<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1823466_0000950170-23-010339.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28476947</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>576366</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2832291</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13920141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3888509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6619804</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010339.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328165509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010339
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FiscalNote Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823466
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39672
		FILM NUMBER:		23770313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202 793-5300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Duddell Street Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010339.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 note-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , D.C. 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on March 13, 2023 was . 
 As of March 13, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding, and shares of Class B common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 
 On July 29, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 7, 2021, and as amended on May 9, 2022, (the Merger Agreement ), by and among FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Old FiscalNote ), Duddell Street Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company DSAC ), and Grassroots Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware Corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of DSAC Merger Sub and, together with DSAC, the DSAC Parties ). Pursuant to these transactions, Merger Sub merged with and into Old FiscalNote, with Old FiscalNote becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of DSAC (the Business Combination and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions ). In connection with the closing of the Transactions (the Closing ), DSAC domesticated and continued as a Delaware corporation under the name of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. New FiscalNote ). Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, FiscalNote, we, us, or our refer to the business of Old FiscalNote, which became the business of New FiscalNote and its subsidiaries following the Closing. 

Forward-Lo oking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes statements that express our opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may or should or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They may appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our future results of operations, financial condition and liquidity; our prospects, growth, strategies and the markets in which FiscalNote operates. Such forward-looking statements are based on available current market material and management s expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting FiscalNote. Factors that may impact such forward-looking statements include: 
 FiscalNote's ability to effectively manage its growth; 

changes in FiscalNote's strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenue and losses, forecasts, projected costs, prospects and plans; 

FiscalNote's future capital requirements; 

demand for FiscalNote's services and the drivers of that demand; 

FiscalNote's ability to provide highly useful, reliable, secure and innovative products and services to its customers; 

FiscalNote's ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers, expand its products and service offerings with existing customers, expand into geographic markets or identify areas of higher growth; 

FiscalNote's ability to successfully identify acquisition opportunities, make acquisitions on terms that are commercially satisfactory, successfully integrate acquired businesses and services, and subsequently grow; 

risks associated with international operations, including compliance complexity and costs, increased exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, political, social and economic instability, and supply chain disruptions; 

FiscalNote's ability to develop, enhance, and integrate its existing platforms, products, and services; 

FiscalNote's estimated total addressable market and other industry and performance projections; 

FiscalNote's reliance on third-party systems and data, its ability to integrate such systems and data with its solutions and its potential inability to continue to support integration; 

potential technical disruptions, cyberattacks, security, privacy or data breaches or other technical or security incidents that affect FiscalNote's networks or systems or those of its service providers; 

FiscalNote's ability to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data to support its products and services; 

FiscalNote's ability to maintain and improve its methods and technologies, and anticipate new methods or technologies, for data collection, organization, and analysis to support its products and services; 

competition and competitive pressures in the markets in which FiscalNote operates, including larger well-funded companies shifting their existing business models to become more competitive with FiscalNote; 

FiscalNote's ability to protect and maintain its brands; 

FiscalNote's ability to comply with laws and regulations in connection with selling products and services to U.S. and foreign governments and other highly regulated industries; 

FiscalNote's ability to retain or recruit key personnel; 

iv 

FiscalNote's ability to effectively maintain and grow its research and development team and conduct research and development; 

FiscalNote's ability to adapt its products and services for changes in laws and regulations or public perception, or changes in the enforcement of such laws, relating to artificial intelligence, machine learning, data privacy and government contracts; 

adverse general economic and market conditions reducing spending on our products and services; 

the outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings; 

FiscalNote's ability to successfully establish and maintain public company-quality internal control over financial reporting; and 

the ability to adequately protect FiscalNote's intellectual property rights. 

The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents filed by us from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us and our business. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 v 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 38 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 108 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 109 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 110 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 111 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 111 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 111 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 111 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 113 

6 

PART I 
 It em 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading technology provider of global policy and market intelligence. We deliver critical, actionable legal and policy insights in a rapidly evolving political, regulatory and macroeconomic environment. By combining artificial intelligence (AI), and other technologies with analytics, workflow tools, and expert peer insights, we empower customers to manage policy change, address regulatory developments, and mitigate global risk. We ingest unstructured legislative and regulatory data, and employ AI and data science to deliver structured, relevant and actionable information in order to facilitate key operational and strategic decisions by global enterprises, midsized and smaller businesses, government institutions, trade groups, and nonprofits. We deliver that intelligence through our suite of public policy and issues management products, including the FiscalNote core product, CQ Federal, EU Issue Tracker and Curate. Our products incorporate workflow tools that enable our clients to monitor, manage, collaborate and efficiently organize for action on the issues that matter most to them, integrating global policy and market intelligence seamlessly into their daily activities. In addition, we offer our customers expert and customized analysis through our geopolitical and market intelligence businesses, including FrontierView, a market intelligence advisory firm for global business professionals, Oxford Analytica, which provides strategic geopolitical intelligence analysis of world events and Dragonfly Eye, a geopolitical and security intelligence service. The FiscalNote portfolio also includes advocacy and constituent management services that connect citizens with their government representatives and vice versa, as well as peer-to-peer community insights, ESG and AI products and services. 
 
 We serve a global, diverse customer base that includes businesses (including over half of the Fortune 100), government agencies, law firms, professional services organizations, trade groups and non-profits in over 45 countries. We generated total revenues of 113.8 million and 82.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We generate recurring revenues through our subscription-based model, which accounts for approximately 90 of our total revenues. We believe that the compelling value proposition of the insights delivered by our platform, combined with the expert analysis, workflow tools and other products and services we offer, has driven substantial customer loyalty. 
 
 Our History 
 
 Our co-founders established FiscalNote in 2013 with a vision of using technology, including AI, machine learning and natural language processing, to bring clarity to the disparate unstructured and rapidly changing data on governmental activities and empower organizations to better understand and act on the issues that matter to them. Today, we remain committed to the principle of leveraging technology to provide transparency into the policy, people, and politics shaping the world. 
 
 Over the last several years, we have closed a number of strategic acquisitions to increase our scale and enhance our portfolio of products and services with complementary offerings. 
 In July 2017, we completed the acquisition of VoterVoice LLC VoterVoice ), a Baton Rouge, Louisiana-based digital advocacy solutions business founded in 2000. 

In January 2018, we acquired Shungham Information SPRL Shungham ), whose EU Issue Tracker product, provides European Union regulatory and legislative intelligence. Shungham was originally founded in 2010 and is based in Brussels, Belgium. 

We acquired CQ Roll Call, Inc. CQ Roll Call and Capitol Advantage LLC Capitol Advantage in August 2018, which significantly increased our scale and customer base. CQ and Roll Call, which were founded in 1945 and 1955, respectively, are two premier media brands reporting on the U.S. government, with established reputations for non-partisan journalism. Capitol Advantage is the largest publisher of congressional directories in the United States. 

In December 2020 and throughout 2021, we added ten complementary or adjacent businesses to the FiscalNote family of brands, including the acquisitions in the geopolitical and market intelligence advisory business (Oxford Analytica and FrontierView). 

1 

Since completing the Transactions, FiscalNote has continued to execute on its acquisition strategy, acquiring Aicel Technologies, an alternative data business based in Korea, the assets of DT Global, a market intelligence company focused on central and eastern Europe and the Middle East, and Dragonfly Intelligence, a geopolitical and security intelligence service based in the United Kingdom (U.K.) acquired in 2023. 

Our acquisitions since December 2020 have introduced us to new geographic territories in the U.K., Australia, Singapore and Austria, as well as increased our presence in Korea, the U.K. and within certain states in the United States. In addition to building out our portfolio with complimentary products and services and strategic technologies, these acquisitions have increased our employee headcount materially over time and, in certain cases, have enabled us to scale our customer base more rapidly. See Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Impacting the Comparability of Our Operating Results for additional discussion. 
 
 We have grown, both organically and through acquisitions, into a global company with approximately 800 employees as of December 31, 2022. Our headquarters are located in Washington, D.C., and we maintain offices in Baton Rouge, LA, Austin, TX, Madison, WI, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Australia, India, South Korea, Singapore, and Taiwan. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 
 Expanding Core Market and New Adjacent Opportunities 
 In recent years, data analytics have moved from simply legal and regulatory information to a wider mix of content, software, and data for many industries. The availability of technology has accelerated the shift in focus from content creation and production to development of tools, data analysis, and unique insights. Digital and online native providers with predictive and prescriptive decision-making tools are expanding beyond legal and compliance. They benefit from increased demand from a range of other adjacent markets that generate significant volumes of data such as finance, healthcare, and pharmaceuticals. By supporting new use-cases, providers with advanced analytics products can capture a large share in a new, growing segment that is currently underserved. 
 
 Increasing Government Policy Uncertainty and Complexity Worldwide 
 As businesses and organizations expand their operations into more jurisdictions, they may become exposed to additional laws and regulations, which generally are growing in complexity. For example, a rideshare company operating in both the United States and Europe is subject to different sets of labor regulations. Within those individual countries, an organization must also comply with diverging laws in various states or other localities, as well as monitor policymaking that could result in new regulations. Changes in the laws and regulations applicable to the rideshare business could create risks or opportunities impacting our strategy, affect our financial results, or expose us to greater scrutiny or legal risk. Without a platform to efficiently manage and monitor legislation and regulations, businesses and organizations may become exposed to potential damage to their brands, reputations, or financial performance. 
 
 Organizations Struggle to Manage Information Throughout the Lifecycle of a Law or Regulation 
 Although legal and policy matters continue to grow in importance, we believe that existing platforms have failed to modernize their solutions to address the related needs of organizations of all sizes and sectors. We believe that current information and software providers are unable to support complex processes across multiple jurisdictions such as advocacy, constituent action, legislation, regulations, statutes, case law, and compliance. Legacy solutions also do little to structure the variable data and disparate information on legal and policy matters, making it difficult to search, identify patterns or derive insights from the abundance of information. In addition, they lack the technology and functionality required to navigate the complexity and nuances of cross-border laws and regulations. The growing volume of data makes it challenging for teams to not only quickly identify relevant policy and regulatory information that will impact their organizations, but also efficiently track, collaborate, assess, and report the critical risks and opportunities. Without an integrated platform, businesses and organizations are forced to engage with multiple different point solutions, which creates additional cost burdens and reduces productivity and efficiency. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 The proliferation of complex laws, regulations and policies is increasingly a source of risk and opportunity for all types of organizations - from small businesses to Fortune 100 companies to government agencies and non-profit, operating in virtually any sector of the economy. Accordingly, we believe that organizations increasingly require efficient and highly 
 2 

automated solutions that aggregate, structure and provide actionable insights into the activities of disparate legislative, regulatory, and geopolitical actors, together with workflow tools that drive efficiency and automation in these areas, as well as insights provided by our expert advisory practices and peer-to-peer communities. We believe that we are a market leader for data-driven, actionable insights on legal, political, regulatory and policy matters, and our continued growth is expected to be driven by several strategic initiatives. 
 
 Our solution is centered on our suite of offerings and features that combine data, analytics, and workflows to drive actionable insights. Through our platforms and products, we deliver structured, relevant and actionable information to customers that enables them to achieve mission-critical results, such as securing government funding, generating incremental revenue, minimizing costs, and mitigating legal, regulatory, reputational or other risks. 
 
 Sales Optimization Strategy 
 We believe a significant opportunity exists for us to accelerate revenue growth by optimizing our sales organization and strategy. First, we intend to increase our sales productivity and efficiency and focus on larger enterprise and government accounts. We already enjoy a diverse blue chip client base across major public and private sectors, including over half of the Fortune 100. However, we believe there is significant room for growth in our base of larger enterprise and government accounts, and increasing our sales capacity will support pursuing those opportunities. In addition, after an initial sale to a new client, we have often successfully expanded the size and duration of the client engagement through cross-selling and upselling, as well as optimizing product pricing and packaging based on customer needs. Through this land and expand strategy, we have increased average account values year over year across government, enterprise, mid-market and small and medium-sized clients. 
 
 Research Development 
 We continue to invest in improvements to our products and services to enhance the value of the data and insights they provide as well as improve our customer experience. Our efforts in this regard include expanding our data assets, developing new proprietary technology (including additional products and enhancements to existing products), building cross-product integrations where they compound the value of our portfolio of newly developed and acquired products, and offering additional human and machine-driven data augmentations and analytics that enhance existing products and services. We continue to advance our core infrastructure and processes for better scaling cross-product data integration, as well as easier deployment of data science and AI capabilities across products. We believe these investments will promote customer retention, facilitate cross-selling to existing customers and enable us to market to potential new customers. 
 
 Adjacent Market Opportunities 
 We intend to leverage our core technology and scalable platform to expand into adjacent markets. First, our platform can ingest and process a high volume of data sets, from activity at the hyper-local municipal level to international, to provide clients with greater functionality. In addition, insights generated through our technology can be packaged for various client use-cases, from traditional government affairs and advocacy activities to geopolitical risk research to corporate compliance with the growing body of ESG ratings and reporting regimes. We also believe there are significant opportunities to leverage our existing strengths in structuring data, providing actionable insights and workflow tools to develop vertically integrated solutions for regulated sectors of the future, including autonomous driving vehicles, cybersecurity, telehealth, the gig economy, crypto-currency, online sports betting, the cannabis industry and more. Finally, we continue to assess opportunities for international expansion, both to grow our customer footprint and expand our product offerings to provide insights into regulatory activities in additional jurisdictions. 
 
 Acquisition Opportunities 
 The legal and policy information and technology industry is highly fragmented, and we believe we are well positioned to act as a consolidator in this area. We have a consistent track record of acquiring and successfully integrating complementary businesses that enhance our portfolio of products, services, and data sets. Since 2017, we completed 15 acquisitions, increasing our scale, adding expert analysis and advocacy tools to our portfolio of products and services, and enabling us to provide additional data sets and services for our customers. We plan to evaluate additional acquisition opportunities to supplement our existing platform, enter new markets and ensure we are well positioned to provide critical insights to the regulated sectors of the future. We intend to focus on acquisitions that leverage our core strengths and enhance our current product, market, geographic and customer strategies. We currently have a robust pipeline of potential opportunities in various stages of negotiation. At this time, we cannot estimate whether we will be successful in the 
 3 

acquisition of these, or any other, companies. We believe the combination of our successful acquisition track record, scale and reputation uniquely position us to create value through additional acquisitions. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Category Creator in a Large and Expanding Market Opportunity 
 As a technology company focused on global policy and market intelligence, we believe we are a category creator in a large and expanding market. Based on industry research, we believe the total addressable market for legal and regulatory information services was approximately 37 billion in 2021 according to Outsell and, due to several factors, will continue to expand in the coming years. First, organizations of all kinds - from business enterprises to government entities - are subject to proliferating regulations and policies of increasing complexity as well as geopolitical changes in the markets in which they operate. These organizations increasingly require a better understanding of the associated impacts on their operations. In addition, available data on legal and regulatory activities is disparate and unstructured, driving a need to aggregate and meaningfully standardize, analyze and curate that data into relevant insights that facilitate key operational and strategic decisions. Further, analytical capabilities in law are democratizing, as organizations increasingly rely on internal teams, tools and workflows to evaluate and take action on policy and regulatory risks. We believe we are well positioned to capture a significant portion of this growing opportunity due to our reputation, scalable platform and AI capabilities, strong management team and successful acquisition strategy. 
 
 Scalable Proprietary AI-Driven Technology 
 Our core technology is built upon our proprietary data collection, ingestion, processing, monitoring and refinement capabilities that serve certain of our different product and service offerings. We collect and process structured and unstructured data related to global legislative and regulatory activities from disparate sources, including expansive coverage of news, social, and world events. Throughout the pipelines we combine automated processes built using AI, supplemented with human-in-the-loop augmentation (i.e., human interaction in reviewing, validating, labeling or generating data as part of an automated processing pipeline to improve results and speed up the machine learning process) to derive structured metadata and generate trustworthy and actionable information at scale that powers multiple customer-facing applications. We believe our focus on configurable and maintainable ingestion and refinement technology can scale with the development and acquisition of new data sets and products, reducing our time to market and enabling us to differentiate ourselves from competitors and expand into adjacent markets and client verticals. From this information, our refinement and analysis capabilities deliver actionable insights for clients, including individualized alerts, activity-driven recommendations and event-based predictions. These insights are incorporated into workflow tools that support policy monitoring, automated reporting, stakeholder management and collaboration, revenue and funding generation, research and analytics, and streamlined compliance. We believe our proprietary technology delivers superior outcomes for our customers through a focus on combining deep product development expertise with subject matter expertise navigating technical complexities in the policy and legal domain. The value of our technology is highlighted by its ability to utilize machine learning to automatically learn and apply extractions, classifications, recommendations and connections between disparate data sources as more data is ingested, thereby providing increased customer value per dataset and data-driven insights over time. 
 
 Blue Chip Diverse Client Base 
 Our diverse customer base includes large multinational corporations as well as startups and other enterprises. We also support all three branches of the U.S. federal government, along with dozens of other national, state, and local government entities. In addition, we provide solutions to non-government organizations, nonprofits and advocacy groups. Thousands of enterprises, entities, and organizations rely on us to improve the way they build and manage their relationships with all levels of government, enabling them to have maximum impact on legislation and regulation. We believe our large enterprise and government clients offer significant opportunities for growth in the client engagement, while our diverse client base provides stability and mitigates risk to our business as a whole. 
 
 Multiple Growth Vectors 
 Our business benefits from a comprehensive platform that pairs organic and inorganic growth opportunities. By combining our existing solutions with complementary acquired assets, we continue to enhance the value proposition of our offerings to clients, grow our client engagements and expand our existing engagements through cross-sell and upsell successes. We embrace our land and expand strategy, which is supported by our simplified content and usage-based pricing model. In addition, we increase customer lifetime value through multi-year contract penetration, as well as 
 4 

retention through our usage analytics and AI-powered technology. We aim to continue deploying our offerings across the globe and supporting more jurisdictions to accelerate and diversify our growth. 
 
 Prolific Acquisition Strategy and Proven Execution 
 Our consolidation strategy aims to enhance our existing businesses, expand our use cases, increase our market-leading position, and generate value for our shareholders. We focus on complementary assets with significant strategic and value accretion potential. Driven by our integration model, we benefit from increasing our user base via new customers, increased customer stickiness and sales volume via bundles, and unified data and analytics engines to deliver increasingly larger quantities of data with higher-quality information. We focus on opportunities with high market share and high subscription revenue streams, which drives back-office synergies. Our five largest acquisitions in 2021 yielded a weighted-average ARR growth of approximately 24 when comparing their acquisition date ARR with their ARR on December 31, 2022. In addition, we have deployed our AI-powered technology to reduce integration time and create significant cost savings for our acquisitions such as FactSquared and Oxford Analytica. We intend to continue pursue strategic acquisitions as we create a disruptive global data company in a new era of technology. 
 
 Founder-Led Management Team and Experienced Leadership 
 Our management team is led by Tim Hwang, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Co-Founder, who brings to FiscalNote his vision, values, and commitment to our founding mission - to connect people and organizations to government through the use of technology and empower them to better understand and act on the issues that matter to them. Tim leads a talented management team with many years of collective experience and deep expertise in, among other matters, operating businesses at scale, executing a strategic acquisition and consolidation strategy, data science, corporate finance and capital allocation. Our high-profile Board of Directors brings decades of collective knowledge and expertise relevant to our industry, strategic plan, financial matters, legal compliance, governance and leadership. 
 
 Our Products and Services 
 
 Public Policy and Issues Management 
 Using AI and data analytics, our core platform provides policy monitoring capabilities at various jurisdictional levels both domestically and globally to enable clients to identify opportunity and manage risk associated with legislative and regulatory change. The robust platform reliably tracks U.S. Congressional and federal agency activity - from committee markups and amendments to introductions of proposed legislation to rulemaking and the regulatory comment process - as well as activities across state and local governments, further augmented by our Curate product, which we acquired in 2021. Additionally, customers are able to integrate custom policy, stakeholder, and other data and analysis surrounding the policy ecosystem into the platform to manage their policy, market, and stakeholder information in one place. Through our CQ product, we also offer deep and comprehensive news and analysis covering the politics, process, and impact of both lawmaking and rulemaking. Further, by leveraging our EU Issue Tracker, clients can take advantage of deeper policy monitoring capabilities and insights in the European Union. By harnessing workflow tools that help organizations manage their issues with insights provided by these products, stakeholders and teams are empowered to collaborate and drive more effective cross departmental knowledge management and coordination and communication on legal and regulatory issues. 
 Example Use Cases 
 Enterprise clients use our technology to in-source their government affairs function, enabling them to reduce contractual commitments to trade organizations and achieve significant cost savings. 
 Public sector clients leverage our technology to track the federal procurement process, enabling them to secure government funding in support of their mission. 
 Industry associations leverage our technology to strategically allow their employees from different teams to work off the same information within the business, efficiently preparing for new business initiatives or quickly responding to questions from one place, reducing and consolidating different information channels, all fed by automatically sourced and updating information. 
 
 Advocacy Constituent Services 
 Our advocacy tools, including VoterVoice and CQ Advocacy, empower citizens and organizations to connect with their governments. We provide solutions that enable organizations from corporations to nonprofits to trade associations to build campaigns, engage with advocates and educate lawmakers through multiple channels. Our tools also enable customers to track campaign performance with real-time, actionable reports, and insights with data-driven 
 5 

recommendations for improved performance based on industry specific historical benchmarking analysis. Conversely, our Fireside product, which we acquired in 2021, supports legislators in their constituent engagement efforts by simplifying daily constituent communications, automating tasks, maintaining online and social media presence, and applying data to guide outreach efforts. 
 Example Use Cases 
 A national trade association uses VoterVoice to revitalize its advocacy work through a digital strategy and mobile action after decades of trying to keep up in the industry. 
 A congressional office uses Fireside s powerful outreach tools to engage in a meaningful and coordinated fashion with constituents through surveys, newsletters, and mailing tools, and then further refine those engagement efforts through the collection and analysis of data regarding the congressional district. 
 
 Geopolitical and Market Intelligence 
 Our geopolitical and market intelligence services include FrontierView, and Oxford Analytica, which we acquired in 2021, and Dragonfly Intelligence, which we acquired in 2023. FrontierView provides strategic planning, market monitoring and intelligence to global business professionals in support of companies international growth initiatives. Oxford Analytica provides strategic geopolitical intelligence analysis of world events through its full-time staff and a global network of confirmed subject matter experts (now numbering over 1,500). Dragonfly provides real-time critical intelligence about potential and ongoing security risks to operations, early warning detection and forecasting through its security intelligence analysis service (SIAS) platform. We believe that, by combining expert analysis with our core AI-driven analytics, our clients gain access to the full array of insights they need to understand how government actions and policies impact their organizations, businesses and industries. 
 Example Use Cases 
 A multinational corporation engages FrontierView for customized research and analysis to adapt its pricing strategy to volatile emerging markets in which it seeks to expand. 
 Through Oxford Analytica s Daily Briefs, senior decision-makers at a technology company were presented with timely, impartial, and relevant analyses that helped them navigate through current events surrounding cybersecurity. 
 Through Dragonfly's SIAS platform, a senior security and crisis management executive at a multinational corporation receives advance warning of events potentially disrupting its supply chain and operations abroad. 
 
 Customers 
 We serve a large, diverse customer base that includes small and mid-sized businesses, large enterprises (including over half of the Fortune 100), government agencies, law firms, professional services organizations, trade groups and non-profit around the world. We believe that the strong value proposition of the insights delivered by our platform, combined with expert analysis and workflow tools, leads to our substantial customer loyalty as evidenced by their high propensity to renew their subscriptions with us. As of December 31, 2022, our run-rate revenue (a key measure of our future revenue opportunity defined as annual recurring revenue at a point in time plus non-subscription revenue during the last twelve months) was 127.0 million. In addition, our net revenue retention NRR rate (for businesses we owned for at least twelve months at any point in time) on subscription customers was approximately 101 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Retention rates typically are higher for engagements with higher account values, which tend to involve more products with more complex and broader usage within a client organization. We believe that our business is not substantially dependent on any particular end market, customer or group of significant customers. 
 
 Technology 
 Our information technology systems are fundamental to our success. We guide users across a complex information ecosystem, presenting acquired and generated content, with machine-derived metadata, in tailored client workflows. Our technology stack includes technologies for the storage, processing, access and delivery of the data that forms the foundation of our business. We generally own or have secured ongoing rights to use all the applications material to our operations. Our patented AI-enabled core technologies are built and operated on top of modern cloud infrastructure, providing a reliable and distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations. 
 
 Our AI-driven analytical solutions empower our clients to track the pulse of legal and regulatory developments via: 
 Descriptive analytics: vast database enabling trend identification, discovery and alerting, and analysis across jurisdictions, people, and documents. 
 Predictive analytics: actionable insights such as legislative forecasts, automatic regulatory comment sentiment analysis, AI-driven personalized content and data recommendations to help clients make informed decisions. 
 6 

State-of-the-art data collection and ingestion, processing and augmentation, and storage automation capabilities including: 
 Data ingestion: bespoke high-speed intelligent data sourcing and collection with custom scraping and monitoring frameworks from web sources, APIs, and data partnerships collecting unstructured text documents in multiple languages and multimedia audio, video, and image files. 
 Data processing: augments raw source data by inferring and deriving metadata via natural language processing, including categorization, entity extraction, linking, and summarization, creating standardized and useable structured data formats. 
 Data storage and management: structure, standardize, and automate synchronous and asynchronous data processing pipelines to validate, normalize and index primary data along with metadata to enable enhanced data retrieval and alerting across languages and jurisdictions. 
 Data analytics: proprietary algorithms to drive custom natural language processes that enable predictions and analysis. 
 
 Our products are accessible through multiple delivery channels, including desktop and mobile applications, and data feeds and APIs, enabling our clients to work from anywhere at any time. 
 
 Competitive Environment 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in our business are the quality of insights that our customers can derive from our products and services, including their relevance to the policy and regulatory issues of greatest impact to their organizations, as well as the ease with which customers can act on those insights and integrate them into workflows that drive results. We believe we currently compete favorably with respect to each of these factors. 
 
 We consider ourselves a category creator in the technology-enabled global policy and market intelligence services sector. We believe that no single competitor currently offers the same scope of services and market coverage we provide, nor do we provide the same scope of services and market coverage as our competitors. The data and information analytics sector is highly fragmented, and we may encounter a variety of competitors depending upon the relevant market or product offering. Our competitors may include traditional information services companies such as Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg, and S P, LexisNexis, legal advisors such as traditional law firms, as well as consultancies and traditional and digital media organizations that compete primarily with our Roll Call business. In addition, we may face competition from start-up and mid-sized companies, who may develop products or services that compete with discreet offerings within our portfolio. Over time, we believe that new businesses will increasingly enter the global policy and market intelligence information services sector and seek to develop technologies that may compete with our products and services. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 112 registered trademarks, seven trademark applications (in each case, counting individual foreign registrations and applications), approximately 537 domain names, nine patents, nine patents pending, and three patents allowed. We also own certain proprietary software. We consider our trademarks, service marks, databases, software and other IP to be proprietary, and rely on a combination of statutory (e.g., copyright, trademark, trade secret and patent), contractual and technical safeguards to protect our intellectual property rights. We believe that the intellectual property that we own and license is sufficient to permit us to carry on our business as presently conducted. 
 
 Our agreements with our customers and business partners place certain restrictions on the use of our intellectual property. As a general practice, employees, contractors and other parties with access to our proprietary information sign agreements that prohibit the unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property and confidential information. 
 
 New Product Development 
 We believe that innovation is essential to our success and one of our primary drivers of competitive advantage. We believe we are in a unique position to help shape how organizations find, evaluate, interact with, consume and act upon global policy and market information. In 2022, we focused on the redevelopment of the FiscalNote and EU Issue Tracker platforms to better support integration of newly developed and acquired products and services while also providing enhanced user interfaces, analytical tools, and capabilities. Adding new data sets, products and services through acquisitions is also a significant component of our strategy. We also intend to continue augmenting our technology platform, products and services through strategic acquisitions. 
 
 7 

Sales and Marketing 
 We generally develop sales, distribution and marketing strategies on a product-by-product and service-by-service basis, including products and services obtained via acquisitions. We leverage customer data, business and market intelligence and competitive profiling to retain customers and cross-sell products and services. When we obtain a new product or service through an acquisition, we assess on a case-by-case basis whether to integrate it into our existing product portfolio or maintain it as a standalone offering in light of its existing brand recognition, distinctive customer base and other factors. 
 
 Our sales teams participate in both sales and service activities, interacting frequently with assigned customers to ensure a positive experience using our products and services. Our sales force primarily seeks revenue through new sales, existing customer retention, upselling and cross-selling, working with the sales team members to coordinate activity and provide the best solutions for our customers. 
 
 Our marketing team seeks to position FiscalNote as the most trusted brand for insights and analysis on political, regulatory and policy matters. It promotes awareness of our brands through several channels, including segmented marketing campaigns and content (e.g., topical webinars), events, the FiscalNote Executive Institute (a thought leadership community that advances conversation and collaboration among senior leaders), and digital marketing. 
 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 800 employees support our business operations with approximately 720 full-time. None of our employees are represented by unions. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions to operations due to labor disagreements. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Our products, services and operations are subject to privacy and consumer information laws and regulations, including regulations in the U.S. (federal and state), U.K., EU (as well as individual member states) and various jurisdictions in Asia. We incur significant costs in our business to comply with these laws and regulations. Our compliance obligations vary from regulator to regulator, and may include, among other things, strict data security programs, submissions of regulatory reports, providing consumers with certain notices and correcting inaccuracies in applicable reports. In addition, we are subject to regulatory requirements ordinarily associated with international operations, including various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, as well as export controls, customs, economic sanctions laws, and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government. Violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act or other anti-corruption laws or export control, customs, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. Many of these laws and regulations are complex, and their application to us, our customers or the specific services and relationships we have with our customers are not always clear. Our failure to anticipate accurately the application of these laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity and otherwise negatively affect our business. See the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the impact of government regulation on our company. 
 
 Information About our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below, in alphabetical order, is a list of our executive officers as of February 28, 2023, including each executive officer s principal occupation and employment during the past five years and reflecting recent organizational changes. None of our executive officers has any family relationship with any other executive officer, and none of our executive officers became an officer pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any other person. Each executive officer has been elected to serve until his successor is appointed or his earlier death or removal or resignation from such office. Each executive officer s age is set forth in the table next to his name. 

Name 
 Position 
 Age 

Tim Hwang 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder 
 31 

Gerald Yao 
 Chief Strategy Officer, Global Head of ESG and Co-Founder 
 31 

Josh Resnik 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 52 

Jon Slabaugh 
 Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Corporate Development 
 59 

Vladimir Eidelman 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 37 

Richard Henderson 
 Chief Revenue Officer 
 49 

8 

Krystal Putman-Garcia 
 Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager of Advocacy 
 43 

Todd Aman 
 SVP, General Counsel and Secretary 
 39 

Vibha Miller 
 SVP of People and Diversity, Equality, Inclusion, Belonging and Accessibility 
 61 

Timothy Hwang serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and as a Class I Director. Mr. Hwang is one of our Co-Founders and served as Legacy FiscalNote s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since its founding in 2013 through the public listing. Mr. Hwang is currently a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, a trustee on the Board of the Greater Washington Community Foundation (the largest funder of non-profit and philanthropic initiatives in the DC region), a Board member of The After School Alliance, and a member of the Council of Korean Americans (CKA). Mr. Hwang has an A.B. from Princeton University. 
 
 Gerald Yao serves as our Chief Strategy Officer and Global Head of ESG, and as a Class II Director. He is one of our Co-Founders and served as a director of Legacy FiscalNote since its founding in 2013. Mr. Yao co-founded FiscalNote after spending a decade leading operations in the non-profit, public schools, and start-up sectors. He has served as Chief Strategy Officer since 2014 and Global Head of ESG since June 2022 and helped to incubate many functions within the organization. Mr. Yao is currently overseeing corporate strategy and new market growth expansion in APAC and with respect to ESG matters. Previously, he was director of finance for the National Youth Association from 2010 to 2013. He studied finance and sociology at Emory University. 
 
 Josh Resnik serves as our President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Resnik served as Legacy FiscalNote s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Content Officer from October 2018 to January 2022, and was named President and Chief Operating Officer in February 2022. Prior to FiscalNote, Mr. Resnik was an executive and Board member of Spree Commerce starting in 2012, serving as General Counsel/Chief Operating Officer and helping lead the company to a successful acquisition by First Data Corporation (now Fiserv) in 2015. Prior to Spree Commerce, he led the Digital division of Gannett (then one of the largest media companies in the U.S.) and was a senior in-house attorney at AOL. Earlier in his career he spent several years in private law practice representing clients in the TMT sector in corporate transactions and regulatory matters. Mr. Resnik holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from Boston University School of Law, where he was named an Edward F. Hennessey Distinguished Scholar and G. Joseph Tauro Scholar, as well as earning the Dean s Award in Communications Law. 
 
 Jon Slabaugh serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development. He joined Legacy FiscalNote in November 2019 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in May 2020. Prior to FiscalNote, Mr. Slabaugh was the Managing Director of UCG, a private holding company of 10 leading business-to-business information, data and workflow SaaS companies serving the energy, healthcare, telecommunications, financial services, technology, advertising and tax preparation markets, from 2004 to 2018. Earlier in his career, Mr. Slabaugh was a co-founder and Managing Director of MCG Capital, a senior debt, mezzanine and uni-tranche investment company backed by Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Heller Financial, Vestar Capital Partners and Soros Private Equity Partners, from 1998 to 2004. Mr. Slabaugh originated and managed investments in information, software and media companies while at MCG. Mr. Slabaugh has also served on the boards of Miles Partnership, Johns Hopkins Suburban Hospital, and GasBuddy. He holds a B.A. from Denison University and an MBA from the University of Virginia s Darden School of Business Administration. 
 
 Dr. Vladimir Eidelman serves as our Chief Technology Officer, a role he has held since June 2022. Before then, he served as our Chief Scientist and Head of AI Research, leading the production data science and AI teams since December 2013. His work has led to multiple patents, patent applications, and peer-reviewed papers, and he serves on the program committees for top-tier conferences, such as ACL, NAACL, and EMNLP. Dr. Eidelman completed his Ph.D. in Computer Science at the University of Maryland, and his B.S. in Computer Science and Philosophy at Columbia University. 
 
 Krystal Putman-Garcia serves as our Chief Marketing Officer and General Manager of Community, a role she has held since January 2021. Before then, she had served as our Vice President of Marketing since 2019 and General Manager of Advocacy since 2020. Before joining FiscalNote, Ms. Putman-Garcia ran demand generation at EAB from 2017 to 2019. Prior to EAB, she served as VP of Marketing at Localist, ran marketing for PBS s education division, and has had a variety of roles in the marketing departments of Discovery Communications, TrustArc, BearingPoint, and CEB. Ms. Putman-Garcia holds an MBA from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan and a B.S. from Tulane University. 
 9 

Todd Aman serves as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary, a role he has held since August 2022. Before then, he had served as our Vice President and Associate General Counsel Securities and Compliance since April 2021. Before joining FiscalNote, Mr. Aman served as Associate General Counsel Corporate and Securities and Assistant Secretary for FLIR Systems, Inc., a publicly-traded international sensor technology company. Prior to FLIR, Mr. Aman served as Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Gannett Co., Inc., a publicly-traded media and marketing solutions company, from March 2016 through its acquisition in 2019. Before then, Mr. Aman was a corporate attorney in the SEC Advisory and Capital Markets practice groups at Hogan Lovells US LLP. Mr. Aman holds a J.D., magna cum laude , and an LL.M in Securities and Financial Regulation, with distinction , from the Georgetown University Law Center, as well as a B.A. in Political Theory and Religious Studies from the University of Virginia. 
 
 Vibha Jain Miller serves as our Senior Vice President of People and DEIBA (Diversity, Equality, Inclusion, Belonging, and Accessibility), a role she has held since April 2022. Prior to FiscalNote, Ms. Miller served as Vice President, Human Resources Chief Talent Officer at Cogent Communications of Washington, D.C., a publicly traded, global internet service provider with a highly diverse team of 1,200 employees. From 2017 to 2021, Ms. Jain served as Vice President, Human Resources for the Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC), a global, mission-driven association of leading graduate business schools, and owner and administrator of the GMAT exam, where she provided strategic oversight of all Human Resources functions. Before Cogent and GMAC, Ms. Jain held executive-level Human Resources positions at WETA, a public broadcasting station; Conservation International, a nonprofit environmental organization; Octagon, a global sports and entertainment content marketing company; and Discovery Communications, a global media company. Before then, Ms. Jain served in human resources roles at several companies, including The Nature Conservancy and Goldman, Sachs Co. Ms. Jain holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Connecticut, and an M.B.A. in Management and International Business from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.fiscalnote.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding FiscalNote. 
 It em 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have recently experienced significant growth that may not be indicative of future growth, which makes it difficult to forecast our revenue and evaluate our business and prospects. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We have experienced significant growth in our business, including through acquisitions, over the last several years. We have also experienced significant growth in headcount, the number of customers, and usage and amount of data delivered across our products and services. 
 
 You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of future performance. Even if our revenue continues to increase, our revenue growth rate may decline in the future due to a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business, increased competition, changes to technology, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to take advantage of growth opportunities. The overall growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 attract new customers, retain and expand sales to our existing customers, and price our products and services effectively; 
 expand the functionality of our products and services, and continue to generate content and other insights that our customers value; 
 maintain and expand the rates at which customers use our products and services and the prices at which we deliver our products and services; 
 10 

provide our customers with support that meets their needs; 
 maintain or increase customer satisfaction with our products and services; 
 compete effectively against other businesses offering similar products or services, as well as new entrants into the markets in which we compete; 
 continue to introduce and sell our products and services to new markets and industry verticals; 
 continue to develop new products and services, and maintain, enhance, develop, and integrate the functionality of our existing platforms, products and services, including continued innovation of our AI and data science technologies; 
 successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our products and services; 
 recruit, hire, train and manage additional qualified developers, professionals and sales and marketing personnel; and 
 increase awareness of our brands on a global basis and successfully compete with other companies. 
 We may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives, and as a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our future results of operations. 
 
 In addition, any growth places significant demands on our operational infrastructure. As usage of our products and services grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure and integrating with third-party applications, including open-source software. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support and professional services, to serve our growing customer base. We also will need to focus significant resources on integrating acquired businesses and leveraging acquired products, services, content and analysis across the entire organization. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could lead to impaired system performance and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to customers, lower dollar-based net retention rates, the issuance of service credits or requested refunds, which would hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Even if we are successful in our expansion efforts, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion of and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our expenses and investments have grown significantly in recent years. We will need to grow our revenues to achieve and maintain profitability, which may not occur. 
 
 We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and security; 
 sales and marketing, including a significant expansion of our sales organization to engage existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness and drive adoption of our products and services; 
 product development, including investments in our development team and the development of new applications of our products and services and new functionality for our existing applications and in the protection of our intellectual property IP rights related to our product development; 
 acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 international expansion; and 
 general administration, including legal and accounting, expenses associated with being a public company. 
 
 These investments may not be successful on the timeline we anticipate or at all and may not result in increased revenue growth. If we are unable to maintain or increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset costs, our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we have encountered, and may in the future encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known or unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our business, financial position and results of operations may be harmed and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future, and we may be required to take cost-reduction actions that may limit our ability to execute on our strategic plans. 
 
 11 

We have a history of net losses and anticipate that operating expenses may grow as we continue to pursue our plans for expansion, and we therefore may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of 218.3 million and 109.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Because the market for our products and services is rapidly evolving, it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations or the limits of our market opportunity. Our operating expenses may continue to increase in the future as we hire additional personnel, expand our partnerships, operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally, and continue to enhance our products and services and develop and expand their features, integrations, and capabilities. We also intend to continue to build and enhance our platforms through both internal research and development and selectively pursuing acquisitions that can contribute to the capabilities of our platforms. In addition, now that we are a public company, we will incur additional significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. If our revenue does not increase to offset operating expenses and if our efforts to control operating expenses are unsuccessful or inadequate, we will not be profitable in future periods. In future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including any failure to increase the number of organizations using our products or grow the size of our engagements with existing customers, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, slowing demand for our products, additional regulatory burdens, or increasing competition. As a result, our past financial performance may not be indicative of our future performance. Any failure by us to achieve or sustain profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our stock to decline. 
 
 We generate a significant percentage of our revenues from recurring subscription-based arrangements, and if we are unable to maintain a high renewal rate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Approximately 90 of our revenues are subscription-based. In order to maintain existing revenues and to generate higher revenues, we are dependent on a significant number of our customers renewing their arrangements with us. Although many of these arrangements have automatic renewal provisions, with appropriate notice these arrangements generally are cancellable and our customers generally have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their initial subscription period. As a result, our past annual revenue renewal rates may not be indicative of our future annual revenue renewal rates, and our annual revenue renewal rates may decline or fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, including customer satisfaction with our products and services, our prices and the prices offered by competitors, reductions in customer spending levels, and general economic conditions. Our revenues could also decline if a significant number of our customers continued their arrangements with us but reduced the amount of their spending. 
 
 The introduction of competitors offerings with lower prices for consumers, low customer satisfaction with our products, fluctuations in prices customers are willing to pay for our products, changes in customers government affairs, policy and political strategies, including an increase in the use of competitors products or offerings, and other factors could result in declines in our subscriptions. Because we derive a substantial majority of our revenue from customers who purchase these subscription plans, any material decline in demand for these offerings could have a material adverse impact on our future revenue and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to successfully introduce new products, features, and enhancements, our revenue growth may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to attract new customers, retain existing customers, expand our products and services offerings with existing customers, expand into new geographic markets or identify areas of higher growth, our revenue growth and profitability will be harmed. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to acquire new customers, retain existing customers, expand our engagements with existing customers through cross-selling and upselling efforts, expand into new geographic markets and identify areas of higher growth, and to do so in a cost-effective manner. We have made significant investments related to customer acquisition and retention, expect to continue to spend significant amounts on these efforts in future periods, and cannot guarantee that the revenue from new or existing customers will ultimately exceed the costs of these investments. 
 
 12 

Additionally, if we fail to deliver a quality user experience, or if customers do not perceive the products and services we offer to be of high value and quality, we may be unable to acquire or retain customers. Also, if we do not acquire or retain customers above our lowest price tier in volumes sufficient to grow our business, we may be unable to achieve our operational objectives. Our prices may increase, or may not decrease to levels sufficient to generate customers interest, our revenue may decrease, our margins may decline. As a result, we may not achieve or maintain profitability and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our efforts to expand our service offerings and further develop our existing services in order to keep pace with policy, regulatory, political and technological developments may not succeed. 
 
 Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and, as a result, we may not achieve the revenue growth rate we expect. In addition, because the markets for certain of our offerings remain relatively new, it is uncertain whether our investments in those offerings, will result in significant revenue for us. We seek to continuously enhance our technology platforms, including AI and machine learning capabilities and algorithms, to maintain and improve the quality of our products and services in order to remain competitive with alternatives, and those efforts ultimately may not be adequate or successful. Further, the introduction of significant platform changes and upgrades, may not succeed and early-stage interest and adoption of such new services may not result in long term success or significant revenue for us. Additionally, if we fail to anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments early enough, or if we do not devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. 
 
 If we are unable to develop or acquire enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be harmed. The success of enhancements and new or acquired products and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature, service or enhancement by customers, administrators and developers, as well as our ability to integrate all of our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth and negatively impact our operating results. We may not be successful in either developing or acquiring these enhancements and new products and services or effectively bringing them to market. 
 
 Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new services or technologies, or modifications to existing services or technologies, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof, could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. 
 
 We plan to continue growing and expanding our business through strategic acquisitions. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition opportunities or make acquisitions on terms that are satisfactory to us from a commercial perspective. 
 
 A principal focus of our business strategy is to grow and expand our business, acquire technologies and new data sets, and enhance our product and service offerings through acquisitions. Our strategy of pursuing strategic acquisitions may be negatively impacted by several risks, including: 
 We may not successfully identify companies that have complementary product lines or technological competencies or that can diversify our revenue or enhance our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 We may not successfully acquire companies if we fail to negotiate the acquisition on acceptable terms, the potential acquisition target is acquired by a competitor or other bidder, or other related reasons. 
 We may incur acquisition-related expenses, including legal, accounting, consulting, and other professional fees and disbursements. Such additional expenses may be material, will likely not be reimbursed, would increase the aggregate cost of any acquisition and could divert financial and managerial resources from existing operations. 
 We may become exposed to the acquired company s liabilities and to risks, and we may not be able to ascertain or assess all of the significant risks. 
 We may require additional financing in connection with any future acquisition, and such financing may be unavailable or may adversely impact, or be restricted by, our capital structure. 
 In the process of selecting suitable acquisition targets, we may make mistaken assumptions about the ease of entry into new markets, potential benefits, including volumes, cash flows, net sales, costs, synergies and more. 
 
 13 

If we are not able to execute this strategy of pursuing strategic acquisitions, it could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business and on our financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects, and we may not be able to realize our projections. 
 
 We may not realize expected business or financial benefits from acquisitions or integrate acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner, or such acquisitions could divert management s attention, increase capital requirements or dilute stockholder value and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our ability to achieve the anticipated potential benefits of a strategic acquisition will be subject to a number of risks or uncertainties. Acquired assets, data, or businesses may not be successfully integrated into our operations, costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected and we may also incur unanticipated acquisition-related costs. These costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. Any acquisition we complete could be viewed negatively by customers, users, developers, partners, or investors, and could have adverse effects on our existing business relationships. 
 
 Acquisitions and other transactions, arrangements, and investments involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, any of which could harm our business, including: 
 difficulties in, and the cost of, integrating operations, administrative infrastructures, sales and marketing teams and strategies, personnel, technologies, data sets, services, and platforms; 
 potential write-offs of acquired assets or investments, impairments of goodwill or intangible assets, or potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 
 difficulties in successfully selling any acquired services or products; 
 differences between our values and those of our acquired companies; 
 failures to identify material liabilities or risk in pre-acquisition due diligence; 
 difficulties in retaining and re-training key employees of acquired companies and integrating them into our organizational structure and corporate culture; 
 difficulties in, and financial costs of, addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation structure; 
 inability to maintain, or changes in, relationships with key customers and partners of the acquired business; 
 challenges converting and forecasting the acquired company s revenue recognition policies including subscription-based revenue and revenue based on the transfer of control as well as appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual deliverables; 
 difficulty with, and costs related to, transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or permanent basis; 
 augmenting the acquired technologies and platforms to the levels that are consistent with our brands and reputation; 
 potential for acquired products to impact the profitability of existing products; 
 increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology consistent with our other services; 
 challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability, and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context of a joint venture or other majority ownership investments; 
 negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed assets, and deferred compensation; 
 to the extent we use cash to pay for acquisitions, the commensurate limitation of other potential uses for our cash; 
 to the extent we incur debt to fund any acquisitions, the impact of such debt on our overall capital structure, any material restrictions thereunder on our ability to conduct our business financial maintenance covenants and dilution to shareholders to the extent such debt instruments are convertible; 
 to the extent we issue equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease; 
 additional dilution and expense associated with stock-based compensation; 
 the loss of acquired unearned revenue and unbilled revenue; 
 delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; 
 ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company; 
 in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges caused by integrating operations over distance, and across different languages, cultures, and political environments; 
 14 

currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance risks resulting from entry into new markets; 
 tax effects and costs of any such acquisitions, including the related integration into our tax structure and assessment of the impact on our ability to realize our future tax assets or liabilities; and 
 potential challenges by governmental authorities, including the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ ), for anti-competitive or other reasons. 
 
 We may also decide to restructure, divest or sell businesses, products or technologies that we have acquired or invested in. The occurrence of any of the above could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects and could adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 We have international operations and assets, including in the U.K., Belgium, Australia and Korea, and we sell our products and services to clients globally. These international operations subject us to additional risks that may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have international operations, including in the U.K., Belgium, Australia and Korea. Our ability to operate in these countries may be adversely affected by changes in those jurisdictions laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, lobbying, cybersecurity, privacy and other matters. In addition, our operating results and financial performance are subject to the local economic and political situations. We believe that our operations are in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, the central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance therewith, as well as increased taxation, restrictions on imports, import duties or currency revaluations. There can be no certainty as to the application of the laws and regulations of these jurisdictions in particular instances. Enforcement of existing laws or agreements may be sporadic and implementation and interpretation of laws inconsistent. Moreover, there is a high degree of fragmentation among regulatory authorities, resulting in uncertainties as to which authorities have jurisdiction over particular parties or transactions. 
 
 In addition, we sell our products and services globally and plan to continue expanding our international operations as part of our growth strategy. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 13 and 11 , respectively, of our revenues were derived from outside of the United States. Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the FiscalNote selling entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. 
 
 Our current international operations and our plans to expand our international operations could subject us to a number of risks, including: 
 increased management, travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations; 
 unique terms and conditions in contract negotiations imposed by clients in foreign countries; 
 longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; 
 the need to localize our products and services for international clients; 
 changes in foreign regulatory requirements; 
 increased exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 highly inflationary international economies; 
 the burdens and costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards relating to data security and protection of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the European Union and similar privacy regulations in the U.K. and the Asia-Pacific region; 
 compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption regulations, particularly in emerging market countries; 
 compliance by international staff with accounting practices generally accepted in the United States, including adherence to our accounting policies and internal controls; 
 trade agreements, taxes, and other trade barriers; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 weaker protection of intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes; 
 the application of the respective local laws and regulations to our business in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 15 

government sanctions that may interfere with our ability to sell into particular countries; 
 disruption to our operations caused by epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19; and 
 political, social and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks and security concerns in general. 
 
 As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Any of these risks could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. 
 
 We recognize revenues over the term of the agreements for our subscriptions and, as a result, there is often a lag in realizing the impact of current sales or cancellations in reported revenues, and a significant downturn in our business may not be reflected immediately in our operating results. 
 
 We generally recognize revenues ratably over the duration of the contract, which typically range from one to three years. As a result, a substantial majority of our quarterly revenues are generated from contracts entered into during prior periods. There is often a lag in realizing the impact of current sales or cancellations in our reported revenues, as we recognize revenues over the term of the arrangement. Because of this lag effect, a decline in new contracts in any quarter may not affect our results of operations in that quarter but could reduce our revenues in future quarters. Additionally, the timing of renewals or non-renewals of a contract during any quarter may only affect our financial performance in future quarters. For example, the non-renewal of a contract late in a quarter will have minimal impact on revenues for that quarter but will reduce such revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant declines in sales of our products and services may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations, which would make these reported results less indicative of our future financial results. In contrast, a non-renewal occurring early in a quarter may have a significant negative impact on revenues for that quarter and we may not be able to offset a decline in such revenues with revenues from new contracts entered into in the same quarter. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our costs in response to reduced revenues. These factors may cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows, may make it challenging for an investor to predict our performance and may prevent us from meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors, which in turn may cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Our sales cycles are variable, depend upon factors outside our control, and could cause us to expend significant time and resources prior to generating revenues. 
 
 The typical sales cycle for our products and services is lengthy, unpredictable, could be disrupted by factors outside our control and often requires pre-purchase evaluation by a significant number of employees in our clients organizations. Our sales efforts involve educating our clients about the use and benefits of our products and services. Potential clients typically undertake a rigorous pre-purchase decision-making and evaluation process, and sales to new clients involve extensive client due diligence and reference checks. We invest a substantial amount of time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce sales. Even if we succeed at completing a sale, we may be unable to predict the size of an initial subscription arrangement until very late in the sales cycle. 
 
 If we have overestimated the size of our total addressable market, our future growth rate may be limited. 
 
 It is difficult to accurately estimate the size of the enterprise information services and legal and regulatory information markets and predict with certainty the rate at which the market for our services will grow, if at all. While our market size estimate was made in good faith and is based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable, this estimate may not be accurate. If our estimates of the size of our addressable market are not accurate, our potential for future growth may be less than we currently anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third parties, including public sources, for data, information and other products and services, and our relationships with such third parties may not be successful or may change, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our products and services rely upon data, information and services obtained from third-party providers and public sources. Such data, information and services are made available to our customers or are integrated for our customers use 
 16 

through information and technology solutions provided by us and third-party service providers. We have commercial relationships with third-party providers whose capabilities complement our own and, in some cases, these providers are also our competitors. The priorities and objectives of these providers, particularly those that are our competitors, may differ from ours, which may make us vulnerable to unpredicted price increases, unfavorable licensing terms and other adverse circumstances. Agreements with such third-party providers periodically come up for renewal or renegotiation, and there is a risk that such negotiations may result in different rights and restrictions, which could impact or eliminate our customers use of the content. In addition, as the number of products and services in our markets increases and the functionality of these products and services further overlaps with third-party products and services, we may become increasingly subject to claims by a third party that our products and services infringe on such party s IP rights. Moreover, providers that are not currently our competitors may become competitors or be acquired by or merge with a competitor in the future, any of which could reduce our access to the information and technology solutions provided by those companies. If we do not maintain, or obtain the expected benefits from, our relationships with third-party providers or if a substantial number of our third-party providers or any key service providers were to withdraw their services, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer products and services to our customers may be negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 If we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data, or if the expert analysis we produce contains any material errors or omissions, we could experience reduced demand for our products and services. 
 
 Our success depends on our customers confidence in the depth, breadth, and accuracy of our data. The task of establishing and maintaining accurate data is challenging and expensive. The depth, breadth, and accuracy of our data differentiates us from our competitors. If our data, including the data we obtain from third parties and our data extraction, structuring, and analytics are not current, accurate, comprehensive, or reliable, or if any expert analysis we produce contains material errors or omissions, customers could have negative experiences, which in turn would reduce the likelihood of customers renewing or upgrading their subscriptions and our reputation could be harmed, making it more difficult to obtain new customers. 
 
 Our ability to introduce new features, integrations, capabilities, and enhancements is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we do not adequately fund our research and development efforts, or if our research and development investments do not translate into material enhancements to our products and services, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 To remain competitive, we must continue to develop or acquire and implement new features, integrations, and capabilities to our products and services. This is particularly true as we further expand and diversify our capabilities to address additional applications and markets. Maintaining adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate personnel and development technology, to meet the demands of the market is essential. If we are unable to develop features, integrations, and capabilities internally due to certain constraints, such as employee turnover, lack of management ability, or a lack of other research and development resources, our business may be harmed. 
 
 Moreover, research and development projects can be technically challenging and expensive. The nature of these research and development cycles may cause us to experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with research and development and the time we are able to offer compelling features, integrations, capabilities, and enhancements and generate revenue, if any, from such investment. Anticipated demand for a feature, integration, capability, or enhancement we are developing could decrease after the development cycle has commenced, and we would nonetheless be unable to avoid substantial costs associated with the development of any such feature, integration, capability, or enhancement. Additionally, we may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that could affect the length of these research and development cycles that could further delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of features, integrations, capabilities, and enhancements. If we expend a significant amount of resources on research and development and our efforts do not lead to the successful introduction or improvement of features, integrations, and capabilities that are competitive, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 17 

Further, our competitors may expend more on their respective research and development programs or may be acquired by larger companies that would allocate greater resources to our competitors research and development programs or our competitors may be more efficient or effective in their research and development activities. We can expect continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, data matching, data filtering, data predicting, and other database technologies and the use of the internet. These improvements, as well as changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements, may require changes in the technology used to gather and process our data. Our failure to maintain adequate research and development resources or to compete effectively with the research and development programs of our competitors would give an advantage to such competitors and may harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our pricing and product bundling strategy may not meet customers price expectations or may adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 Demand for our products and services is generally sensitive to price. Our approach to pricing and bundling our products and services has had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our revenues and profit margins. In addition, our competitors pricing and marketing strategies are beyond our control and could significantly affect the results of our pricing strategies. If we fail to meet our customers price expectations or develop attractive and easily marketable product bundles, or if we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors when they engage in aggressive pricing strategies or other competitive activities, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Increased accessibility to free or relatively inexpensive information sources that offer comparable value to customers may reduce demand for our products and services. 
 
 In recent years, more public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become available, particularly through the Internet, and this trend is expected to continue. For example, the US Congress, state legislatures, the European Union and other federal, state, local and foreign government and regulatory agencies have increased the amount of information they make publicly available at no cost. Public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce demand for our products and services if such information sources become more easily searchable, digestible and actionable without structuring by technology such as ours. Our results of operations would be adversely affected if our customers choose to use these public sources as a substitute for our products or services. 
 
 Larger and more well-funded companies with access to significant resources, large amounts of data or data collection methods, and sophisticated technologies may shift their business model to become our direct competitors. 
 
 Companies in related industries, such as Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, RELX, MSCI, Gartner, and S P, may choose to compete with us and would immediately have access to greater resources and brand recognition. We cannot anticipate how rapidly such a potential competitor could create products or services that would take significant market share from us or even surpass our products or services in quality. The entry of a large, well-funded competitor in our space could reduce demand for our products and services or reduce the price we can demand from new customers or for subscription renewals or upgrades from existing customers, negatively affecting our revenue and profitability. 
 
 If we fail to protect and maintain our brands, our ability to attract and retain customers will be impaired, our reputation may be harmed, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may suffer. 
 
 We have developed or acquired a family of brands, that have contributed significantly to the success of our businesses. We believe that maintaining and promoting our brands in a cost-effective manner is critical to expanding our base of customers and retaining our existing customers. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brands and the reputation of our businesses will depend on our ability to provide useful, reliable, secure, and innovative products and services, to maintain trust, and to provide a consistent, high-quality customer experience. 
 
 We may introduce, or make changes to, features, products, services, privacy practices, or terms of service that customers do not like, which may materially and adversely affect one or more of our brands. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our businesses could be materially and adversely harmed. 
 18 

Harm to our brands can arise from many sources, including failure by us or our partners and service providers to satisfy expectations of service and quality, inadequate protection or misuse of information with respect to customers government affairs strategies, personally identifiable information, compliance failures and claims, regulatory inquiries and enforcement, rumors, litigation and other claims, misconduct by our partners, employees or other counterparties, and actual or perceived failure to adequately address the environmental, social, and governance ESG expectations of our various stakeholders, any of which could lead to a tarnished reputation and loss of customers. 
 
 Any negative publicity about our industry or our company, the quality and reliability of our products and services, our compliance and risk management processes, changes to our products and services, our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer complaints, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, litigation, regulatory licensing and infrastructure, and the experience of our customers with our products or services could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and use of our products and services. If we do not successfully maintain strong and trusted brands, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We have a significant portion of our revenue to U.S. and foreign government agencies and other highly regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 
 We derive a portion of our revenue from contracts with government organizations (primarily but not solely U.S. -based), and we believe the success and growth of our business will in part depend on adding additional public sector customers. However, demand from government organizations is often unpredictable, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or grow our revenue from the public sector. Sales to government entities are subject to substantial additional risks that are not present in sales to other customers, including: 
 selling to government agencies can be more highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming than sales to other customers, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that such efforts will generate a sale; 
 U.S., European, or other government certification and audit requirements potentially applicable to our network, including the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) in the U.S., are often difficult and costly to obtain and maintain, and failure to do so will restrict our ability to sell to government customers; 
 government demand and payment for our products may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles, funding authorizations, changes in administration, shifts in government agency spending patterns, delays in the government appropriations or other administrative processes, or government shutdowns or other considerations, such as favoring domestic suppliers over those with significant foreign minority investment, such as ours, especially in the case of notable levels of redemption; 
 governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes and any unfavorable audit could result in fines, civil or criminal liability, further investigations, damage to our reputation, and debarment from further government business; 
 governments often require contract terms that differ from our standard customer arrangements, including terms that can lead to those customers obtaining broader rights in our products than would be expected under a standard commercial contract and terms that can allow for early termination; and 
 governments may demand better pricing terms and public disclosure of such pricing terms, which may harm our ability to negotiate pricing terms with our non-government customers. 
 
 The loss or significant curtailment of any government contracts or subcontracts, whether due to our performance or due to interruptions or changes in governmental funding or administrative processes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, and performance of contracts with the public sector, including U.S. federal, state, and local governmental organizations, which affect how we and our channel partners do business with governmental agencies. Selling our products to the U.S. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, the DOJ and the General Services Administration (the GSA have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with vendors under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with 
 19 

certain provisions of GSA contracts for sales to the federal government. The DOJ and GSA continue to actively pursue such claims. Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, and financial condition. Any inability to address these risks and challenges could reduce the commercial benefit to us or otherwise preclude us from selling subscriptions to our products to government organizations. 
 
 We assist customers in certain legislative and other governmental relations matters, which activities may be deemed to be lobbying efforts. 
 
 To the extent that our services may be activities that constitute lobbying under federal, state, local or foreign laws, we or some of our subsidiaries may have to register under such applicable laws. In addition, some states have so-called procurement lobbying rules that require sales personnel who interact with governmental officials in certain sales activities to register as lobbyists as well. Lobbying laws typically require periodic financial and other reports to be timely made and prohibit some types of contributions, gifts and other expenditures by lobbyists and their affiliates. Any failure to register or to comply with the applicable regulations could subject us, our employees and officers and directors to civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain and evolve our culture as it grows, including through acquisition, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the critical nature of the products and services that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. We have invested in building a strong corporate culture and believe it is one of our most important competitive advantages. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we continue to grow and develop, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our culture. In addition, as our operations become more globally dispersed, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain our corporate culture across geographies. If we fail to maintain our corporate culture, or if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 
 We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including our management and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of such personnel, or of a significant number of team members, could harm our business. 
 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of senior management and key personnel, including our co-founders. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key employees, which could disrupt our business. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis. We may be unable to retain members of senior management or other key employees and may be unable to timely replace such individuals should any of them depart. The loss of one or more of our senior management or other key employees could harm our business. 
 
 If we do not effectively maintain and grow our research and development team with top talent, including employees who are trained in AI, machine learning and advanced algorithms, we may be unable to continue to improve our AI capabilities, and our revenues and other results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled employees, software engineers and other employees with the technical skills in AI, machine learning and advanced algorithms that will enable us to deliver effective products and services. Competition for highly skilled employees in our industry is intense, in particular in the fields of AI and data science, and larger companies with access to more substantial resources pursue such top talent aggressively. 
 
 We may be unable to attract or retain such highly skilled personnel who are critical to our success, which could hinder our ability to keep pace with innovation and technological change in our industry or result in harm to our key customer relationships, loss of key information, expertise or proprietary knowledge and unanticipated recruitment and training costs. The loss of the services of such key employees could make it more difficult to successfully operate our business and pursue our business goals. 
 
 20 

Regulators in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate may limit our ability to develop or implement our proprietary technology and/or may eliminate or restrict the confidentiality of our proprietary technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop and implement our proprietary technology, and to maintain the confidentiality of this technology. Changes to existing regulations, their interpretation or implementation, or new regulations, including in connection with obtaining and extracting data from third parties, could impede our use of this technology, or require that we disclose our proprietary technology to others, including our competitors, which could impair our competitive position and result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Issues in the use of AI (including machine learning) in our platforms may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 
 AI enables or is integrated into some of our platforms and is a significant and potentially growing element of our business. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. Further, AI algorithms may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information. In addition, inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Further, some AI scenarios may present ethical issues. Though our technologies and business practices are designed to mitigate many of these risks, if we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their purported or real impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm. 
 
 Failure to effectively optimize our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base, expand our engagements with existing customers, and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services. 
 
 Our ability to increase our customer base, expand our engagements with existing customers, and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services will significantly depend on our ability to optimize our marketing and sales operations. We plan to dedicate significant resources to sales, marketing and demand-generation teams and programs, including various online marketing activities as well as targeted account-based advertising. We also intend to focus on cross-selling and upselling efforts to grow our engagements at existing clients. The effectiveness of these efforts has varied over time and may vary in the future. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources and if they fail to attract additional customers, our business will be harmed. If our lead generation methods do not result in broader market acceptance of our products and services, we will not realize the intended benefits of this strategy and our business will be harmed. 
 
 We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel, including sales representatives, sales managers and sales engineers, with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend in large part on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, if at all, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, particularly if we continue to grow rapidly, new members of our sales force will have relatively little experience working with us, our products and services and our business model. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, our sales personnel do not reach significant levels of productivity in a timely manner, or our sales personnel are not successful in acquiring new customers or expanding usage by existing customers, our business will be harmed. 
 
 Any failure to offer high-quality support, professional services and information and analysis for our customers may harm our relationships with our customers and, consequently, our business. 
 
 Once our products and services are deployed, our customers sometimes request consulting and training to assist them in integrating our products and services into their business and rely on our customer support personnel to resolve issues and 
 21 

realize the full benefits that our products and services provide. Our ability to provide effective customer support is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel with experience in supporting customers with a cloud solution such as ours and maintaining the same. The number of our customers has grown significantly, which is likely to increase demand for training, support and maintenance related to our products and services and place additional pressure on our customer support teams. If we are unable to provide sufficient high-quality training, integration and maintenance resources, our customers may not effectively integrate our products and services into their business or realize sufficient business value from our products and services to justify further usage, which could impact our future financial performance. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for technical support or maintenance assistance. We also may be unable to modify the future, scope and delivery of our maintenance services and technical support to compete with changes in the technical services provided by our competitors. 
 
 Increased customer demand for support and professional services, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and negatively affect our operating results. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and support our global customer base, we need to be able to continue to provide efficient support and effective maintenance that meets our customers needs globally at scale. Our ability to attract new customers is highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality support services, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support services for our customers, would harm our business. 
 
 Certain of our customers rely on high quality information in the form of research, news and analysis. Our ability to provide these services at the levels our clients expect is dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel. In addition, for certain of these services, our personnel receive special access to the U.S. Congress through the Periodical Press Galleries and Daily Press Galleries. If such access were to be limited or restricted for any reason, our ability to obtain certain information would be hindered, and such event could have a negative impact on our customers perception of the value of our services, thus potentially impacting revenue. 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous legal and regulatory risks that could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We are subject to differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. In certain jurisdictions, we could be a subject to national, state, local, or municipal laws and regulations that are ambiguous in their application or enforcement or that we believe are invalid or inapplicable. This could significantly and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results by restricting or limiting how we operate our business, increasing our operating costs, and decreasing our number of customers. Further, existing or new laws and regulations could expose us to substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary to comply with such laws and regulations, and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have incurred a significant amount of debt, some of which is secured by substantially all of our assets, and may in the future incur additional indebtedness. Our payment obligations under such indebtedness may limit the funds available to us, and the terms of our debt agreements may restrict our flexibility in operating our business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 164.3 million in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which 150.6 million was secured by substantially all of our assets and 13.7 million was unsecured. 
 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, FiscalNote, Inc., our wholly owned indirect subsidiary, entered into a new senior secured term loan facility (the New Senior Term Loan providing for an aggregate principal amount of up to 150.0 million in indebtedness, which refinanced certain indebtedness outstanding prior to the closing on amended terms, as well as potential incremental loan facility of up to an additional 100.0 million upon our satisfaction of certain conditions to the availability thereof. 
 
 The New Senior Term Loan requires monthly cash interest payments. Beginning August 15, 2025, we will also be required to make monthly principal payments of approximately 3.1 million through the maturity date, July 15, 2027 (excluding any amounts drawn on the uncommitted incremental loan facility, which at December 31, 2022 we had not drawn down on the uncommitted incremental loan facility). Upon maturity, we will then be required to repay the then outstanding balance. Accordingly, a portion of our future cash flows from operations will be required to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness. Such payments will reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital 
 22 

expenditures, and other corporate purposes and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion plans, and other investments, which may in turn limit our ability to implement our business strategy, heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business, the industry, or in the general economy, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry, and prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future financing will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to make required and timely payments on our indebtedness, or to fund our operations. 
 
 Under our New Senior Term Loan, we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to financial maintenance covenants and restrictive covenants limiting our business and operations, including limitations on incurring additional indebtedness and liens, limitations on certain consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets, and restrictions on the payment of dividends or distributions. We may be unable to comply with any financial maintenance covenants and/or restrictive covenants which may result in a default under the New Senior Term Loan (See Part II, Item 8, Note 9 - Debt. ). In the future, any debt financing obtained by us could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions or divestitures. Any default under our debt arrangements could require that we repay or refinance such indebtedness immediately. In such event, we may be unable to repay our indebtedness or refinance such indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We recently announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2023 in conjunction with the acquisition of Dragonfly Eye Limited Dragonfly that the Company issued approximately 9.0 million pounds in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes (the Dragonfly Convertible Notes to eligible sellers in the transaction. The Dragonfly Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.0 per annum payable in kind in arrears. During the term of each Dragonfly Convertible Note, the principal amount thereof and accrued interest thereon will be convertible into the Company's Class A Common Stock in the following scenarios: 
 
 beginning on the 18-month anniversary of the date of issuance (the Issuance Date ), a holder may convert, at its option, at the initial conversion price of 10.00 per share of Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Price ); 
 beginning on the 18-month anniversary of the Issuance Date, the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Dragonfly Convertible Notes may elect to convert the aggregate principal amount of all Dragonfly Convertible Notes, and accrued interest thereon, into Class A Common Stock at the Conversion Price; 
 subject to certain limitations, if the VWAP of the Company's Class A Common Stock during any five consecutive trading day period following August 2, 2023 exceeds 11.50 per share, the Company may elect to convert all of the Dragonfly Convertible Notes into the Company's Class A Common Stock at the Conversion Price; and 
 after August 2, 2023, the Company may elect to convert the Dragonfly Convertible Notes into Class A Common Stock at a price per share equal to the current VWAP of the the Company's Class A Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, we recently announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2023 that we entered into a term sheet with GPO FN Noteholder LLC (the Disputing Lender to issue a subordinated convertible promissory note in the initial principal amount of 46,794 (the New Note which would bear interest at a rate of 7.50 per annum in order to settle certain claims asserted by the Disputing Lender with respect to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock received as a result of the Business Combination. If we successfully negotiate and enter into the definitive agreements related to such convertible note, our total leverage will increase and the note may be dilutive to our existing shareholders in connection with a future conversion event. 
 
 We are involved in legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could expose us to monetary damages or limit the ability to operate our business. 
 
 We have in the past been, and may in the future be, involved in private actions, investigations, and various other legal proceedings by customers, employees, lenders, commercial partners, competitors, or government agencies, among others, relating to, for example, wrongful act, subrogation, employment or labor-related disputes such as wrongful termination of employment, assisting in, inducement of or involvement in breach of restrictive covenants, non-disclosure or confidentiality obligations by our employees, consumer complaints, contractual disputes with customers or suppliers, 
 23 

disputes with third parties and regulatory inquiries. The results of any such litigation, investigations, and legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and may be expensive. For example, we may not successfully enter into definitive documentation with the Disputing Lender with respect to its claim even after undertaking significant time and an incurring significant expense to do so. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, costly, and harmful to our reputation, and could require significant amounts of management time and corporate resources. If any of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, or we were to enter into any settlement arrangement, we could be exposed to monetary damages or be forced to change the way in which it operates its business or restricts its solicitation with potential customers or employees, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our projections and key performance metrics are subject to significant risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. As a result, our financial and operating results may differ materially from our expectations. 
 
 We operate in a rapidly changing and competitive industry, and its projections and calculations of key operating metrics are subject to the risks and assumptions made by our management with respect to our industry. Operating results are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on a number of factors, including the competition we face, as well as our ability to attract and retain customers while generating sustained revenues through product and service offerings. Additionally, our business and its ability to generate revenue may be affected by reductions in customer spending and investing from time to time as a result of a number of factors, which may be difficult to predict. We may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in income. Any of these factors could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected, which makes creating accurate forecasts and budgets challenging. As a result, we may fall materially short of our forecasts and expectations, including with respect to our key operating metrics, which could cause our stock price to decline and investors to lose confidence in us, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts included herein are based on data published by third parties and on internally generated data and assumptions, which are subject to significant uncertainty and limitations and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate, reliable or complete. We have not independently verified any third-party information and cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. While we believe our market size estimates are reasonable, such information is inherently imprecise. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecasted herein, our business could fail to grow for a variety of reasons, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 
 Our use of any open-source software under restrictive licenses could: (i) adversely affect our ability to license and commercialize certain elements of our proprietary code based on the commercial terms of our choosing; (ii) result in a loss of our trade secrets or other intellectual property rights with respect to certain portions of our proprietary code; and (iii) subject us to litigation and other disputes. 
 
 We have incorporated certain third-party open-source software OSS or modified OSS into elements of our proprietary code base in connection with the development of our products and services. In general, this OSS has been incorporated and is used pursuant to permissive OSS licenses, which are designed to be compatible with our use and commercialization of our own proprietary code base. However, we have also incorporated and use some OSS under restrictive OSS licenses. Under these restrictive OSS licenses, we could be required to release to the public the source code of certain elements of our proprietary software that: (i) incorporate OSS or modified OSS in a certain manner; and (ii) have been conveyed or distributed to the public, or with which the public interacts. Although we monitor our use of OSS, in addition to the use of OSS that we are aware of, there is a risk that OSS will be inadvertently or impermissibly incorporated into our software, including by our developers or service providers. In some cases, we may be required to ensure that elements of our proprietary software are licensed to the public on the terms set out in the relevant OSS license or at no cost. This could allow competitors to use certain elements of our proprietary software on a relatively unrestricted basis, or develop similar software at a lower cost. In addition, open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties for their open-source software, and the open-source software may contain security vulnerabilities that we must actively manage or patch. It may be necessary for us to commit substantial resources to remediate our use of OSS under restrictive OSS licenses, for example by engineering alternative or work-around code. 
 
 24 

There is an increasing number of open-source software license types, and the terms under many of these licenses are unclear or ambiguous, and have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and therefore, the potential impact of such licenses on our business is not fully known or predictable. As a result, these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our own proprietary code (and in particular the elements of our proprietary code which incorporates OSS or modified OSS). Furthermore, we could become subject to lawsuits or claims challenging our use of open-source software or compliance with open-source license terms. If unsuccessful in these lawsuits or claims, we could face IP infringement or other liabilities, be required to seek costly licenses from third parties for the continued use of third-party IP, be required to re-engineer elements of our proprietary code base (e.g., for the sake of avoiding third-party IP infringement), discontinue or delay the use of infringing aspects of our proprietary code base (such as if re-engineering is not feasible), or disclose and make generally available, in source code form, certain elements of our proprietary code. Any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to successfully complete any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts. 
 
 More broadly, the use of OSS can give rise to greater risks than the use of commercially acquired software, since open-source licensors usually limit their liability in respect of the use of the OSS, and do not provide support, warranties, indemnifications or other contractual protections regarding the use of the OSS, which would ordinarily be provided in the context of commercially acquired software. 
 
 Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the value of certain elements of our proprietary code base, and its ability to enforce its intellectual property rights in such code base against third parties. In turn, this could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We may not be able to adequately obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our proprietary and intellectual property rights in our data or technology. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our and our licensors success in obtaining and maintaining effective intellectual property protection. We may be unsuccessful in adequately protecting our intellectual property. We may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable intellectual property applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. Any failure to obtain or maintain patent and other intellectual property protection may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on our proprietary technology, intellectual property and services for our success and ability to compete. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and other parties with whom we have relationships and who may have access to confidential or other protectable aspects of our research and development outputs, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We cannot guarantee employees, consultants, or other parties will comply with confidentiality, non-disclosure, or invention assignment agreements or that such agreements will otherwise be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and services, or certain aspects of our products and services, and proprietary information. Additionally, we may be subject to claims from third parties challenging our ownership interest in or inventorship of intellectual property we regard as our own, for example, based on claims that its agreements with employees or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations to assign inventions to another employer, to a former employer, or to another person or entity. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing products and services that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products and services. Additionally, certain unauthorized use of our intellectual property may go undetected, or we may face legal or practical barriers to enforcing our legal rights even where unauthorized use is detected. 
 
 Our applications for registration of patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be approved. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties in the course of business, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such outputs before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek and obtain patent protection. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions, and under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our developments before it is too late to obtain patent protection. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain 
 25 

valid and enforceable patents depends in part on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow its inventions to be patentable over the prior art. 
 
 In addition, we rely substantially upon trademarks to build and maintain the integrity of our brands. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared unenforceable or determined to be violating or infringing on other intellectual property rights. We may not be able to sufficiently protect or successfully enforce our rights to these trademarks and trade names. 
 
 Current law may not provide for adequate protection of our data or technology. In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our technology, or certain aspects of our technology, or our data may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. Further, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate. To the extent we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our data or technology, or certain aspects of our data or technology, may increase. Further, competitors, foreign governments, foreign government-backed actors, criminals, or other third parties may gain unauthorized access to our data and technology. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 
 To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights, and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by our customers or third parties. Litigation has been and may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce its intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our products and services, impair the functionality of our products and services, delay introductions of new features, integrations, and capabilities, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies, or injure our reputation. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new features, integrations, and capabilities, and we cannot be certain that we could license that technology on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our inability to license this technology could harm our ability to compete. 
 
 We may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims including alleged infringement, misappropriation or other violation of proprietary intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the patents and other proprietary intellectual property rights of third parties. This is generally referred to as having the freedom to operate. Because we have only conducted routine searches related to third party patent filings and publications and have not conducted an in-depth freedom to operate search, which is time consuming and costly, we may not be aware of issued patents that a third party might assert are infringed by our current products and services, which could materially impair our ability to commercialize our current or any future products and services. Even if we diligently search third-party intellectual property for potential infringement by our current or any future products and services, we may not successfully find intellectual property that our current or any future products and services may infringe. If we are unable to secure and maintain the freedom to operate, third parties could preclude us from commercializing our current or future products and services. There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our market, and litigation, based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property, is frequent in internet-based industries. We may receive communications from third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. 
 
 In addition, we may be sued by third parties for breach of contract, defamation, negligence, unfair competition, or patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation, or claims based on other theories, which may or may not be brought without merit. We could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our website and other outlets through links to other websites or information on our website or other 
 26 

outlets supplied by third parties or claims that our alleged collection of information from third-party sites without a license violates certain federal or state laws or website terms of use. We could also be subject to claims that the collection or provision of certain information breached laws or regulations relating to privacy or data protection. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property claims, interference proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings, both in the United States and internationally, involve complex legal and factual questions. As a result, such proceedings are lengthy, costly and time-consuming, and their outcome is highly uncertain. We may become involved in protracted and expensive litigation in order to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others, or to determine whether we have the freedom to operate with respect to the intellectual property rights of others. 
 If we are found to infringe a third-party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third-party to continue developing and marketing our current and any future products or services. We may also elect to enter into such a license to settle pending or threatened litigation. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us and could require us to pay significant royalties and other fees. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing products or services. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, which may be significant. If we are found to have willfully infringed a third-party patent, we could be required to pay treble damages and attorneys fees. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our planned products or services in commercially important jurisdictions, or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could harm our business. 
 
 Even if we are successful in defending against intellectual property claims, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to such claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 
 Furthermore, our agreements with some of our customers, suppliers or other entities with whom we do business may require us to defend or indemnify these parties to the extent they become involved in infringement claims, including the types of claims described above. We could also voluntarily agree to defend or indemnify third parties in instances where we are not obligated to do so if we determine it would be beneficial to our business relationships. If any of these claims succeed or settle, we may be forced to pay damages or settlement payments on behalf of our customers, suppliers or other entities, or may be required to obtain licenses. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products or services. If we are required or agree to defend or indemnify third parties in connection with any infringement claims, we could incur significant costs and expenses that could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, there are potential issues around possible ownership rights in personal data, which is subject to evolving regulatory oversight. As a result of any claims against us regarding suspected infringement, our technologies may be subject to injunction, we may be required to pay damages, or we may have to seek a license to continue certain practices (which may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all), all of which may significantly increase our operating expenses or may require us to restrict our business activities and limit our ability to deliver our products and services and/or certain features, integrations, and capabilities of our products and services. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense and/or cause it to alter our products or services, which could negatively affect our business. Further, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, so any alleged infringement by us resulting in claims against such customers would increase our liability. 
 
 Our exposure to risks associated with various claims, including the use of intellectual property, may increase due to acquisitions of other companies. For example, we may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks with respect to the acquired company or technology. In addition, third parties may make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to such acquisition. 
 
 We are subject to sanctions, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and harm our business and reputation. 
 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws, the United Kingdom Bribery Act and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. 
 27 

Due to the international scope of our operations, we must comply with these laws in each jurisdiction where we operate. Additionally, many anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, have long-arm statutes that can expand the applicability of these laws to our operations worldwide. Accordingly, we must incur significant operational costs to support our ongoing compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws at all levels of our business. If we fail to comply with these laws, we may be subject to significant penalties. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. As we increase our international and public sector sales and businesses, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our products and services and to obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries and our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 
 While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot guarantee that all of our employees and agents will comply with our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 
 Detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 
 We may be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our international sales are generally denominated in foreign currencies, and these revenues could be materially affected by currency fluctuations as we expand our international operations. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Our results of operations may be impacted by transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain monetary asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Moreover, significant and unforeseen changes in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to fail to achieve our stated projections for revenues and operating income, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. We will continue to experience fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which, if material, may harm our revenues or results of operations as we expand our international operations. 
 
 We have entered into certain licensing agreements and other strategic relationships with third parties. These agreements and relationships may not continue and we may not be successful in entering into other similar agreements and relationships. If we fail to maintain our current licensing agreements or establish new relationships, it could result in loss of revenue and harm our business and financial condition or inability for us to use the intellectual property licensed to us by the applicable third party. 
 
 We have licensed certain components of our technologies from third parties and rely upon such licenses, in part, for the successful development and commercialization of certain technologies, products services. The success of certain of our products and services may depend on maintaining successful relationships with our third-party license partners. If such license agreements were to terminate prematurely or if we breach the terms of any licenses or otherwise fails to maintain such licenses, we may lose the ability to offer certain products and services that use such licenses. If there are no active statements of work, counterparties may have the right to terminate such license agreements for its convenience. In addition, we may need to obtain licenses to additional technologies in the future in order to keep our products and services competitive. If we fail to license or otherwise acquire and maintain necessary technologies, we may not be able to develop new products and services necessary to remain competitive. 
 28 

We also license our intellectual property for use by third party partners in exchange for payment obligations to us. If any of these license agreements expire or terminate prematurely, we would lose the revenue we receive in connection with such payment obligation. Further, we may, from time to time, elect to enter into exclusive licensing arrangements of portions of our content, which may limit our ability to enter into alternative licensing arrangements that may be more advantageous to us in the future. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. While we are working to remediate any material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 
 
 We have historically had a small internal accounting and finance staff. This lack of adequate accounting resources has resulted in the identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, including material weaknesses identified in connection with the audit of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the audits of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our management team identified the following material weaknesses: 
 we did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, processes, and controls for (a) analyzing, accounting for and disclosing certain complex transactions, (b) accounting for income tax provision, (c) valuation of financial instruments, (d) preparation and disclosure of earnings per share, (e) accounting for loss contingencies, and (f) controls over administrative access to our accounting and finance systems and system change management. 
 
 We are committed to remediating the material weaknesses described above and have been proactively working through remediation efforts in 2022. We initiated and implemented several remediation measures including, but not limited to: hiring a CPA licensed Chief Accounting Officer and additional accounting staff with requisite background and knowledge, engaging third parties to assist us in complying with the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex transactions, and assist us with formalizing our business processes, accounting policies and internal control documentation, strengthening supervisory reviews by our management, and evaluating the effectiveness of our internal controls in accordance with the framework established by Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. While our efforts are ongoing, we plan to continue to take additional steps to remediate the material weaknesses, improve our financial reporting systems, and implement new policies, procedures, and controls; however, we cannot guarantee those measures will prevent or detect material weaknesses in the future. 
 
 Although we have initiated our remediation efforts, identified material weaknesses continue to exist as of the date of this filing. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we, or our independent registered accounting firm, will not identify new material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future. 
 
 As a private company, Legacy FiscalNote did not endeavor to establish and/or maintain public company-quality internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting as a public company, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our shares may decline. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 404 and in light of SEC guidance, management is required to report our assessment of internal control over financial reporting beginning with coverage of the first full fiscal year following the Business Combination (in our case, the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023), and if and when FiscalNote becomes an accelerated filer or large accelerated filer who is not eligible to be a smaller reporting company and has annual revenues of at least 100.0 million (and ceases to be an emerging growth company), an attestation of the independent registered public accounting firm will also be required. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act and any complex 
 29 

accounting rules in the future, we may need to upgrade our legacy information technology systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, and hire additional accounting and finance staff or retain additional outside consultants. 
 
 Legacy FiscalNote historically identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and we cannot guarantee that there will be none for us in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 
 Our risk management processes and procedures may not be effective. 
 
 We are commencing work to adopt comprehensive risk management processes and procedures in 2023. While we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and control certain types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, strategic risk, operational risk, cybersecurity risk, and reputational risk, those procedures may not be effective. 
 
 Risk is inherent in our business, and therefore, despite our efforts to manage risk, there can be no assurance that we will not sustain unexpected losses. We could incur substantial losses and our business operations could be disrupted to the extent our business model, operational processes, control functions, technological capabilities, risk analyses, and business/product knowledge do not adequately identify and manage potential risks associated with our strategic initiatives. There also may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated, including when processes are changed or new products and services are introduced. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify and control its risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We operate in competitive markets and may be adversely affected by this competition. 
 
 The markets for our products and services are competitive and are subject to rapid technological changes and evolving customer demands and needs. We compete on the basis of various factors, including the quality of the insights that our products and services deliver, the quality of our competitors solutions, customers perception of our products and services relative to the value that they deliver, and the quality of our user interfaces and the overall customer experience. 
 
 Some of our principal competitors are established companies that have substantial financial resources, recognized brands, technological expertise and market experience, and these competitors may have more established positions in certain product lines and geographies than we do. We also compete with smaller and sometimes newer companies, some of which are specialized with a narrower focus than our company, and face competition from enterprise information services and legal and regulatory information companies. 
 
 Our competitors may be able to adopt new or emerging technologies or address customer requirements more quickly than we can. New and emerging technologies can also have the impact of allowing start-up companies to enter the market more quickly than they would have been able to in the past. We may also face increased competition from companies that could pose a threat to our business by providing more in-depth offerings, adapting their products and services to meet the demands of their customers or combining with one of their competitors to enhance their products and services. A number of our principal competitors may continue to make acquisitions as a means to improve the competitiveness of their offerings. In order to better serve the needs of our existing customers and to attract new customers, we must continue to: 
 enhance and improve our existing products and services (such as by adding new content); 
 develop new products and services; 
 invest in technology; and 
 30 

strategically acquire additional businesses and partner with other businesses in key sectors that will allow us to offer a broader array of products and services. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully is also impacted by the growing availability of information from government information systems and other free sources, as well as competitors who aggressively market their products as a lower cost alternative. See Increased accessibility to free or relatively inexpensive information sources that offer comparable value to customers may reduce demand for our products and services . Because some of our competitors may be able to offer products and services that may be more cost effective than ours, including through the provision of price incentives for new customers, and because some of our competitors products and services may be seen as having greater functionality or performance than ours, the relative value of some of our products or services could be diminished. In addition, some of our competitors combine competing products with complementary products as packaged solutions, which could preempt use of our products or services. Competition from such free or lower cost sources may require us to reduce the price of some of our products and services (which may result in lower revenues) or make additional capital investments (which might result in lower profit margins). If we are unable or unwilling to reduce prices or make additional investments in the future, we may lose customers and our financial results may be adversely affected. In addition, implementation of annual price increases by us from time to time may also, in some cases, cause customers to use lower-cost competitors. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations in the various tax jurisdictions to which we are subject that are applied adversely to us or our customers could increase the costs of our products and services and harm our business. 
 
 New income, sales, use, or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time. Those enactments could harm our domestic and international business operations and our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us. These events could require us or our customers to pay additional tax amounts on a prospective or retroactive basis, as well as require us or our customers to pay fines and/or penalties and interest for past amounts deemed to be due. If we raise our prices to offset the costs of these changes, existing and potential future paying customers may elect not to purchase our products and services in the future. Additionally, new, changed, modified, or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance, operating, and other costs, as well as the costs of our products and services. Further, these events could decrease the capital we have available to operate our business. Any or all of these events could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The application of U.S. federal, state, local, and international tax laws to services provided electronically is continually evolving. Existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted or applied adversely to us, possibly with retroactive effect, which could require us or our paying customers to pay additional tax amounts, as well as require us or our paying customers to pay fines or penalties, as well as interest for past amounts. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes due from our paying customers, we could be held liable for such costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and harming our business. 
 
 As a company with international operations, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws, the application of which can be uncertain. The taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents, which could harm our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, authorities in these jurisdictions could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest, and penalties, and they could claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or assert that benefits of tax treaties are not available to us, any of which could harm us and our results of operations. 
 
 Information Technology and Data Risks 
 
 Cyberattacks, security, privacy, or data breaches or other security incidents that affect our networks or systems, or those of our service providers, involving our or our customers sensitive, personal, classified or confidential information could expose us to liability under various laws and regulations across jurisdictions, decrease trust in us 
 31 

and our products and services, increase the risk of litigation and governmental investigation, and harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. 
 
 Threats to network and data security are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Our products and services, as well as our servers and computer systems and those of third parties that we rely on in our operations could be vulnerable to cybersecurity risks. As such, we may be subject to risks inherent to companies that process personal data. An increasing number of organizations have disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks. 
 
 We implement measures to protect sensitive and personal data in accordance with our contracts, data protection laws and consumer laws. However, we may be subject to data breaches involving factors beyond its control, including data breach incidents suffered by third parties with which we contract or interact. Any technical problems that may arise in connection with our data and systems, including those that are hosted by third-party providers, could result in interruptions to our business and operations or exposure to security vulnerabilities. These types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, intentional or accidental human actions or omissions, software errors, malware, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. From time to time, large third-party web hosting providers may experience outages or other problems that would result in their systems being offline and inaccessible, which could materially impact our business and operations. 
 
 The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of critical customer and business information are vital to our operations and our business strategy, and although we devote significant resources to protecting such information and take what we believe to be reasonable and appropriate measures to protect sensitive information from compromises such as unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification or lack of availability, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Although we maintain, and are in the process of improving, internal access control mechanisms and other security measures to ensure secure and appropriate access to and storage and use of our sensitive, business, personal, financial or confidential information by anyone including our employees, contractors and consultants, these mechanisms may not be entirely effective or fully complied with internally. We may in the future identify data protection issues requiring remediation and updates to our data security measures and compliance functions. Any misappropriation of sensitive information could harm our relationship with customers and cause us to incur financial liability and reputational harm. If any person, including any of our employees, improperly breaches our network security or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates sensitive data, we could be subject to regulatory actions and significant fines or lawsuits for breaching contractual confidentiality or data protection provisions, which could result in negative publicity, legal liability, loss of customers and damage to our reputation. 
 
 Because the techniques used by an individual or a group to obtain unauthorized access, make unwarranted alteration to our data, disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are often complex, not easily recognizable and evasive, We may not be able to anticipate these techniques and implement adequate preventative measures. Such individuals or groups may be able to circumvent our security measures (including, but not limited to, through the deployment of harmful phishing attacks, malware infection, ransomware, system intrusion, misuse of systems, website defacement, social engineering and denial of service attacks) and may improperly access or misappropriate confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information held by us or on our behalf , disrupt our operations, damage our computers, or otherwise damage our business. Although we have developed or deployed systems and processes that are designed to protect our servers, platform and data, including sensitive data, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be effective at all times. Our efforts may be hindered due to, for example: 
 government surveillance, regulatory requirements or other external events; 
 software bugs or other technical errors or issues; 
 errors or misconduct of employees, contractors or others; 
 the rapidly evolving threat landscape; and 
 inadequate or failed internal processes or business practice. 
 
 While we are investing significant resources to protect against or remediate cybersecurity threats or breaches, or to mitigate the impact of any breaches or threats, we may still be subject to potential liability in connection therewith. Actual or perceived breaches of our security could subject us to regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, indemnity obligations, damages, penalties, fines and other costs in connection with actual and alleged contractual breaches, 
 32 

violations of applicable laws and regulations and other liabilities. Any such incident could also materially damage our reputation and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We maintain errors, omissions, and cyber liability insurance policies covering certain security and privacy damages. However, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Any of the foregoing could subject us to fines, scrutiny and legal actions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We depend on third parties for data, information and other services, and our ability to serve our customers could be adversely impacted if such third parties fail to fulfill their obligations, if we are unable to effectively manage and minimize errors, failures, interruptions or delays caused by third parties or if our arrangements with them are terminated and suitable replacements cannot be found on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 Interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including providers of datasets relevant to our products, data center hosting facilities, internet infrastructure, cloud computing platform providers, and other hardware and software vendors, or our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm its business. 
 
 We currently serve our customers through the use of third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers. Damage to, or failure of, these systems, or systems upon which they depend such as internet infrastructure, could cause interruptions in our services. We have occasionally experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. Such interruptions may cause customers to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our customer renewal and upgrade performance and our ability to attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. 
 
 We do not control the operation of third-party facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, and similar misconduct, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and litigation to stop, limit, or delay operation. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. 
 
 These hardware, software, data, and cloud computing systems may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, or cloud computing systems could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license, and integrated into our services. 
 
 Technical problems or disruptions affecting customers access to our services, or the software, internal applications, databases, and network systems underlying our services, could damage our reputation and brands and lead to reduced demand for our products and services, lower revenues, and increased costs. 
 
 Our business, brands, reputation, and ability to attract and retain users and customers depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of our products and services, which in turn depend upon the availability of the internet and our service providers. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), could affect the security and availability of our products and services on its websites and prevent or inhibit the ability of users to access our products and services. In addition, the software, internal applications, and systems underlying our products and services are complex and may not be error-free. We may encounter technical problems when it attempts to enhance its products, services and systems. Any inefficiencies, errors, or technical problems with our systems could reduce the quality of our products and services or interfere with our customers use of its products and services, which could reduce demand, lower our revenues, and increase our costs. 
 
 Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes, 
 33 

and similar events. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to or failure of our systems. These risks may be heightened for operations at facilities outside of our direct control, and the majority of the communications, network, and computer hardware used to operate the cloud for our platforms are located at facilities maintained by Amazon, Google and Salesforce, among others, which we do not own or control. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 Our Co-Founders hold shares of FiscalNote Class B Common Stock, entitled to twenty-five (25) votes per share, which limits or precludes other stockholders ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, the approval of certain employee compensation plans, the adoption of amendments to our organizational documents and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. 
 
 Our Class B Common Stock have twenty-five (25) votes per share, and our Class A Common Stock have one vote per share. Mr. Tim Hwang, our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Gerald Yao, our Co-Founder, Chief Strategy Officer and Global Head of ESG (together our Co-Founders ), together hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, which represent approximately 6.3 our common stock as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, where a majority or plurality vote is required, as applicable, Mr. Hwang holds approximately 53.8 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock and Mr. Yao holds approximately 8.9 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Therefore, our Co-Founders will be able to determine the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors (which requires only a plurality vote), amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. After the expiration of applicable lock-up requirements, our Co-Founders would cease to hold a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock if they disposed of shares of Class B Common Stock representing approximately 2.5 of our outstanding common stock, in transactions other than Permitted Transfers as defined in our certificate of incorporation Charter ), assuming no other issuances of either Class A or Class B Common Stock have occurred since Closing and prior to such dispositions. Our Co-Founders, individually or together, may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. Any future issuance of Class B Common Stock may be dilutive to holders of Class A Common Stock. For information about our dual-class structure, see Note 10, Stockholders' Equity. 
 
 Our dual-class structure may negatively impact the stock trading price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Our dual-class structure may result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. In July 2017, FTSE Russell and S P Dow Jones announced that they would cease to allow most newly public companies with dual or multi-class capital structures to be included in their indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400 and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Under the foregoing policies, our dual-class capital structure would make it ineligible for inclusion in those indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices will not be investing in our stock. These policies are subject to change and it is as of yet unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Because of our dual-class structure, we will likely be excluded from certain of these indexes and we cannot guarantee that certain other stock indexes will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indexes, exclusion from stock indexes would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to other investors. Additionally, the holding of low-voting stock, such as our Class A Common Stock, may not be permitted by the investment policies of certain institutional investors or may be less attractive to the portfolio managers of certain institutional investors. As a result, the market price or liquidity of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. 
 
 34 

We are a controlled company under NYSE rules, and as a result, our stockholders may not have certain corporate protections that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 
 
 As a result of our dual-class structure, our Co-Founders control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock therefore we are a controlled company under NYSE rules. As a controlled company, we are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including those that would otherwise require our board of directors Board to have a majority of independent directors and its compensation and nominating and governance committees to be comprised entirely of independent directors, have written charters addressing such committee s purpose and responsibilities and perform an annual evaluation of such committee. While we do not presently intend to rely on these exemptions, we may opt to utilize these exemptions in the future as long as we remain a controlled company. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of our Class A Common Stock into the public market or the perception that such sales might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock into the public market or the perception that such sales might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline and may make it more difficult for you to sell your Class A Common Stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 
 
 As of January 29, 2023, approximately 87.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock were released from the lock-up periods imposed in connection with the Business Combination, with approximately 11.9 of our outstanding shares of common stock still subject to lock-up until July 29, 2023. Sales of our common stock following the expiration of the lock-up periods or pursuant to exercise of registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 
 
 The Warrants may never be in the money, and may expire worthless. 
 
 The effective exercise price of the Warrants is 7.32 per share. We believe the likelihood that warrant holders will exercise the Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. If the trading price for our shares of Class A Common Stock is less than 7.32 per share, we believe holders of the Warrants will be unlikely to exercise their Warrants. On December 31, 2022, the closing price of our Class A Common Stock on the NYSE was 6.33 per share. There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money following the time they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless and we may receive no proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants. 
 
 We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
 
 We became a public company following the consummation of the Business Combination, and as such (and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company ), will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that Legacy FiscalNote did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of the NYSE, including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules and regulations can be burdensome. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our historical legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly, such as attracting and retaining qualified members of our Board as compared to Legacy FiscalNote as a private company. 
 
 We may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff or engage outside consultants with public company experience and technical accounting knowledge, and maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating 
 35 

expenses. Moreover, we could incur additional compensation costs if we decide to pay cash compensation comparable to other publicly-listed companies, which would increase our general and administrative expenses and could adversely affect our profitability. We are evaluating these rules and regulations and related matters, and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our Class A Common Stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our Class A Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about it or its business. We do not control these analysts. If any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our Class A Common Stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our Class A Common Stock may decline. If analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price or trading volume of our Class A Common Stock to decline and our Class A Common Stock to be less liquid. 
 
 Should the price or trading volume of our Class A Common Stock decline, it could indicate an impairment of our assets. 
 
 We may issue preferred stock, the terms of which could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of its stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations, and relative rights, including preferences over our Class A Common Stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our Board may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our Class A Common Stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 We do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We likely will continue to operate at a loss in the foreseeable future, and will retain most, if not all, of its available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not plan to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Our Board has discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if the Board decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on the future results of operations and cash flow, capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our Class A Common Stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. However, our Class A Common Stock may not appreciate in value or the market price thereof may decline. 
 
 Our Charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by its stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or other stockholders. 
 
 Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on its behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any other wrongdoing by, any of our current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder (iii) action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Charter or our Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery, (iv) action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of any provisions of our Charter or our Bylaws, or (v) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court or other state courts of the State of Delaware. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any action, suit 
 36 

or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, and the foregoing exclusive forum provisions of our Charter will not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provision in our Charter. 
 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with us or our directors, officers, other stockholders, or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Charter inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board. 
 
 It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 The Company s principal executive offices and global headquarters are located in Washington, D.C., and consist of approximately 65,000 square feet of space under a lease that expires on May 31, 2031. We also maintain a presence in a number of other jurisdictions within the United States and internationally, including Baton Rouge, LA; Madison, WI; Austin, TX; Oxford, United Kingdom; Brussels, Belgium; Gurugram, India; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore; Sydney, Australia, and Taiwan. We use these facilities for research and development, product engineering, sales and marketing, communications, finance, information technology and security, legal, human resources, and other administrative functions. We believe that our existing properties are suitable and adequate for our current needs, and we will continue to assess our facilities requirements as our business grows and operations evolve, including as a result of remote or flexible work arrangements adopted in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal or regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property claims, commercial contract matters or employment-related disputes. Such cases may raise complex factual and legal issues, may subject us to material risks and uncertainties, could require significant management time and corporate resources to defend, could result in significant media coverage and negative publicity, and could be harmful to our reputation and our brand. We are not currently a party to any litigation or regulatory proceeding that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions or cash flows. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on the NYSE under the symbols NOTE and NOTE.WS , respectively. 
 
 Holders 
 As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 451 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock, which amount does not include participants of The Depository Trust Company or beneficial owners holding shares of Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants through nominee names, there were two holders of record of our Class B Common Stock, and there were three holders of record of our Private Warrants. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and has no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s purchases of its common stock during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 
 Average price paid per share 
 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 
 Approximate dollar value of shares yet to be purchased under the plans or programs 

10/1/2022 - 10/31/2022 
 559 

5.00 

- 

- 

11/1/2022 - 11/30/2022 
 
 338,304 

5.94 

- 

- 

12/1/2022 - 12/31/2022 
 
 65,709 

6.30 

- 

- 

Total 
 
 404,572 

6.00 

- 

- 

Item 6. (Reserved) 
 38 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of O perations. 
 The following discussion provides information that FiscalNote s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of FiscalNote s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read together with our financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included below have been subject to rounding adjustments as amounts are presented in thousands or millions, as the context describes. Percentage amounts included below have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. Certain other amounts that appear below may not sum due to rounding. 
 This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, include those discussed below, in the annual consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, and in the sections of this report titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, FiscalNote, we, us, or our refer to the business of Old FiscalNote, which became the business of New FiscalNote and its subsidiaries following the Closing. 
 Overview 
 FiscalNote is a leading technology provider of global policy and market intelligence. It delivers critical, actionable legal and policy insights in a rapidly evolving political, regulatory and macroeconomic environment. By combining artifical intelligence (AI) technology, other technologies with analytics, workflow tools, and expert peer insights, FiscalNote empowers customers to manage policy, address regulatory developments, and mitigate global risk. FiscalNote ingests unstructured legislative and regulatory data, and employs AI and data science to deliver structured, relevant and actionable information in order to facilitate key operational and strategic decisions by global enterprises, midsized and smaller businesses, government institutions, trade groups and nonprofits. FiscalNote delivers that intelligence through its suite of public policy and issues management products, coupled with expert research and analysis of markets and geopolitical events, as well as powerful tools to manage workflows, advocacy campaigns and constituent relationships. 
 Business Combination 
 On Closing Date, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, by and among Old FiscalNote, DSAC, and Merger Sub. Pursuant to these transactions, Merger Sub merged with and into Old FiscalNote, with Old FiscalNote becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of DSAC. On the Closing Date, and in connection with the Closing, DSAC domesticated and continued as a Delaware corporation under the name of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 
 We accounted for the Business Combination as a reverse recapitalization whereby Old FiscalNote was determined as the accounting acquirer and DSAC as the accounting acquiree. While DSAC was the legal acquirer in the Business Combination, because Old FiscalNote was determined as the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Old FiscalNote became the historical financial statements of the combined company, upon the consummation of the Business Combination. Accordingly, New FiscalNote, as the parent company of the combined business, is the successor SEC registrant, meaning that our financial statements for previous periods will be disclosed in the registrant s future periodic reports filed with the SEC. 
 The Business Combination had a significant impact on our reported financial position and results as a result of the reverse recapitalization. The most significant change in our reported financial position and results was an increase in net cash of 65.6 million from gross cash proceeds of 325.0 million, including 114.0 million from the backstop agreement with the sponsor of DSAC, 61.0 million from DSAC s trust account from its initial public offering, and 150.0 million from the New Senior Term Loan (as defined below). Such gross proceeds were offset by 45.2 million transaction costs, which principally consisted of advisory, legal and other professional fees, and were recorded in Additional Paid-in Capital, net of proceeds from the DSAC trust and 3.5 million of debt issuance costs paid out of the proceeds of the New Senior Term Loan on the Closing Date, of which 2.8 was capitalized and 0.7 million included in the loss on debt extinguishment. 
 39 

Cumulative debt repayments, inclusive of accrued but unpaid interest, of 210.7 million were paid in conjunction with the close, which consisted of a 75.3 million repayment of the First Out Term Loan, 61.7 million repayment of the Last Out Term Loan, a 50.0 million payment used to retire the non-converting portion of the Senior Secured Subordinated Promissory Note, a 16.3 million repayment of the 8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note, and 7.4 million repayment of the 2021 Seller Notes. Please refer to Note 9, Debt - Senior Capital Term Loan Refinancing to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding our indebtedness outstanding prior to the Business Combination and the refinancing thereof. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we recognized a 34.9 million warrant liability on our consolidated balance sheets for the fair value of the public warrants and private placement warrants that were previously issued by DSAC and assumed by New FiscalNote in the Business Combination, along with the additional private placement warrants that were issued upon the closing of the Business Combination. We adjust the liability-classified warrants to fair value at each reporting period. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our consolidated statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our future financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors that are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on the warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we recognized (a) 28.9 million of incremental stock-based compensation charges that consisted of 5.0 million related to certain awards that vested as a result of the Business Combination, 6.2 million related to awards issued to our CEO, COO, and CFO pursuant to their respective employment agreements, and 17.7 million related to the Earnout Awards that may be issued to shareholders and equity award holders that for accounting purposes are treated as compensation awards (See Note 15, Earnings (Loss) Per Share, of our consolidated financial statements), (b) 45.3 million of loss on debt extinguishment as a result of repayment of certain of our outstanding debt, as well as the conversion of our convertible debt as part of the Business Combination, and (c) 32.1 million interest charge related to the derecognition of the beneficial conversion feature associated with our converted debt. 
 As a consequence of the Business Combination, we became an SEC-registered and NYSE-listed company, which may require us to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. Upon Closing, we began to incur additional public company expenses for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources. 
 Factors Impacting the Comparability of Our Operating Results 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the following nine acquisitions: 
 Oxford Analytica on February 12, 2021 for 6.5 million, consisting of cash and stock; 

Fireside on April 30, 2021 for 17.5 million, consisting of cash, seller notes and convertible notes; 

Timebase on May 7, 2021 for 4.3 million, consisting of cash and convertible notes; 

Board.org on June 3, 2021 for 19.2 million, consisting of cash and convertible notes; 

Equilibrium on June 25, 2021 for 9.4 million, consisting of cash and stock; 

Predata on June 30, 2021 for 8.6 million, consisting of cash and stock; 

Curate on August 27, 2021 for 8.4 million, consisting of cash and stock; 

Forge.ai on September 9, 2021 for 11.8 million, consisting of cash and stock; and 

Frontier Strategy Group on November 19, 2021 for 18.1 million cash. 

In addition, we acquired FactSquared on December 31, 2020 for 4.3 million consisting of cash and stock. Unless noted otherwise, we refer to the acquisition of FactSquared and the acquisitions in calendar year 2021 as the 2021 Acquisitions. Our results from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect a full year from the 2021 Acquisitions, whereas the year ended December 31, 2021 only reflects contributions from certain of the 2021 Acquisitions to our results of operations commencing from the date of such acquisition through the remainder of the period. 
 40 

On July 29, 2022 we completed the acquisition of Aicel Technologies for 8.7 million, consisting of stock. On September 30, 2022 we completed the asset acquisition of DT-Global for approximately 0.6 million of cash. We refer to these two acquisitions as the 2022 Acquisitions , respectively. The 2022 Acquisitions did not have a material impact on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions contributed approximately 31.4 million and 12.1 million of subscription revenue, net of a deferred revenue adjustment of approximately 1.9 million and 2.8 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions contributed Advisory, advertising and other revenue of approximately 5.8 million and 3.6 million, respectively. 
 As a result of the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions, we have, and will continue to incur, significant non-cash amortization expense related to the amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income by approximately 7.1 million and 4.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 From time to time, management reviews the Company s existing products and services based on their financial (e.g., revenue, margin) profile and strategic factors. In connection with such a review in 2020 and 2021, management decided to cease selling certain non-core subscription products representing subscription revenue of approximately 1.1 million and 2.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We continue to invest for future growth. We are focused on several key growth levers, including cross-selling and upselling opportunities at existing clients, expanding our client base with a focus on enterprise and government customers, expansion into adjacent markets and deepening our offerings for regulated industries or sectors, and continuing to execute on our acquisition strategy (including our recently announced acquisition of Dragonfly (as defined below)). Several of these growth drivers require investment in and refinement of our go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may continue to incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription revenue. 
 We plan to invest a portion of the available capital resources in building innovative products, acquiring complementary businesses, attracting new customers and expanding our leadership role in the legal and regulatory information market. We drive growth both organically and through acquisitions. We regularly evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses to supplement our existing platform, enable us to enter new markets and ensure that we are well positioned to provide critical insights to the regulated sectors of the future. Past acquisitions have enabled us to deliver innovative solutions in new categories, such as global risk analysis and environmental, social and governance ESG automation software, analytics and integration, and new data sets to enhance the functionality of our existing products. Strategic acquisitions will remain a core component of our strategy in the future. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 In addition to our GAAP results further described and discussed below in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we monitor the following key performance indicators to evaluate growth trends, prepare financial projections, make strategic decisions, and measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. Our management team assesses our performance based on these key performance indicators because it believes they reflect the underlying trends and indicators of our business and serve as meaningful indicators of our continuous operational performance. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue ARR 
 Approximately 90 of our revenues are subscription based, which leads to high revenue predictability. Our ability to retain existing subscription customers is a key performance indicator that helps explain the evolution of our historical results and is a leading indicator of our revenues and cash flows for subsequent periods. We use ARR as a measure of our revenue trend and an indicator of our future revenue opportunity from existing recurring subscription customer contracts. We calculate ARR on a parent account level by annualizing the contracted subscription revenue, and our total ARR as of the end of a period is the aggregate thereof. ARR is not adjusted for the impact of any known or projected future customer cancellations, upgrades or downgrades, or price increases or decreases. The amount of actual revenue that we recognize over any 12-month period is likely to differ from ARR at the beginning of that period, sometimes significantly. This may occur due to timing of the revenue bookings during the period, cancellations, upgrades, or downgrades and pending renewals. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue as it is an operating metric and is not intended to be a 
 41 

replacement or forecast of revenue. Our calculation of ARR may differ from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. 
 Our ARR at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was 113 million and 97 million, respectively. Our ARR at December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions, was 73 million and 66 million, respectively. ARR of the Acquisitions, was 40 million and 31 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including pre-acquisition ARR performance of the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions on the basis reported to FiscalNote in connection with such company s acquisition. 
 Run-Rate Revenue 
 Management also monitors Run-Rate Revenue, which we define as ARR plus non-subscription revenue earned during the last twelve months. We believe Run-Rate Revenue is an indicator of our total revenue growth, incorporating the non-subscription revenue that we believe is a meaningful contribution to our business as a whole. Although our non-subscription business is non-recurring, we regularly sell different advisory services to repeat customers. The amount of actual subscription and non-subscription revenue that we recognize over any 12-month period is likely to differ from Run-Rate Revenue at the beginning of that period, sometimes significantly. Our Run-Rate Revenue at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, including our 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions, was approximately 127 million and 109 million, respectively. Our Run-Rate Revenue at December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions, was approximately 80 million and 71 million, respectively. Run-Rate Revenue of the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions was approximately 47 million and 38 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including pre-acquisition Run-Rate Revenue performance of the 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions on the basis reported to FiscalNote in connection with such company s acquisition. 
 Net Revenue Retention NRR 
 Our NRR, which we use to measure our success in retaining and growing recurring revenue from our existing customers, compares our recognized recurring revenue from a set of customers across comparable periods. We calculate our NRR for a given period as ARR at the end of the period minus ARR contracted from new clients for which there is no historical revenue booked during the period, divided by the beginning ARR for the period. We calculate NRR at a parent account level. Customers from acquisitions are not included in NRR until they have been part of our consolidated results for 12 months. Accordingly, the 2022 Acquisitions are not included in our NRR for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the 2021 Acquisitions are not included in our NRR for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our calculation of NRR for any fiscal period includes the positive recurring revenue impacts of selling additional licenses and services to existing customers and the negative recognized recurring revenue impacts of contraction and attrition among this set of customers. Our NRR may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the growing level of our revenue base, the level of penetration within our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our customers. Our calculation of NRR may differ from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. NRR was 100 and 94 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures to clarify and enhance our understanding, and aid in the period-to-period comparison, of our performance. Where applicable, we provide reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding most closely related GAAP measure. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to its most comparable GAAP financial measure. While we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, their most comparable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, do not reflect a comprehensive system of accounting and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in their financing and accounting methods, the book value of their assets, their capital structures, the method by which their assets were acquired and the manner in which they define non-GAAP measures. 
 42 

Adjusted Revenue 
 Adjusted revenue represents revenue adjusted to include amounts that would have been recognized if deferred revenue was not adjusted to fair value in connection with acquisition accounting. Adjusted revenue is presented because we use this measure to evaluate performance of our business against prior periods and believe it is useful for investors as an indicator of the underlying performance of our business. Adjusted revenue is not a recognized term under U.S. GAAP. Adjusted revenue does not represent revenues, as that term is defined under GAAP, and should not be considered as an alternative to revenues as an indicator of our operating performance. Adjusted revenue as presented herein is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 
 We define Adjusted Gross Profit as Adjusted Revenue minus cost of revenues, before amortization of intangible assets that are included in costs of revenues. We define Adjusted Gross Profit Margin as Adjusted Gross Profit divided by Adjusted Revenues. 
 We use Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends. We believe these metrics are useful measures to us and to our investors to assist in evaluating our core operating performance because they provide consistency and direct comparability with our past financial performance and between fiscal periods, as the metrics eliminate the non-cash effects of amortization of intangible assets and deferred revenue, which are non-cash impacts that may fluctuate for reasons unrelated to overall operating performance. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. They should not be considered as replacements for gross profit and gross profit margin, as determined by GAAP, or as measures of our profitability. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using non-GAAP measures only for supplemental purposes. Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin as presented herein are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. EBITDA represents earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA reflects further adjustments to EBITDA to exclude certain non-cash items and other items that management believes are not indicative of ongoing operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Adjusted Revenue. 
 We disclose EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these non-GAAP measures are key measures used by management to evaluate our business, measure our operating performance and make strategic decisions. We believe that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are useful for investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as management. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as substitutes for net loss, net loss before income taxes, or any other operating performance measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Using these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze our business would have material limitations because the calculations are based on the subjective determination of management regarding the nature and classification of events and circumstances that investors may find significant. In addition, although other companies in our industry may report measures titled EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin or similar measures, such non-GAAP financial measures may be calculated differently from how we calculate non-GAAP financial measures, which reduces their comparability. Because of these limitations, you should consider EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin alongside other financial performance measures, including net income and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We derive our revenues from subscription revenue arrangements and advisory, advertising and other revenues. Subscription revenues account for approximately 90 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 43 

Subscription revenue 
 Subscription revenues consist of revenue earned from subscription-based arrangements that provide customers the right to use the Company s software and products in a cloud-based infrastructure. Subscription revenues are driven primarily by the number of active licenses, the types of products and the price of the subscriptions. The Company also earns subscription revenues by licensing to customers its digital content, including transcripts, news and analysis, images, video and podcast data. 
 Our subscription arrangements generally have contractual terms of 12 months or more and are non-refundable regardless of the actual use of the service. Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over the non-cancellable contract terms beginning on the commencement date of each contract, which is the date our service is first made available to customers. 
 Advisory, advertising, and other revenue 
 Advisory revenue is typically earned under contracts for specific deliverables and are non-recurring in nature, although we regularly sell different advisory services to repeat customers. One-time advisory revenues are invoiced according to the terms of the contract, usually delivered to the customer over a short period of time, during which revenues are recognized. 
 Advertising revenue is primarily generated by delivering advertising in our own publications (Roll Call and CQ) in both print and digital formats. Revenue for print advertising is recognized upon publication of the advertisement. Revenue for digital advertising is recognized over the period of the advertisement or, if the contract contains impression guarantees, based on delivered impressions. 
 Book revenue is recognized when the product is shipped to the customer, which is when control of the product transfers to the customer. Shipping and handling costs are treated as a fulfillment activity and are expensed as incurred. 
 Events revenue is deferred and only recognized when the event has taken place and is included in other revenues. 
 Cost of revenues 
 Cost of revenues primarily consists of expenses related to hosting our service, the costs of data center capacity, amortization of developed technology and capitalized software development costs, certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services, or data, costs of compensation, including bonuses, stock compensation, benefits and other expenses for employees associated with providing professional services and other direct costs of production. Also included in cost of revenues are our costs related to the preparation of contracted advisory deliverables, as well as costs to develop, publish, print and deliver our publications underlying our books revenue. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses include the costs of compensation, including bonuses, stock compensation, benefits and other expenses for employees associated with the creation and testing of the products we offer, related software subscriptions, consulting and contractor fees and allocated overhead. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including bonuses, stock compensation, benefits and other expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including commissions, related software subscriptions, consulting fees, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. 
 Editorial 
 Editorial expenses consist of salaries and related expenses, including bonuses, stock compensation, benefits and other expenses for the editorial team involved in acquiring, creating, and distributing content and allocated overhead. 
 44 

General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses are primarily related to our executive offices, finance and accounting, human resources, legal, internal operations and other corporate functions. These expenses consist of salaries and related expenses, including bonuses, stock compensation, benefits and other expenses, along with professional fees, depreciation and other allocated overhead. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization expense relates to our finite-lived intangible assets, including developed technology, customer relationship, databases and tradenames. These assets are amortized over periods of between three and twenty years. Finite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment when indicators are present, and, if impaired, are written down to fair value. No impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any financial period included in our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Transaction costs, net 
 Transaction costs consist of acquisition related costs (including due diligence, accounting, legal, and other professional fees, incurred from acquisition activity), fair value adjustments to contingent consideration due to sellers, and non-capitalizable costs. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net, consists of expense related to interest on our borrowings, the amortization and write off of debt issuance costs and original discount, and interest related to certain derivative instruments. 
 Fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities 
 The fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities are accounted for in accordance with ASC 815 and ASC 480. The warrant and derivative liabilities are marked to market each reporting period in accordance with ASC 820 with all gains and losses being recorded within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Income taxes 
 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 
 The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. 
 Results of Operations 
 Discussion of Significant Items Affecting the Consolidated Results for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recognized several non-cash items associated with the Company's public listing on July 29, 2022 including, a non-cash charge of 45.3 million from the loss on extinguishment of debt, a non-cash charge of 32.1 million recognized as interest expense related to the derecognition of beneficial conversion features embedded within the convertible notes that went into equity as part of the Company's public listing, and 28.9 million of non-cash charges related to the accounting treatment of stock based compensation related to the Company's transition to a public listing. Further, the Company also recognized a non-cash charge of 11.7 million related to the loss contingency recognized as a result of the previously-announced proposed terms of a settlement with the Disputing Lender. These charges were partially offset by a non-cash gain of approximately 16.1 million related to the mark-to-market of the public and private warrants liability the Company is required to fair value at each reporting date and 7.7 million non-cash gain from the forgiveness of the Company's PPP Loan. 
 45 

The Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents our results of operations for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Subscription 

100,522 

74,002 

26,520 

36 

Advisory, advertising, and other 

13,243 

8,910 

4,333 

49 

Total revenues 

113,765 

82,912 

30,853 

37 

Operating expenses: (1) 

Cost of revenues 

31,937 

21,802 

10,135 

46 

Research and development 

20,736 

24,017 

(3,281) 

(14) 

Sales and marketing 

42,678 

29,676 

13,002 

44 

Editorial 

15,956 

14,634 

1,322 

9 

General and administrative 

77,801 

32,491 

45,310 

139 

Amortization of intangible assets 

10,451 

9,359 

1,092 

12 

Loss on sublease 

- 

1,817 

(1,817) 

(100) 

Transaction costs, net 

2,395 

4,698 

(2,303) 

(49) 

Total operating expenses 

201,954 

138,494 

63,460 

46 

Operating loss 

(88,189) 

(55,582) 

(32,607) 

59 

Interest expense, net 

95,741 

64,800 

30,941 

48 

Change in fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities 

(12,747) 

(3,405) 

(9,342) 

274 

Gain on PPP loan upon extinguishment 

(7,667) 

- 

(7,667) 
 
 NM 

Loss on debt extinguishment, net 

45,250 

- 

45,250 

NM 

Loss contingency 

11,700 

- 

11,700 

NM 

Other expense, net 

1,045 

333 

712 

214 

Net loss before income taxes 

(221,511) 

(117,310) 

(104,201) 

89 

Benefit from income taxes 

(3,254) 

(7,889) 

4,635 

(59) 

Net loss 

(218,257) 

(109,421) 

(108,836) 

99 

(1) Amounts include stock-based compensation expenses, as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Cost of revenues 

81 

16 

65 

406 

Research and development 

1,007 

277 

730 

264 

Sales and marketing 

762 

147 

615 

418 

Editorial 

603 

89 

514 

578 

General and administrative 

35,594 

481 

35,113 

NM 

Revenue: 
 Subscription Revenue 
 Subscription revenue of 100.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 26.5 million, or 36 , from 74.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The comparability of our revenues between periods was impacted by the 2021 and 2022 Acquisitions described under Factors Impacting the Comparability of Our Results of Operations above. The table below presents the primary items that impacted the comparability of our subscription revenues between periods. 
 46 

Change for the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 vs December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 

Subscription Revenue change driver: 

Increase from 2021 Acquisitions 

18,169 

128 

Impact of 2021 Acquisitions deferred revenues adjustment 

862 

31 

Increase from 2022 Acquisitions 

717 

100 

Decrease from discontinued products 

(1,039) 

(49) 

Increase from organic business 

7,811 

13 

Subscription Revenues, net (total change) 

26,520 

36 

Our organic growth during the period is primarily due to the increase in new revenue bookings evidenced by the growth in our organic ARR, from which we subsequently derived additional revenues as well as our continued focus on increasing our NRR. The revenue decrease from discontinued products results from certain discrete products that are being sunset from the Company's offerings. 
 Advisory, Advertising, and Other Revenue 
 Advisory, advertising, and other revenue was 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 4.3 million, or 49 , was primarily due to 2.2 million of incremental revenue from our 2021 Acquisitions, as well as an increase of other one-time revenue of 2.1 million. 
 Revenue by Geography 
 The below tables present our revenues split by geographic region for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

North America 

98,951 

74,040 

24,911 

34 

Europe 

10,072 

7,601 

2,471 

33 

Australia 

1,122 

784 

338 

43 

Asia 

3,620 

487 

3,133 

643 

Total revenues 

113,765 

82,912 

30,853 

37 

Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the FiscalNote contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. North America revenues increased primarily due to our acquisitions of FactSquared, Fireside, Board.org, Predata, Curate, Forge, and FrontierView. Revenues outside of North America increased primarily due to our acquisitions of Oxford Analytica (included in Europe), Timebase (included in Australia), and Aicel Technologies (included in Asia). 
 Cost of revenues 
 Cost of revenues was 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 10.1 million, or 46 , was primarily attributable to 5.2 million of increased costs resulting from acquisitions of which 4.1 million related to the growth in our business and 1.1 million represents an increase in amortization expense related to capitalized software development costs and developed technology. Our organic cost of revenues increase of 4.9 million resulted from 2.8 million of increased costs related to the growth in our business and a 2.1 million of an increase in amortization expense related to our capitalized software development costs. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expense was 20.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 24.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 3.3 million, or 14 , was primarily attributable to a decrease of 6.8 million primarily related to compensation and benefits as the majority of personnel related costs in 2022 were capitalized for the redevelopment of our SaaS policy and stakeholder management platform included in capitalized software development costs, offset by 0.7 million incremental share-based compensation triggered by the Business Combination, and an increase of 2.0 million of research and development costs incurred by our 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions. 
 47 

Sales and marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense was 42.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 29.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 13.0 million, or 44 , was primarily attributable to an increase of 12.0 million in sales and marketing costs incurred by our Acquisitions, 0.6 million incremental share-based compensation triggered by the Business Combination and 0.4 million related to increases in salary and commissions expense. 
 Editorial expense 
 Editorial expense was 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 14.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 1.3 million, or 9 was primarily attributable to an increase of 3.6 million related to Acquisitions and 0.5 million incremental share-based compensation triggered by the Business Combination partially offset by continued focus on monitoring costs of 2.8 million. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expense was 77.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 32.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 45.3 million, or 139 , was primarily attributable to 34.7 million of non-cash stock based compensation expense consisting of (a) 17.7 million associated with the earnout shares issued to employees who held equity ownership in Old FiscalNote through ownership of common stock, vested options, or unvested options on the closing date of the Business Combination (see Note 11, Earnout Shares and RSUs in our consolidated financial statements), (b) 7.0 million associated with the issuance of stock options and RSUs to our CEO, COO, and CFO pursuant to their employment agreements with New FiscalNote, and (c) 10.0 million associated with certain stock options which vested due to the closing of the Business Combination. The 2021 and 2022 Acquisitions contributed 2.4 million to the increase in general and administrative expenses, combined with 1.8 million of public company costs consisting primarily of directors and officers insurance, director compensation, and other miscellaneous regulatory costs, 4.7 million of salary, benefits and bonus expense that we incurred as we increased our headcount in preparation of becoming a public company, 1.0 million of audit, tax, and consulting costs, and 0.4 million of non-cash lease asset impairment charges. 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 Amortization of intangibles was 10.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 1.1 million, or 12 , is due to the increase in amortizable intangible assets from the Acquisitions totaling 1.6 million offset by a 0.5 million reduction in amortization expense related to intangible assets from our VoterVoice and Shungham acquisitions becoming fully amortized in 2021. 
 Transaction costs, net 
 Transaction costs were 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to transaction costs of 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 2.3 million is primarily due to 3.9 million decrease in contingent compensation and earnout liabilities related to our acquisitions of Equilibrium, Forge, and FrontierView and the reversing of previously recognized earnout liabilities related to our Predata acquisitions and 0.3 million related to transaction costs for acquired businesses, offset by 1.8 million increase in non-capitalized costs related to the Business Combination. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense was 95.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 64.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense of 30.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a 32.1 million charge to interest expense we recorded related to the derecognition of beneficial conversion features embedded within the convertible notes that were recognized within equity as part of the Company's public listing as well as incremental interest expense of 1.3 million incurred related to the 18.0 million related party convertible note issued in the fourth quarter of 2021 that was repaid in June 2022, partially offset by decreases in interest expense related to deferred financing fees and sublease interest expense incurred in 2021. 
 On July 29, 2022 we entered into a 150.0 million senior term loan that accrues PIK interest at 1 , compounded monthly, and has cash only interest payments of the greater of (a) 9 and (b) the Prime Rate plus 5 . Immediately prior to 
 48 

the consummation of the Business Combination, all of our convertible debt, excluding four convertible notes with a principal balance of 12.2 million (including paid-in kind interest), converted into common stock of Old FiscalNote, which were entitled to be exchanged for shares of Class A common shares of New FiscalNote at the Exchange Ratio. As a result of this conversion, we recognized a one-time interest charge of 32.1 million related to the derecognition of the beneficial conversion feature associated with the aforementioned convertible notes. 
 Change in fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities was a 12.7 million gain for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a 3.4 million gain for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 9.3 million primarily represents a 16.5 million gain that was recorded as a result of the fair value adjustment of the warrant liabilities that were assumed in connection with the Business Combination, and a 7.1 million loss resulting from the fair value adjustment of the derivative liabilities that were settled upon conversion of the associated convertible notes. 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment, net 
 Change in loss on debt extinguishment, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents a 45.3 million loss that was recorded as a result of repayment of certain of our outstanding debt, as well as the conversion of our convertible debt as part of the Business Combination. 
 Income tax benefit 
 Income tax benefit was 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 4.6 million in income tax benefit was primarily driven by related impacts on the Company s valuation allowance. 
 Certain Non-GAAP Measures 
 We present Adjusted Revenues, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin which are non-GAAP financial measures. Our management team assesses our performance based on these non-GAAP measures because it believes they reflect the underlying trends and indicators of our business and serve as meaningful indicators of our continuous operational performance. We believe these measures are useful for investors for the same reasons. Investors should be aware that these measures are not a substitute for GAAP financial measures or disclosures. Where applicable, we provide reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding most closely related GAAP measure. 
 Adjusted Revenues 
 The following table presents our calculation of Adjusted Revenues for the periods presented, and a reconciliation of this measure to our GAAP revenues for the same periods: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Subscription revenue 

100,522 

74,002 

Deferred revenue adjustment 

1,896 

2,758 

Adjusted subscription revenue 

102,418 

76,760 

Advisory, advertising, and other revenue 

13,243 

8,910 

Adjusted Revenues 

115,661 

85,670 

49 

Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 
 The following table presents our calculation of Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Margin for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Adjusted Revenues 

115,661 

85,670 

Costs of revenue 

(31,937) 

(21,802) 

Amortization of intangible assets 

9,094 

5,844 

Adjusted Gross Profit 

92,818 

69,712 

Adjusted Gross Profit Margin 

80 

81 

EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 The following table presents our calculation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(218,257) 

(109,421) 

Benefit from income taxes 

(3,254) 

(7,889) 

Depreciation and amortization 

20,783 

16,380 

Interest expense, net 

95,741 

64,800 

EBITDA 

(104,987) 

(36,130) 

Deferred revenue adjustment (a) 

1,896 

2,758 

Stock-based compensation 

38,047 

1,010 

Change in fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities (b) 

(12,747) 

(3,405) 

Loss on debt extinguishment, net 

45,250 

- 

Other non-cash (gains) charges (c) 

(9,069) 

3,969 

Acquisition related costs (d) 

1,181 

2,054 

Employee severance costs 

575 

180 

Non-capitalizable debt raising costs 

403 

584 

Other infrequent costs (e) 

20 

1,484 

Costs incurred related to the transaction (f) 

2,993 

1,128 

Loss contingency (g) 

11,988 

- 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(24,450) 

(26,368) 

Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

(21) 

(31) 

(a) Reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments arising from the purchase price allocation in connection with the 2021 Acquisitions. 

(b) Reflects the non-cash impact from the mark to market adjustments on our warrant and derivative liabilities. 

(c) Reflects the non-cash impact of the following for fiscal year 2022: (i) gain of 1,780 from the change in fair value related to the contingent consideration and contingent compensation related to our 2021 and 2022 Acquisitions, (ii) gain of 7,667 related to the partial forgiveness of our PPP Loan during the first quarter of 2022, and (iii) 378 impairment charge recognized in the first quarter of 2022 related to the abandonment of one of our leases upon adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2022, respectively. Reflects the non-cash impact of the following for fiscal year 2021: (i) charge of 2,152 from the change in fair value related to the contingent consideration and contingent compensation related to our 2021 Acquisitions and (ii) loss from modifications to a sub-lease in 2021 for 1,817, respectively. 

(d) Reflects the costs incurred to identify, consider, and complete business combination transactions consisting of advisory, legal, and other professional and consulting costs, including 636 of costs incurred related to acquisitions we did not consummate in 2021 and presented in general and administrative expense. Includes a 500 charge we recognized related to a discretionary bonus paid to certain employees of Predata during the second quarter of 2022. 

(e) Reflects (i) costs incurred related to litigation we believe to be outside of our normal course of business totaling 20 and 898 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (ii) costs to satisfy sales tax remittances incurred totaling 506 during the year ended December 31, 2021, and (iii) costs incurred related to our adoption of ASC 606 totaling 80 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(f) Includes non-capitalizable transaction costs associated with the Business Combination. 

(g) Reflects (i) 11,700 non-cash loss contingency recognized related to the previously disclosed term sheet we entered into with GPO FN Noteholder LLC and (ii) 288 of legal costs incurred related to the proposed term sheet with GPO FN Noteholder LLC. See further discussion in Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies. 

50 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. Through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations with proceeds from the Business Combination as well as the closing of the New Senior Term Loan whereby the Company received 65.6 million of net cash proceeds and receipts from sales of our products to customers in the ordinary course of business. At December 31, 2022, the Company s cash and cash equivalents was 60.4 million compared to 32.2 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company had a negative working capital balance of 37.3 million (excluding cash) at December 31, 2022 and had an accumulated deficit of 700.7 million and 481.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and has incurred net losses of 218.3 million and 109.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management expects that significant on-going operating and capital expenditures will be necessary to continue to implement the Company s business plan of entering new markets, future acquisitions, and infrastructure and product development. Historically the Company s cash flows from operations have not been sufficient to fund its current operating model. 
 Our capital requirements depend on many factors, including sales volume, the timing and extent of spending to support R D efforts, investments in information technology systems, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and execution on our acquisition strategy. We believe our cash on hand, proceeds from our expected product sales, and available borrowings under our New Senior Term Loan for certain acquisition activity, will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 
 However, our ability to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements will depend in part on general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions that may be beyond our control. Depending on these and other market conditions, we may seek additional financing. Volatility in the credit markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, or may require us to agree to unfavorable terms, and our existing stockholders may experience significant dilution. 
 In conjunction with the transaction as discussed in Note 2, Business Combination with DSAC, cumulative debt repayments, inclusive of accrued but unpaid interest, of 210.7 million were paid in conjunction with the close, which consisted of a 75.3 million repayment of the First Out Term Loan, 61.7 million repayment of the Last Out Term Loan, a 50.0 million payment used to retire the non-converting portion of the Senior Secured Subordinated Promissory Note, a 16.3 million repayment of the 8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note, and 7.4 million repayment of the 2021 Seller Notes. 
 Our historical financing activities included borrowings under senior secured credit facilities, senior secured promissory notes, convertible debt, and preferred share issuances. Our principal debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and immediately after the closing of the Business Combination consisted of the following (excluding any debt discounts, as applicable): 

(In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

July 29, 2022 

New Senior Term Loan 

150,647 

150,000 

Convertible Notes 

12,219 

10,517 

Aicel Convertible Note 

1,174 

1,031 

PPP Loan 

251 

295 

Total Principal Outstanding 

164,291 

161,843 

New Senior Term Loan 
 In connection with the Closing, FiscalNote entered into a 150.0 million new senior term loan facility (the New Senior Term Loan with Runway Growth Finance Corp., ORIX Growth Capital, LLC, Clover Orochi LLC, and ACM ASOF VIII SaaS FinCo LLC (together the New Senior Lenders ). The New Senior Term Loan provides for an uncommitted incremental loan facility totaling 100.0 million available upon notice if the Company meets certain financial growth criteria and other customary requirements (the New Incremental Term Facility (collectively the New Senior Credit Facility ). The annual interest of the New Senior Term Loan consists of two components: a cash interest component of (a) the greater of (i) Prime Rate plus 5.0 per annum and (ii) 9.0 payable monthly in cash, and (b) interest payable in kind component 
 51 

of 1.00 per annum, payable in kind monthly. The New Senior Credit Facility will mature on July 29, 2027. Beginning on August 15, 2025, 50 of the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Term Loan must be repaid in even amounts on a monthly basis over the remaining 24 months, with the final balance due on July 15, 2027. Borrowings under our New Senior Credit Facility are collateralized by substantially all assets of the borrowers and guarantors party thereto. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we made cash interest payments totaling 6.4 million related to the New Senior Term Loan. 
 The New Senior Term Loan is senior to all other debt and has a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. The New Senior Term Loan contains customary negative covenants related to borrowing, events of default and covenants, including certain non-financial covenants and covenants limiting the Company s ability to dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge with or acquire stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions. In addition to the negative covenants, there were two financial covenants in place at December 31, 2022 related to a minimum cash balance requirement of 15,000 at all times as well as an annual recurring revenue requirement. Effective with Amendment No. 1 (as further described and defined in Note 19, Subsequent Events ), and in addition to the existing minimum cash balance requirement and the annual recurring revenue requirement, the Company is also subject to a limitation on capital expenditures and an adjusted EBITDA requirement (both as defined in the New Senior Term Loan, as amended). Upon the occurrence of an event of default, in addition to the lenders being able to declare amounts outstanding under the New Senior Term Loan due and payable the lenders can elect to increase the interest rate by 5.0 per annum. 
 See also Note 9, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 Convertible Notes 
 Four convertible noteholders with an aggregate principal amount (including accrued paid in kind interest) of 10.5 million as of the Closing Date elected not to convert their notes into shares of capital stock of the Company in conjunction with Closing. The convertible notes are unsecured, earn payable in kind interest of 15 per annum, payable in kind monthly, and mature in 2025. 
 Aicel Convertible Note 
 On July 29, 2022, we acquired Aicel Technologies and assumed its 1.0 million convertible note. The Aicel Convertible Note is subordinate to our New Senior Credit Facility, accrues interest of 1 per annum, payable in kind monthly, and matures in July 2027. 
 PPP Loan 
 The PPP Loan requires monthly principal and interest payments of approximately 9 until maturity in 2027. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following tables summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(218,257) 

(109,421) 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(72,625) 

(37,046) 

Investing activities 

(10,242) 

(49,196) 

Financing activities 

111,530 

74,307 

Operating activities 
 Our cash flows from operations are primarily generated from payments from subscription customers with a standard term of 12 months. When a customer enters into a new subscription agreement, or submits a notice to renew their subscription, we typically invoice for the full amount of the subscription period, record the balance to deferred revenues and ratably recognize the deferral throughout the subscription period. As a result, we experience cash flow seasonality throughout the year, with a heavier weighting of operating cash inflows occurring during the first and fourth quarters of the year, when most subscription invoices are sent, as compared to the second and third quarters of the year. 
 52 

Cash used in operating activities consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization, stock based compensation, changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, non-cash interest expense, and loss on debt extinguishment, as well as the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 Cash used in operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 72.6 million, an increase of 35.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities was driven by a net loss of 218.3 million, which is adjusted for the exclusion of non-cash expenses and other adjustments totaling 162.7 million, primarily including non-cash interest expense of 52.0 million, paid in kind interest of 11.0, loss on debt extinguishment of 45.3 million, stock-based compensation expense of 38.0 million, a gain due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 15.8 million, loss contingency of 11.7 million, and amortization and depreciation of 23.6 million, and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in cash outflows of 17.1 million. Cash used in operating activities in 2021 was driven by a net loss of 109.4 million, which is adjusted for the exclusion of non-cash expenses and other adjustments totaling 73.2 million, primarily including non-cash interest expense of 21.7 million, paid in kind interest of 37.3 million, stock-based compensation expense of 1.0 million, a gain due to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 3.4 million, change in deferred income taxes of 6.6 million, and amortization and depreciation of 17.8 million, and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in cash outflows of 0.8 million. Cash used by operating activities can be impacted by factors such as new acquisitions, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms, and timing of payments to vendors. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.2 million compared to 49.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of cash paid of 10.1 million of software development costs and 1.2 million of capital expenditures, offset by 1.1 million cash acquired from the acquisition of Aicel, net of cash paid for the assets acquisition of DT-Global. Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 was 49.2 million, primarily consisted of 43.6 million of cash paid for the acquisitions of Oxford Analytica, Fireside, Timebase, Board.org, Equilibrium, Predata, Curate, Forge and FrontierView and 5.6 million of capital expenditures. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 111.5 million, compared to 74.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 325.0 million in gross proceeds from the Business Combination (inclusive of (a) the net receipts from 150.0 million proceeds from the issuance of our New Senior Term Loan, (b) 61.0 million from DSAC s trust, and (c) 114.0 million from the backstop agreement with the sponsor of DSAC), and 4.5 million cash proceeds from the exercise of public warrants, 0.5 million from the exercise of stock options, offset by a total of 48.7 million in transaction costs related to the Business Combination and New Senior Term Loan, 189.0 million in principal repayments of First Out Term Loan, Last Out Term Loan, Fireside Promissory Notes, 8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note, and the New GPO Note. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 74.3 million, primarily consisted of 61.2 million of net cash received from the issuance of convertible notes in 2021, 12.6 million from the issuance of shares of Series G preferred stock in 2021, and 0.5 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space. For more information regarding our lease obligations, see Note 5, Leases to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. For more information regarding our debt service obligations, see Note 9, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities or other arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 53 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding new accounting pronouncements, and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, if any, refer to Note 1, Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1, Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Subscription revenues are recurring in nature and include subscription fees from customers accessing our company s cloud-based infrastructure, digital content, transcripts, news and analysis, images, video and podcast data. Advisory, advertising and other revenue includes revenues derived from non-recurring activities where we deliver specific deliverables for clients as well as where we provide advertising in our own publications (Roll Call and CQ) in both print and digital formats, the sale of various publications, and sponsorship revenue for events organized by the Company. Our company s subscription arrangements are generally non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions. Our company recognizes revenues upon the satisfaction of its performance obligation(s) (upon transfer of control of promised goods or services to its customers) in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 Our company s contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple services. For these contracts, our company accounts for individual promises separately if they are distinct performance obligations. Determining whether services are considered distinct performance obligations may require significant judgment. Judgment is also required to determine the standalone selling price SSP for each distinct performance obligation. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when our company does not sell the services separately, our company determines the SSP using available information, including market conditions and other observable inputs. 
 Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts 
 Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which, although longer than the typical initial contract period, reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this average period of benefit. Therefore, we evaluate both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the estimated life cycles of our offerings and our customer attrition. 
 Business Combinations 
 Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. 
 Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets and goodwill we have acquired are: 
 future expected cash flows from subscription and content contracts, other customer contracts and acquired developed technologies, and trade names; 

historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers; 

assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name will continue to be used in our offerings; 

54 

discount rates; 

uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed; and 

fair value of earnout consideration. 

Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for significant reporting units for purposes of determining whether there is goodwill impairment. The fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on future expectations. We typically estimate the fair value of these assets using the income method, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. The valuations used to establish and to test goodwill for impairment are dependent on a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, overall growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment and margin progression, Company business plans and the discount rate applied to cash flows. 
 Goodwill is not amortized, but tested at least annually for impairment. Our ongoing annual impairment testing for goodwill occurs on October 1st. Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. We believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable and comparable to those that would be used by other marketplace participants. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. For example, future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including discount and tax rates or future cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values. In addition, changes to or a failure to achieve business plans or deterioration of macroeconomic conditions could result in reduced cash flows or higher discount rates, leading to a lower valuation that would trigger an impairment of the goodwill of these businesses. 
 If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. 
 Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. Acquired intangible assets (customer relationships, patents and technologies, and tradenames) are expected to have determinable useful lives. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. An impairment assessment for finite-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. 
 Based on our annual impairment testing as of October 1, 2022, the fair value of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values by more than 50 . The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair values of our reporting units are the net sales and earnings growth rates (including residual growth rates) and discount rate. The residual growth rate represents the expected rate at which the reporting units are expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rate utilized in our fair value estimates is consistent with the reporting unit operating plans and approximates expected long-term market growth rates. The residual growth rate is dependent on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, and business activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rate could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth or an increased competitive environment. The discount rate, which is consistent with a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, is based upon industry required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors. 
 Future sustained depression of our stock price may indicate that a triggering event has occurred that may require us to reassess our goodwill for impairment and may trigger future impairment charges of one or all of our reporting units. Further, changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic environment in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that would trigger future impairment charges of our reporting units. 
 55 

See Note 8, Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill. 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 The Company evaluates its financial instruments, including its outstanding warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. The Company has outstanding public and private warrants, both of which do not meet the criteria for equity classification and are accounted for as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrants as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 
 The fair value of the public warrants is estimated based on the quoted market price of such warrants. The fair value of the private warrants is estimated using a binomial option pricing model. 
 Deferred Taxes and Valuation Allowance 
 Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans and/or tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 
 Incremental Borrowing Rate Used to Calculate Lease Balances 
 A s most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate to measure the operating lease assets and liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate we would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the lease and includes considerations of both the market, our current capital structure and exiting debt borrowings. We perform an incremental borrowing rate analysis on a quarterly basis, or upon execution of any individually material agreement, to ensure that the rates being applied to newly acquired leases are still accurate. 
 56 

Item 7A. Q uantitative and Quali tative Disclosures About Market Risks. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily consist of inflation risk and fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We use the U.S. Dollar USD as our reporting currency. Our local subsidiaries transact generally in their local currency, considered the functional currency for that subsidiary. Our foreign currency exchange rate risk is related to translation of our assets and liabilities from the subsidiaries' functional currencies to USD. These adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated balance sheets. Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, British Pound Sterling and Australian Dollar. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States as well as the European Union, United Kingdom, Australia, South Korea, and India. Our results of operations and cash flows in the future may be adversely affected due to an expansion of non-U.S. dollar denominated contracts, growth of our international entities and changes in foreign exchange rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our cash denominated in foreign currency. To date, we have not engaged in any hedging strategies. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage the risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022, was negatively impacted by approximately 2.0 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to market risk associated with changing interest rates within our variable rate New Senior Term Loan. Our exposure to changes in interest rates is associated with the Prime Rate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings on our New Senior Term Loan of 150.6 million that bears interest at a floating rate based on the Prime Rate plus an applicable margin. At December 31, 2022 the interest on our New Senior Term Loan was 12.50 (which subsequently increased to 12.75 effective February 16, 2023). Assuming no change in the outstanding borrowings on our New Senior Term Loan, we estimate that a one percentage point increase in the Prime Rate would increase our annual cash interest expense by approximately 1.5 million based on an annual basis. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Although we do not believe inflation has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 57 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company, which is also known as FiscalNote Intermediate Holdco, Inc. as of December 31, 2021) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of ASC 842, Leases . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

March 28, 2023 
 
 58 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except shares, and par value) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Capitalized software costs, net 

Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 

Operating lease assets 

- 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships, net 

Database, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other non-current assets 

- 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Customer deposits 

Contingent liabilities from acquisitions, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

- 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

Convertible notes - related parties 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Deferred rent 

- 

Contingent liabilities from acquisitions, net of current portion 

Sublease loss liability, net of current portion 

- 

Lease incentive liability, net of current portion 

- 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

- 

Warrant liabilities 

- 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitment and contingencies (Note 18) 

Temporary equity: 

Redeemable, convertible preferred stock 

- 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Class A Common stock and par value, and authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

- 

Class B Common stock 0.0001 and par value, and authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

- 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders' equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Subscription 

Advisory, advertising, and other 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: (1) 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Editorial 

General and administrative 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Loss on sublease 

- 

Transaction costs, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of warrant and derivative liabilities 

() 

() 

Gain on PPP loan upon extinguishment 

() 

- 

Loss on debt extinguishment, net 

- 

Loss contingency 

- 

Other expense, net 

Net loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Deemed dividend 

() 

() 

Net loss used to compute basic and diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

Earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders: 

Basic and Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares used in computing earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders: 

Basic and Diluted 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Editorial 

General and administrative 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Temporary Equity 

Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Retroactive conversion of shares due to Business Combination 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2020, as converted 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption value 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 () 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock and warrants 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Shares issued in business acquisitions 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Seller convertible notes issued at premium 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Capital distribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

() 

Beneficial conversion feature, net of taxes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Foreign currency translation loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Change in par value 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption value 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 () 

Issuance of Class A common stock upon redemption of preferred stock 

() 
 
 () 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock and Class B common stock in connection with Business Combination, net of transaction costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock in connection with business acquisitions 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock upon exercise of public warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A common Stock upon vesting of restricted share units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Class A stock upon exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Stock-based compensation expense 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Withholding taxes on net share settlement of stock-based compensation and option exercises 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

- 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Foreign currency translation loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

61 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cas h Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets and capitalized software development costs 

Amortization of deferred costs to obtain revenue contracts 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash earnout expense 

() 

Loss contingency 

- 

Bad debt expense 

Change in fair value of acquisition contingent consideration 

() 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

- 

Deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

Paid-in-kind interest, net 

Other non-cash expenses 

- 

Non-cash interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment, net 

- 

Loss on sublease 

- 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

() 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 

() 

() 

Other non-current assets 

() 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Customer deposits 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Deferred rent 

- 

Contingent liabilities from acquisitions, net of current portion 

() 

- 

Lease liabilities 

() 

- 

Sublease loss liability, net of current portion 

- 

() 

Lease incentive liability, net of current portion 

- 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

Cash paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Business Combination 

- 

Issuance costs of common stock 

() 

- 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Principal payments of long-term debt 

() 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of public warrants 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

- 

Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rates on cash 

() 

() 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Issuance of Class A common stock upon redemption of preferred stock 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock and Class B common stock in connection with Business Combination 

- 

Acquisition of warrant liabilities 

- 

Accretion of preferred stock to redemption value 

Issuance of common stock in connection with business acquisitions 

62 

Warrants issued in conjunction with long-term debt issuance 

Issuance of Class A common stock upon exercise of public warrants 

- 

Fees payable to debt holders settled through increase of debt principal 

- 

Fair value of seller notes issued in connection with business combinations 

- 

Beneficial conversion feature in conjunction with long-term debt issuance, net of taxes 

- 

PIK interest settled through issuance of additional convertible notes to noteholders 

- 

Contingent liabilities incurred in connection with business acquisitions 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock in conjunction with debt modification 

- 

Supplemental Cash Flow Activities: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except shares, par value, per share amounts, or as otherwise noted) 
 Note 
 
 goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. While DSAC was the legal acquirer in the Business Combination, because Old FiscalNote was determined as the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Old FiscalNote became the historical financial statements of the combined company, upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As a result, the financial statements included in the consolidated financial statements reflect (i) the historical operating results of Old FiscalNote prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the combined results of the Company and Old FiscalNote following the closing of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Old FiscalNote at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods presented. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company has converted the equity structure for the periods prior to the Business Combination to reflect the number of shares of New FiscalNote s common stock issued to Old FiscalNote s stockholders in connection with the recapitalization transaction. As such, the shares, corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share, as applicable, related to Old FiscalNote s, convertible preferred stock, and common stock prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively converted as shares by applying the Exchange Ratio. 
 million of net cash proceeds from the Transactions. The Company s cash and cash equivalents were million at December 31, 2022, compared with million at December 31, 2021. Further, the Company had a negative working capital balance of million (excluding cash) at December 31, 2022 and had an accumulated deficit of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and has incurred net losses of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management expects that significant on-going operating and capital expenditures will be necessary to continue to implement the Company s business plan of entering new markets, future acquisitions, and infrastructure and product development. The Company's ability to fund its cash interest requirements under the New Senior Term Loan, acquisition strategy, operating expenses, and capital expenditure requirements will depend in part on general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions that may be beyond the Company's control. The Company's future capital requirements also depend on many factors, including sales volume, the timing and extent of spending to support research and development R D efforts, investments in information technology systems, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and execution on our acquisition strategy. Historically the Company s cash flows from operations have not been sufficient to fund its current operating model. The Company believes our cash on hand at December 31, 2022, proceeds from our expected product sales, and available borrowings under our New Senior Term Loan for certain acquisition activity, will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. Pursuant to the terms of the New Senior Term Loan, the Company is subject to customary covenant requirements (see Note 9, Debt for additional details). The Company expects to be in compliance with its quarterly financial covenants throughout 2023 and 2024, but cannot guarantee that will be the case. In the event of non-compliance with any quarterly financial covenants, should the lenders of the New Senior Term Loan accelerate the maturity of the New Senior Term Loan, the Company would not have sufficient cash on hand or available liquidity to repay the outstanding debt in the event of default. On April 13, 2020, the Company received funding in the principal amount of under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act (the PPP Loan ). The PPP Loan provided additional liquidity and instant funding for the Company to meet the unplanned working capital needs in its effort to transition the majority of its workforce into a remote-work setting due to the COVID-19 outbreak. On February 24, 2022, the U.S. Small Business Administration forgave of the PPP Loan with the remaining balance of to be repaid over . The Company recognized the forgiveness of the PPP Loan as a gain on debt extinguishment. Under the CARES Act, employers were allowed to defer the deposit and payment of the employer s share of the Social Security Tax that would otherwise be due on or after March 27, 2020, and before January 1, 2021. Starting in April 2020, on a monthly basis, the Company deferred paying the employer s share of the Social Security Tax for a total amount of as of December 31, 2020. In compliance with current guidelines, the Company made payments of relating to the deferred Social Security Tax in both December 2021 and December 2022. 

operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past several years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions. These acquisitions have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence, and reach in various market segments. While the Company has offerings in multiple market segments and operates in multiple countries, the Company s business operates in one operating segment because the Company s CODM evaluates the Company s financial information and resources, and assesses the performance of these resources, on a consolidated basis. 
 of the Company's accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Revenue derived from the U.S. Federal Government was and of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, assets located in the United States were approximately percent of total assets. Two vendors individually accounted for more than of the Company s accounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , one vendor represented more than of the total purchases made. 
 Advisory, Advertising, and Other Revenues Advisory revenue is typically earned under contracts for specific deliverables and is non-recurring in nature, although the Company may sell different advisory services to repeat customers. One-time advisory revenue is invoiced according to the terms of the contract, usually delivered to the customer over a short period of time, during which revenue is recognized. Advertising revenue is primarily generated by delivering advertising in its publications (Roll Call and CQ) in both print and digital formats. Revenue for print advertising is recognized upon publication of the advertisement. Revenue for digital advertising is recognized over the period of the advertisement or, if the contract contains impression guarantees, based on delivered impressions. Book revenue is recognized when the product is shipped to the customer, which is when control of the product is transferred to the customer. Shipping and handling costs are treated as a fulfillment activity and are expensed as incurred. 
 . . The four-year amortization period was determined based on several factors, including the nature of the technology and proprietary data underlying the services being purchased, customer contract renewal rates and industry competition. The Company updates its estimate of the period of benefit periodically and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the period of benefit could change significantly. Such changes, if any, are accounted for prospectively as a change in estimate. . The Company does not have material costs to fulfill contracts with customers. 
 
 of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were held at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. In 2017, as an incentive for entering into a lease and building out the Company s head office in Washington, D.C., the District granted to the Company to finance the security deposit of the new office. The Company is required to meet certain covenants, such as maintaining its headquarters in Washington, D.C., and may have to reimburse the District if the covenants are not met. The amount of the grant is reflected as restricted cash, including any interest earned, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 for furniture and fixtures, for equipment, and the for leasehold improvements. Software license fees for externally purchased software are capitalized and amortized over the life of the license. Property and equipment are evaluated for impairment in accordance with management s policy for finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets (see Note 7, Intangible Assets). 
 . Amortization of capitalized software development costs is included in the costs of revenues in the accompanyi ng consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Software development costs are evaluated for impairment in accordance with management s policy for finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets (see Note 7, Intangible Assets). 

impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 borrowing rate. For operating leases, lease expense relating to fixed payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and lease expense relating to variable payments is expensed as incurred. The Company did t have any finance leases at both January 1, 2022 (date of adoption) and at December 31, 2022. The Company records costs associated with leases within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company subleases certain leased office spaces to third parties and recognizes sublease income on a straight-line basis over the sublease term as an offset to lease expense as part of the general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. 

Company s year beginning January 1, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. The Company has evaluated all other issued and unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believes the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, balance sheets, or cash flows. 
 of operating lease assets and of operating lease liabilities. The difference between the operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities at transition represented previously recognized deferred rent, lease incentives, and sublease loss liabilities. The Company did not adjust the prior period balance sheets. Adoption of the standard did not impact our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 5, Leases for required disclosures related to leases. In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12 Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes guidance modifying the requirements for the accounting for income taxes. The simplifications include changes in the accounting for (i) intra-period tax allocations, (ii) outside basis differences in business combinations, (iii) interim provisions, (iv) step-up in tax basis goodwill and (v) franchise and other taxes partially based on income, among other changes. The Company adopted ASC 2019-12 on January 1, 2022. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations (ASC 805) Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers guidance requiring entities to apply ASC 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. Under current GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers and other similar contracts that are accounted for in accordance with ASC 606, at fair value on the acquisition date. Under the new guidance the acquirer will recognize contract assets and contract liabilities at the same amounts recorded by the acquiree. The modifications improve comparability for both the recognition and measurement of acquired revenue contracts with customers at the date of and after a business combination. The Company adopted ASC 2021-08 on January 1, 2022. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Note 
 shares (the Exchange Ratio of New FiscalNote common stock. The shares of New FiscalNote common stock received as consideration by Tim Hwang, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, and Gerald Yao, Co-Founder, Chief Strategy Officer, and Global Head of ESG (together with Mr. Hwang, the Co-Founders ), are Class B shares, and entitle the Co-Founders or their permitted transferees to votes per share until the earlier of 
 At the Closing, each option to purchase Old FiscalNote s common stock, whether vested or unvested, was assumed and converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of New FiscalNote Class A common stock in the manner set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Each restricted stock unit of Old FiscalNote was assumed and converted into restricted stock units of New FiscalNote settling in a number of New FiscalNote Class A common stock in the manner set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the holders of Old FiscalNote equity instruments outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date will be entitled to receive their proportionate allocation of additional shares subject to achievement of certain conditions (see Note 11, Earnout Shares and RSUs). In connection with the Closing, FiscalNote also entered into the million new senior term loan facility (the New Senior Term Loan with Runway Growth Finance Corp., ORIX Growth Capital, LLC, Clover Orochi LLC, and ACM ASOF VIII SaaS FinCo LLC (together the New Senior Lenders ). The New Senior Term Loan was consummated simultaneously with the Closing. The Company accounted for the Business Combination as a reverse recapitalization whereby Old FiscalNote was determined as the accounting acquirer and DSAC as the accounting acquiree. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, for further details. Accordingly, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old FiscalNote issuing stock for the net assets of DSAC, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of DSAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Upon the closing of the Transactions and the New Senior Term Loan, the Company received total gross proceeds of million, which consisted of million from DSAC s trust, million from the backstop agreement with the sponsor of DSAC, and million from the New Senior Term Loan. Such gross proceeds were offset by million transaction costs, which principally consisted of advisory, legal and other professional fees, and were recorded in Additional Paid-in Capital, net of proceeds from the DSAC trust and million of debt issuance costs paid out of the proceeds of the New Senior Term Loan on the Closing Date, of which million was capitalized and million included in the loss on debt extinguishment. Cumulative debt repayments, inclusive of accrued but unpaid interest, of million were paid in conjunction with the close, which consisted of a million repayment of the First Out Term Loan, million repayment of the Last Out Term Loan, a million payment used to retire the non-converting portion of the Senior Secured Subordinated Promissory Note, a million repayment of the 8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note, and million repayment of the 2021 Seller Notes. 

 Note 

Advisory 

Advertising 

Books 

Other revenue 

Total 

Revenue by Geographic Locations 

Europe 

Australia 

Asia 

Total 

Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. North America revenue consists solely of revenue attributed to the United States. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , revenue attributed to the United Kingdom represented approximately percent of total revenues. No other foreign country represented more than percent of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract Assets The Company had contract assets of and , as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Contract assets are generated when contractual billing schedules differ from the timing of revenue recognition or cash collections. They represent a conditional right to consideration for satisfied performance obligations that becomes a receivable when the conditions are satisfied. They are recorded as part of other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred Revenue 

Acquired deferred revenue 

Revenue recognized in the current period from amounts in the prior balance 

() 

New deferrals, net of amounts recognized in the current period 

Effects of foreign currency 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Acquired deferred revenue 

Revenue recognized in the current period from amounts in the prior balance 

() 

New deferrals, net of amounts recognized in the current period 

Effects of foreign currency 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Costs to Obtain During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized and of costs to obtain revenue contracts and amortized and to sales and marketing expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. There were impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unsatisfied Performance Obligations At December 31, 2022, the Company had of remaining contract consideration for which revenue has not been recognized due to unsatisfied performance obligations. The Company expects to recognize this revenue over the next five years . 

 74 

Note 
 consisted of common shares of Old FiscalNote that were then exchanged into Class A common shares of New FiscalNote pursuant to the Exchange Ratio and contingent consideration. Pursuant to the terms of the acquisition agreement, certain of the sellers of Aicel are eligible for additional contingent consideration of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company incurred expenses of approximately in connection with the transaction, of which approximately was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

Total 

The fair value of the Class A common stock issued was estimated based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration is estimated based on the expected future cash flows and revenues along with the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of acquisition. The contingent consideration consists of shares of the Company s Class A common stock and is scheduled to be delivered within eighteen months upon achievement of certain revenue targets pursuant to the terms of the prevailing purchase agreement. The contingent consideration is payable to certain selling shareholders and contains no future service conditions. The fair value of the contingent consideration was recorded as equity as the number of shares that ultimately may be issued upon achievement of the revenue targets is fixed. Classification as equity requires fair value measurement initially and there are no subsequent re-measurements. Settlement of equity-classified contingent consideration is accounted for within equity. The acquisition also includes contingent payments in the form of up to in cash, shares of the Company s Class A common stock on a post-exchange basis and of restricted stock upon achievement of certain revenue targets. . The contingent payments are payable to certain employees, contingent on them remaining employed through the contingency payout date. The estimated fair value of the contingent payments on the date of acquisition is considered post-combination compensation expense and recognized based on management s determination of the likelihood of the revenue targets being met. In the event that compensation expense is recognized and the revenue targets are not met, the previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. Post-combination compensation expense of was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which was accrued as a contingent liability and the remainder recorded as equity-based compensation. In December 2022, the contingent liability was paid. 

Current assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Equity method investment 

Intangible assets 

Deferred revenues 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Debt 

() 

Total net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired and could not be individually identified and separately recognized including expected synergies and assembled workforce. 

Database 

Customer relationships 

Tradename 

Total intangible assets acquired 

The estimated fair values of the developed technology, database, customer relationships, and tradename were determined using the income approach. The approaches used to estimate the fair values use significant unobservable inputs including revenue and cash flow forecasts, customer attrition rates, and appropriate discount rates. For federal income tax purposes, the Company plans to make a Section 338(g) election which would treat the transaction as an asset acquisition for federal income tax purposes which results in additional tax basis approximately equal to the fair value assigned at the acquisition date. The intangibles and goodwill are to be amortized over years. Additionally, there were no significant deferred tax assets or liabilities identified as part of the transaction to be recorded on the acquisition date. The tax asset allocation will be finalized with the filing of the 2022 return. DT-Global Asset Acquisition On September 30, 2022, the Company acquired certain assets of DT-Global Business Consulting, a Vienna, Austria subscription-based market intelligence company which provides in-depth expertise and analysis for Central Eastern Europe, Commonwealth of Independent States, and Middle East-Africa areas. The aggregate purchase price was , which included an upfront cash payment of and purchase price holdbacks of , along with of contingent consideration related to operational milestones. The Company accounted for this acquisition as an asset purchase. In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred direct transaction costs of approximately which have been classified as costs of acquisition. The costs of acquisition are allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their fair values at the date of acquisition, and any excess is allocated to intangible assets. The costs of acquisition exceeded the fair value of net assets acquired by approximately . The Company allocated the excess to the customer relationship intangible asset. The intangible asset will be amortized over . As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration was determined to be probable and reasonably estimable, the consideration of was attributed to the customer relationship intangible asset with a corresponding liability of recorded as part of Contingent Liabilities from Acquisitions on the consolidated balance sheets and a payment of the liability was made in January 2023. For federal income tax purposes, the Company will obtain tax basis in the assets acquired equal to the purchase price, as adjusted and allocated, pursuant to IRC guidelines. The resulting intangible asset will be amortized over . As of December 31, 2022, the contingent consideration was not paid and will be excluded from federal tax asset allocation until paid. 2021 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company acquired (a) The Oxford Analytica International Group Incorporated Oxford Analytica ), (b) Fireside 21, LLC Fireside ); (c) TimeBase Pty. Ltd. Timebase ); (d) Board.org, LLC Board.org ); (e) Equilibrium World Pte. Ltd. Equilibrium ); (f) Predata, Inc. Predata ), (g) Curate Solutions, Inc. Curate ), (h) Forge.ai, Inc. Forge ), and (i) FrontierView Strategy Group FrontierView (collectively the 2021 Acquisitions ). In connection with the 2021 Acquisitions, the Company incurre d in transaction costs in 2021. The Company financed these acquisitions through a combination of cash, debt, and equity financing including the issuance of seller notes and convertible notes, and the Company s common stock. The operations of each acquisition have been included in the Company s consolidated results of operations since the respective closing dates of each acquisition. The Company measures all assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair value. The purchase price allocation for the 2021 Acquisitions had been finalized as of December 31, 2021. 

Europe 

Australia 

Asia 

Purchase Consideration for the 2021 Acquisitions The fair value of the common stock issued was estimated based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of each acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration is estimated based on the expected future cash flows and revenues along with the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of acquisition. 

Cash 

Fair value of common stock (a) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value of seller notes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value of contingent consideration (b) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value of contributed interests (c) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

(a) The Company transferred the following shares to certain of the sellers of the 2021 Acquisitions: (i) for Oxford Analytica, (ii) for Equilibrium, (iii) for Predata, (iv) for Curate, and (v) for Forge, respectively. 

 (b) Pursuant to the terms of the acquisition agreements, the sellers of certain of the 2021 Acquisitions were eligible for additional contingent consideration consisting of: (i) up to shares for Curate, and (ii) shares for Forge (all of which have been issued to the Forge employees at the closing, and are subject to clawback based on the earnout provisions), respectively. 

 (c) The fair value of the contributed interests reflects the Company s CEO contributing his previously held minority interest in Equilibrium to the Company which is reflected as a capital contribution to the Company. 

Purchase Price Allocation for the 2021 Acquisitions The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized including expected synergies and assembled workforce, for which there is generally no basis for income tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable 

- 

- 

Other assets 

- 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Deferred tax liability 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Total net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

(a) , , and in connection with the Fireside, Board.org, and FrontierView acquisitions, respectively) will be deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

 Intangible assets from the 2021 Acquisitions The estimated fair values of developed technology, customer relationships, databases, tradenames, and content library were determined using the income approach. The estimated fair value of the expert network was determined using a with and without analysis comparing expected revenues and cash flows with the expert network in place and those that would be expected if the expert network were not in place. The approach used to estimate the fair values use significant unobservable inputs including revenue and cash flow forecasts, customer attrition rates and appropriate discount rates. 

- 

- 

Customer relationships 

- 

- 

Databases 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Tradenames 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Expert network 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Content library 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total intangible assets acquired 

Contingent Consideration for the 2021 Acquisitions The contingent consideration consists of the Company s common stock and restricted stock units and is generally scheduled to be delivered within one to upon achievement of certain revenue targets pursuant to the terms of the prevailing purchase agreements. The contingent consideration is payable to all selling shareholders in connection with the Curate and Forge acquisitions, and contains no future service conditions. The amount of fair value attributed to purchase consideration will be adjusted based on changes to the fair value of contingent consideration at each subsequent reporting period with changes being recorded through the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Changes to the fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Fair value of contingent consideration as of December 31, 2021 

Changes to the fair value of contingent consideration 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Earned contingent consideration settled 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Unearned contingent consideration reversal 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Fair value of contingent consideration as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Contingent Compensation for the 2021 Acquisitions Certain of the 2021 Acquisitions also included contingent compensation in the form of cash and/or the Company s common stock. The contingent compensation is generally scheduled to be delivered in one to upon achievement of certain revenue targets per agreed upon terms. The contingent compensation payments are payable to certain employees, contingent on them remaining employed through the contingency payout date. The estimated fair value of the contingent compensation on the date of acquisition is considered post-combination compensation expense and recognized based on management s determination of the likelihood of the revenue targets being met. In the event that compensation expense is recognized and the revenue targets are not met, the previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. 

Contingent compensation settled in 2021 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Contingent compensation liability as of December 31, 2021 

Contingent compensation recognized 

() 

- 

Contingent compensation settled 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Unearned contingent compensation reversal 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Contingent compensation liability as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

(a) Equilibrium contingent compensation consists of up to in cash and shares of the Company's common stock. 

 (b) Forge contingent compensation consists of an employee retention bonus in the amount of and up to shares of the Company's common stock. These shares are subject to clawback based on the earnout provisions. As of June 30, 2022, Forge employees earned cash contingent compensation of , of which was paid in the second quarter of 2022 and the remaining was initially scheduled to be paid in the first quarter in 2023 but deemed cancelled and therefore reversed during the third quarter in 2022 due to the departure of the individual employee recipient. 

(c) in the second quarter of 2022. The second contingent compensation threshold is also for and subject to FrontierView achieving previously agreed upon revenue targets. 

 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information The unaudited pro forma financial information presented below summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and the 2021 Acquisitions as though the companies were combined as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information for all periods presented includes, among other items, amortization charges from acquired intangible assets, retention and other compensation accounted for separately from purchase accounting, interest expense (including amortization of various discounts) on acquisition debt issued to the various sellers, the impacts of common stock issued to the various sellers, and the related tax effects, but excludes the impacts of any expected operational synergies. The unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the 2021 Acquisitions been acquired on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 combine the historical results of the Company with the historical results of the 2021 Acquisitions for the period prior to the acquisition dates, and the effects of the pro forma adjustments discussed above. 

Advisory, advertising, and other 

Total revenues 

Net loss 

() 

Subscription revenue from the 2021 Acquisitions (excluding the deferred revenue haircut of recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled . Advisory, advertising, and other revenue from the 2021 Acquisitions recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled . The 2021 Acquisitions did not have a material impact to the Company's net loss during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 Acquisitions did not have a material impact to the Company's revenue and net loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

 Note 
 . The Company s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. The period which is subject to an option to extend or terminate the lease is included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease costs 

Sublease income 

() 
 
 (a) Excludes operating lease assets impairment charge of related to an unoccupied existing office space lease recorded in the first quarter of 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: Amounts representing interest 

Net minimum lease payments 

Weighted average discount rate 

Supplemental noncash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating lease assets: 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

In March 2022, the Company ceased use of excess office space under one of its existing leases, with the intent to sublease this space. In accordance with ASC 360, the Company evaluated the asset group for impairment, which included the associated operating lease asset for the office space, as the change in circumstances indicated the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable. The Company compared the expected future undiscounted cash flows for the office space to the carrying amount and determined that it was impaired. The Company recognized the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset group, which totaled , as an impairment expense as part of general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The impairment charge resulted in a reduction of to the operating lease asset. In April 2021, the Company entered into a modification of one of its existing subleases. The sublease modification was to confirm exercise of the renewal period but at a reduced rate. As a result of the sublease modification the Company remeasured its existing sublease loss liability to reflect the impact of the modification of the anticipated cash flows. Subsequently, the Company exercised its termination notification right on this lease which resulted in a termination fee payment of made on December 31, 2021 (lease termination notice date) and a second termination fee payment of due on (the lease termination effective date). As of December 31, 2021, the sublease loss liability associated with this lease was . In November 2021, the Company acquired an office space lease as part of the acquisition of FrontierView. At December 31, 2021 the office space was unoccupied by any Company personnel and the Company intended to sublease the office space. Based on the terms of the existing lease along with an estimate of future cash flows from a proposed sublease, the Company recorded a lease loss liability of during the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2017, as an incentive for entering into a lease and building out the Company s head office in the District of Columbia, the District authorized a grant to the Company in the amount of , which has been disclosed as restricted cash, to finance the security deposit of the new office. The Company is required to meet certain covenants, such as maintaining its headquarters in Washington, D.C. and may have to reimburse the District if the covenants are not met. The Company recorded the grant as a grant liability and will relieve the liability if and when all requirements are met. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Computer equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Long-term assets outside of the United States were less than million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and is recorded as part of the general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 81 

Note 7 

() 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

() 

Databases 

() 

() 

Tradenames 

() 

() 

Expert network 

() 

() 

Patents 

() 

() 

Content library 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

inite-lived intangible assets are stated at cost, net of amortization, generally using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the intangible assets. Amortization of intangible assets, excluding developed technology, was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of developed technology was recorded as part of cost of revenues in the amount of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Capitalized software development costs 

() 

() 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized interest on capitalized software development costs in the amount of and , respectively. Amortization of capitalized software development costs was recorded as part of cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the amount of and , respectively. The estimated useful life is determined at the time each project is placed in service. 

 Note 8 

Acquisitions 

Impact of foreign currency fluctuations 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Acquisition 

Impact of foreign currency fluctuations 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Note 9 

- 

Convertible notes 

Aicel Convertible Note 

- 

PPP loan 

First out term loan 

- 

Last out term loan 

- 

Senior Secured Subordinated Promissory Note 

- 

8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note 

- 

Convertible notes - related parties 

- 

2021 seller convertible notes 

- 

2021 seller term loans 

- 

Total gross debt 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total 

Less: Current portion 

() 

() 

Total 

a) New Senior Term Loan 

 Concurrently with the Closing, FiscalNote, Inc., a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., entered into a New Senior Term Loan consisting of a fully funded principal amount of million and an uncommitted incremental loan facility totaling million available upon notice if the Company meets certain financial growth criteria and other customary requirements (the New Incremental Term Facility (collectively the New Senior Credit Facility ). per annum or (ii) payable monthly in cash, and (b) interest payable in kind component of per annum, payable in kind monthly. Beginning on August 15, 2025, of the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Term Loan must be repaid in even amounts on a monthly basis over the remaining , with the final balance due on . The New Senior Credit Facility will mature on , the five-year anniversary of the Closing Date. The Prime Rate was at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and of cash interest and paid-in-kind interest, respectively, on the New Senior Term Loan. Paid-in-kind interest is reflected as a component of the carrying value of the New Senior Term Loan as the payment of such interest will occur upon the settlement of the New Senior Term Loan. The Company may prepay the New Senior Term Loan in whole, subject to a prepayment fee if prepaid prior to July 30, 2024, prepayment fee if prepaid prior to July 30, 2025, and prepayment fee if prepaid on or after July 30, 2025. The Company must pay certain of the new lenders deferred debt issuance costs of at the earlier of prepayment or July 29, 2023. The Company must also pay to the lenders a final payment of at the earlier of prepayment or maturity of the New Senior Term Loan. The Company incurred of lender fees that were paid out of the net proceeds of the New Senior Term Loan on the Closing Date. The Company also incurred of fees paid to third parties. Capitalized debt issuance costs on the Closing Date totaled . The Company amortizes debt discounts over the term of the New Senior Term Loans using the effective interest method. The amortization recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , and is included within interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The remaining unamortized debt discount at December 31, 2022 is , and is reflected net within debt on the consolidated balance sheets. The New Senior Term Loan is senior to all other debt and has a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. The New Senior Term Loan contains customary negative covenants related to borrowing, events of default and covenants, including certain non-financial covenants and covenants limiting the Company s ability to dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge with or acquire stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions. In addition to the negative covenants, there were financial covenants in place at December 31, 2022 related to a minimum cash balance requirement of at all times as well as an annual recurring revenue requirement. Effective with Amendment No. 1 (as further described and defined in Note 19, Subsequent Events ), and in addition to the existing minimum cash balance requirement and the annual recurring revenue requirement, the Company is also subject to a limitation on capital expenditures and an adjusted EBITDA requirement (both as defined in the New Senior Term Loan, as amended). Upon the occurrence of an event of default, in addition to the lenders being able to declare amounts outstanding under the New Senior Term Loan due and payable the lenders can elect to increase the interest rate by per annum. At December 31, 2022 the Company was in compliance with the minimum cash balance requirement. The average annual recurring revenue requirement is determined in accordance with the New Senior Term Loan as the average of the ending annual recurring revenue for each month end within the applicable quarter. At December 31, 2022 the Company s average annual recurring revenue calculated pursuant to the terms of the New Senior Term Loan was million as compared to a minimum average annual recurring revenue requirement of million. On March 17, 2023 the New Senor Term Loan lenders waived their rights upon default retroactive to December 31, 2022. b) Aicel Convertible Note 

 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Aicel, the Company assumed a convertible note Aicel Convertible Note issued by Aicel in a private placement to a third-party lender dated July 27, 2022. The Aicel Convertible Note was issued in a principal amount of , with paid-in-kind interest at an annual rate of . All principal and accrued and unpaid interest are due on maturity at . The Aicel Convertible Note provides for no prepayments until maturity without written consent of the lender. The Aicel Convertible Note can be converted upon the occurrence of certain events, including (i) Aicel initial public offering IPO ), (ii) change in control of Aicel (the acquisition of Aicel by FiscalNote did not constitute a change in control as defined in the purchase agreement), or (iii) sale of substantially all of Aicel s assets (collectively, a Conversion Event ). The Company has the right to convert the Aicel Convertible Note into shares of common stock issued in an IPO, if (a) the Conversion Event is an IPO and (b) the price per share paid in an IPO is greater than the stipulated initial conversion price. The lender has the right to elect to convert the Aicel Convertible Note into shares of common stock upon the occurrence of a Conversion Event. At any time after the second anniversary of the Aicel acquisition closing date until the earlier of (a) the Aicel Convertible Note maturity date, or (b) the occurrence of any liquidity event, the lender has the right to require FiscalNote to repurchase the outstanding principal in exchange for FiscalNote common stock. The lender will receive a number of shares of FiscalNote equal to the outstanding principal plus accrued interest divided by the FiscalNote common stock price and rounded to the nearest whole share. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, in addition to the lenders being able to declare amounts outstanding under the Aicel Convertible Note due and payable the lenders can elect to increase the paid-in-kind interest rate to per annum. The Aicel Convertible Note was recorded at its acquisition fair value of . The Company incurred total interest expense related to the Aicel Convertible Note of for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Aicel Convertible Note had a carrying balance of as of December 31, 2022 . c) Convertible Notes 

 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received gross proceeds of from the issuance of convertible promissory notes (the 2021 Notes and along with the convertible notes issued in 2019 and 2020, collectively the Convertible Notes in various private placements to accredited investors. Certain of the 2021 Notes contain a beneficial conversion feature BCF initially valued at net of taxes) as of December 31, 2021. This has been recorded as a credit to additional paid-in capital and resulted in a debt discount to be amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the applicable 2021 Notes. The Convertible Notes were classified into four distinct groupings with similar terms. The Convertible Notes had maturities between one and , earned PIK interest ranging from - per annum and were convertible at the option of the holders or upon certain contingent events, including defined future qualified financings, into shares of senior capital stock or the specific capital stock issued in any such contingent events. The holders also had various contingent redemption rights, including upon default and changes in control, and registration rights and are subordinated to defined senior indebtedness. Certain embedded contingent redemption rights were reflected as derivative liabilities and were accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The discount to the Convertible Notes created by such embedded derivatives was amortized as additional interest expense over the terms of the Convertible Notes. The issuance costs with respect to the Convertible Notes, which are recorded as a debt discount, were deferred and amortized as additional interest expense over the terms of the Convertible Notes. 

() 

() 

2020 Notes 

() 

() 

- 

2021 Notes 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

The holder of of Convertible Notes issued in 2019 entered into an ag reement with a revocable trust (the Trust ), the trustee of which is the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Trust agreed to purchase the 2019 Convertible Notes from the holder on its one-year anniversary for in cash and worth of shares of the Company s capital stock held by the Trust, for a total value of . The Company reflected the Trust s obligation to issue the worth of shares of capital stock to the holder as a capital contribution in 2019 with an offsetting charge to interest expense. On March 1, 2021 (the Effective Date ), the parties entered into an agreement providing for the Company to issue shares of Series F Preferred Stock valued at in exchange for the termination of the Trust s obligation and amendment of the Convertible Notes (the Letter Agreement ). The Letter Agreement provided for, among other things, a reduced interest rate from to and waiving all accrued interest through the Effective Date. The Letter Agreement was accounted for as a debt modification with (i) related to termination of the Trust s obligation being recognized as a capital distribution with an offsetting debt premium, (ii) writing off of accrued interest that was forgiven, and (iii) recording deferred financing fees of reflecting the net balance of the Series F Preferred Stock and the forgiven interest. The deferred financing fee was amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the note using the effective interest method. Concurrent with the Closing, certain convertible noteholders elected to convert their holdings of , representing principal and accrued PIK interest, into common shares of Old FiscalNote which were then exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. The Company recognized additional interest expense of related to the derecognition of the unamortized contingent BCF that was recorded on the issuance date and re-evaluated upon redemption of certain of the convertible notes. As certain of the convertible notes were treated as redemptions for accounting purposes as the holder converted pursuant to the variable-share conversion option, the Company recognized an aggregate loss of due to early extinguishment of those redeemed convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. Convertible notes representing a net carrying value of (consisting of a principal balance of , of PIK Interest, and of unamortized debt discount) remain outstanding at December 31, 2022. The Company incurred total interest expense related to the Convertible Notes, including the amortization of the various discounts, of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. d) PPP loan 

 On April 13, 2020, the Company received funding in the principal amount of under the CARES Act. Interest accrues at . On February 14, 2022, the SBA forgave of the PPP Loan with the remaining balance of to be repaid over . The Company recognized the forgiveness of the PPP Loan as a gain on debt extinguishment on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of the remaining PPP Loan as short-term debt and as long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. e) Senior Capital Term Loan Refinancing 

 In October 2020, FiscalNote, Inc., CQ Roll Call, VoterVoice, and Sandhill (all wholly-owned subsidiaries of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and collectively the Borrower ), FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and FiscalNote Holdings II, Inc. (collectively the Guarantors ), Midcap Financial and Apollo Apollo ), Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. as Agent Agent or Runway ), Arrowroot Capital IV, L.P. Arrowroot ), Corbel Capital Partners SBIC, L.P. Corbel and CFIC Partners II, LLC CFIC (collectively the Old FiscalNote Lenders entered into various agreements ultimately providing for the Company to refinance its then existing long-term debt agreement. The transactions are collectively referred to as the Old FiscalNote Refinancing and the amended debt as the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan. Pursuant to the terms of the New Senior Term Loan and concurrently with the Closing, the Company was required to repay the full outstanding balance of the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan of . In connection with t he repayment, the Company incurred a prepayment fee of , legal costs associated with the repayment of and wrote off loan origination fees of . This resulted in an aggregate loss of due to early extinguish ment of the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan consisted of the First Out Term Loan and the Last Out Term Loan. Each of these loans had differing terms and conditions as outlined below. First Out Term Loan On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 9 to the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan Amendment No. 9 ). As a result of Amendment No. 9, certain of the Company s financial covenants were updated to reflect the impact of recent acquisitions, the Company s recently acquired domestic subsidiaries were joined as subsidiary guarantors of the facility, and certain restrictive covenants were modified in light of the Company s current operations, among other matters. The Company also increased its principal balance of the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan with the First Out Lender by and received loan proceeds of net of origination fee and reimbursement of certain transaction expenses of . The Company incurred of additional fees, totaling , which were expensed during the third quarter of 2021. In addition, on September 30, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Subordinated Promissory Note with GPO FN Noteholder LLC, which effected corresponding modifications to the financial and restrictive covenants thereunder. The Company accounted for Amendment No. 9 as a debt modification where the increased principal was recorded as an increase to the loan carrying value and all incurred fees were considered third-party fees and expensed as incurred. On March 25, 2022 the Company entered into Amendment No. 11 to the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan Amendment No. 11 ). As a result of Amendment No. 11, certain of the Company s financial covenants were updated to reflect the Company's 2022 budget, FrontierView joined as a subsidiary guarantor of the facility, and certain restrictive covenants were modified in light of the Company s current operations, among other matters. The Company also increased its principal balance of the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan by less an origination fee and reimbursement of certain transaction expenses totaling of which were expensed during the three months ended March 31, 2022 with the remaining capitalized as debt issuance costs). Accordingly, pursuant to Amendment No. 11, the Company received net proceeds of . In addition, on March 25, 2022 the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Subordinated Promissory Note with GPO FN Noteholder LLC, which effected corresponding modifications to the financial and restrictive covenants thereunder. As part of Amendment No. 11, the Company issued the Last Out Lenders warrants to purchase common stock of the Company that have been accounted for as additional deferred financing costs and recorded as a liability. The grant date fair value of the warrants issued to the Last Out Lenders was . The Company accounted for Amendment No. 11 as a debt modification where the increased principal was recorded as an increase to the loan carrying value and third-party fees expensed as incurred. The Company was required to pay the First Out Lender monthly cash interest on the First Out Term Loan. The First Out Term Loan contained a contingent default interest provision and a variable interest credit basis swap that were required to be bifurcated and treated as embedded derivative liabilities. An evaluation of the embedded features led to the conclusion that any associated value was immaterial and required no initial amount to be recorded. A warrant to purchase shares of common stock (the First Out Lender Warrant was issued to the First Out Lender. The First Out Lender Warrant was issued as an additional fee in connection with the Old FiscalNote Refinancing. The Company has classified the First Out Lender Warrant as equity and it has been recorded at its initial fair value, with an offset to deferred financing costs, in the amount of . In connection with the Closing, the First Out Lender exercised its First Out Lender Warrant and at December 31, 2022 there are outstanding First Out Lender Warrants. Last Out Term Loans The Company was required to pay the Last Out Lenders Payment-in-Kind PIK interest at , accrued monthly, as well as PIK fees of per annum. The Company was also required to pay an exit fee of at the earlier of the maturity date or repayment of the outstanding amount. The Last Out Term Loans contained a original issue discount. This discount was recorded at issuance against the loan principal and was subsequently amortized as additional interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Last Out Term Loans. The Last Out Term Loan contained a lender default put and contingent default interest that are required to be bifurcated and treated as embedded derivative liabilities. An evaluation of the embedded features led to the conclusion that any associated value was immaterial and required no initial amount to be recorded. The Last Out Lenders purchased Series F Preferred Stock from Apollo concurrently with the purchase of the outstanding loans as part of the Old FiscalNote Refinancing. The preferred stock was accounted for as temporary equity at its redemption value up until the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, all of the Series F Preferred Stock was converted into Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. Warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock (the Last Out Lender Warrants were issued to the three Last Out Lenders, Arrowroot, CFIC, and Corbel as an additional fee in connection with the Refinancing under Amendment No. 11. The Company has classified the Last Out Lender Warrants as a liability and recorded them at their initial fair values, with offsetting deferred financing costs, in the aggregated amount of . The Last Out Lender Warrants remained outstanding subsequent to the Closing of the Business Combination. f) Senior Secured Subordinated Promissory Note 

 The Economist Group TEG Seller Note Equity Sale On December 29, 2020, (the TEG Closing Date), TEG, the Company, FN SPV Holdings Pty Ltd SPV and GPO FN Noteholder LLC GPO entered into various agreements (the TEG Transactions to effect TEG s divestiture of its investment in, and amounts due from, the Company. On the TEG Closing Date, SPV purchased shares of Series E Preferred Stock Series E PS from TEG for . In consideration for facilitating the transaction, the Company received a right to of any gains realized by SPV upon liquidation of their Series E PS. GPO purchased the Original TEG Seller Note from TEG with a balance of (the New GPO Note ), which included the principal and accrued paid-in-kind interest of . The Company did not receive any payment as a result of the TEG Transactions. The New GPO Note also amended and restated the Original TEG Seller Note to provide for, among other things, the addition of various conversion options. The New GPO Note continued to bear PIK interest at . The New GPO Note was convertible into common shares upon certain specified circumstances (the Conversion Shares ). Promissory Note The embedded conversion option ECO in the New GPO Note contained both fixed and variable share settlement conditions. The conditions requiring settlement in fixed shares were evaluated as a conversion feature while those settleable in a variable number of shares were evaluated as a redemption feature. The New GPO Note contained a BCF initially valued at net of taxes). This was recorded as a credit to additional paid-in capital and resulted in a debt discount to be amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the New GPO Note. The redemption feature was required to be bifurcated as an embedded derivative liability. The redemption feature was initially recorded at its fair value of . This resulted in a debt discount to be amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the New GPO Note. The derivative liability was revalued at each reporting period with changes being recorded as a non-operating gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Pursuant to the terms of the New GPO Note and concurrent with the Closing, the Company repaid of cash towards the outstanding balance due to the holder of the New GPO Note. The remaining principal and accrued interest balance of was satisfied through the issuance of common shares in Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. In connection with the settlement of the New GPO Note, the Company wrote off unamortized debt discount of and recognized an aggregate loss of due to early extinguishment of the New GPO Note during the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the unpaid balance converting into shares pursuant to the variable-share conversion option. The loss on the early extinguishment of the new GPO note was recorded as a non-operating loss in Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Series E Preferred Shares The SPV purchase of outstanding Series E PS from TEG was a transaction between Company shareholders and as such there was no financial statement adjustment required. There was a contingent arrangement fee which did not require an adjustment to the consolidated financial statements until such time as the occurrence was deemed probable and estimable. In accordance with the terms of the Series E PS, the Company received shares of Old FiscalNote common stock that was retired in conjunction with the conversion of the Series E PS into Class A common stock of New FiscalNote pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination agreement on the Closing Date of the Transaction. g) 8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note 

 On December 29, 2021 the Company entered into a subordinated promissory note for with 8090 FV LLC (the 8090 Note that would also allow the Company to increase the subordinated promissory notes by on the same terms and conditions. The 8090 Note earned PIK interest of beginning on March 1, 2022. The 8090 Note was subject to an exit fee in the same amount of accrued PIK interest. The exit fee together with unpaid principal and PIK interest was collectively the Payoff Amount . The Company incurred transaction expenses of which were recorded as deferred financing costs to be amortized as additional interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the 8090 FN Note. The Company started accruing for the ongoing interest and exit fee as interest expense each period on March 1, 2022 and recorded monthly interest expense to accrete for the final payment fee of beginning on January 1, 2022. The Company recorded the second tranche commitment fee of as an operating expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company concluded that the mandatory repayment upon an event of default and the mandatory buyback events required bifurcation as embedded derivative liabilities (put rights) and was accounted for as a single combined derivative liability recorded at fair value. The embedded derivative liabilities were initially valued at as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, the Company recorded the derivative liabilities of as a debt discount to be amortized as additional interest expense over the expected term using the effective interest method. The liability was marked-to-market each balance sheets period with the change being recorded as a non-operating gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Pursuant to the terms of the New Senior Term Loan and concurrent with the Closing, the Company was required to repay the full outstanding balance of the 8090 Note of (including of accrued and unpaid interest on the amount of additional borrowings up to the Company was entitled to). In connection with the repayment, the Company recognized an aggregate gain of due to early extinguishment of the 8090 Note during the year ended December 31, 2022. The gain on the early extinguishment of the 8090 Note was recorded as a non-operating gain in Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company recorded interest expense of during the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. h) FrontierView Convertible Notes 

 Concurrent with, and in order to finance the acquisition of FrontierView on November 19, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note with XC FiscalNote-B, LLC and a convertible note with Skyone Capital Pty Limited, (collectively the FrontierView Convertible Notes ). Keith Nilsson, a director of FiscalNote, is managing director of XC FiscalNote-B, LLC and Conrad Yiu, a director of FiscalNote, is director of Skyone Capital Pty Limited, respectively. Both lenders in the transaction are existing members of the board of directors of the Company as well as equity investors in the Company. Accordingly, the Company has presented the FrontierView Convertible Notes as a related party balance on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2021. The FrontierView Convertible Notes were subordinate to the Old FiscalNote Senior Term Loan and the New GPO Note, accrued no interest, did not provide for voluntary prepayment, were to mature at in the event the conversion events had not occurred by September 30, 2024, and provided for automatic conversion as defined within the agreement at . The Company did not incur third party expenses related to the issuance of the FrontierView Convertible Notes. The FrontierView Convertible Notes contained embedded features including automatic conversion upon a conversion event (both fixed and variable), optional conversion upon a change of control (both fixed and variable), optional redemption feature upon a change of control and redemption features upon an event of default. The conditions requiring settlement in fixed shares are evaluated as conversion features while those settleable in a variable number of shares are evaluated as redemption features. The Company determined that the embedded conversion options were not clearly and closely related to the debt host. As the Company was a private company and its shares were not tradable, the shares would not be readily convertible to cash. Consequently, the embedded conversion options did not meet the net settlement criteria and thus, they did not meet the definition of a derivative. Upon settlement of the FrontierView Convertible Notes, the Company determined there was no contingent beneficial conversion features. The Company determined that the embedded redemption features were not clearly and closely related to the debt host and were required to be bifurcated from the debt host, and therefore were combined and accounted as a single embedded derivative liability. The Company determined that the fair value of the redemption features approximated and therefore did not assign any value to the embedded redemption features as of December 31, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the FrontierView Convertible Note and concurrently with the Closing, in exchange for of the amount due upon automatic conversion, the holders of the FrontierView Convertible Note received common shares in Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio . In connection with the repayment, the Company recognized an aggregate loss of due to early extinguishment of the FrontierView Convertible Notes, as a result of the balance converting into shares pursuant to the variable-share conversion option. The loss on the early extinguishment of the FrontierView Convertible Notes was recorded as a non-operating loss in the Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recorded of interest expense to accrete for the final payment fee of at a computed annual effective interest rate of , respectively. i) 2021 Seller Convertible Notes and Term Loans 

 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued notes to certain sellers in conjunction with the 2021 Acquisitions (the 2021 Seller Notes ): Fireside21 On April 30, 2021, the Company issued the Fireside sellers: (i) of subordinated, unsecured promissory notes (the Fireside Promissory Notes and (ii) of convertible subordinated promissory notes (the Fireside Convertible Notes ). The Fireside Promissory Notes (i) provided for interest at the applicable federal rate AFR ( at issuance), (ii) provided for maturity on the earlier of or upon an event of default, (iii) provided for payments until maturity, (iv) allowed the Company to prepay in whole or in part from time to time, and (v) were subordinate to the Company s Senior Term Loan and New GPO Note. The Company did not incur a material amount of issuance costs with respect to the Fireside Promissory Notes. The Fireside Promissory Notes were recorded at their issuance fair value of with a debt discount of to be amortized as additional interest expense over the term. The Fireside Convertible Notes (i) provided for interest at the AFR at issuance), (ii) provided for automatic conversion into shares of Company common stock on the earlier of or a conversion event, (iii) provided for payments until maturity, and (v) were subordinate to the Company s Senior Term Loan and New GPO Note. Conversion events included closing of a firm commitment public offering or a change in control event. The Company did not incur a material amount of issuance costs with respect to the Fireside Convertible Notes. The Company recorded the Fireside Convertible Notes at its principal amount of and recorded the debt premium of as an increase to additional paid-in capital. Pursuant to the terms of the Fireside Promissory Notes and concurrently with the Closing, the Company was required to repay the full outstanding balance of the Fireside Promissory Notes of (including of accrued and unpaid interest). In connection with the repayment, the Company recognized an aggregate loss of due to early extinguishment of the Fireside Promissory Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss on the early extinguishment of the Fireside Promissory Notes was recorded as a non-operating loss in Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Pursuant to the terms of the Fireside Convertible Notes and concurrently with the Closing, in exchange for of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the Fireside Convertible Notes, the holders received common shares in Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. gain or loss on the settlement of the Fireside Convertible Notes was recognized as the Fireside Convertible Notes converted pursuant to their original conversion features. The Company incurred total interest expense related to the Fireside Promissory Notes and the Fireside Convertible Notes, of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Timebase On May 7, 2021, the Company issued the Timebase sellers AUD (USD equivalent of on the date of issuance) of subordinated, convertible promissory notes (the Timebase Convertible Notes ). The Timebase Convertible Notes (i) provided for PIK interest of , (ii) provided for maturity on the earlier of or an event of default, (iii) provided for automatic conversion upon a conversion event, (iv) provided for payments until maturity, and (v) were subordinate to the Company s Senior Term Loan and New GPO Note. Conversion events included closing of a firm commitment public offering or a change in control event. Upon a conversion event, the Timebase Convertible Notes were to convert into the same class and series of shares issued in the conversion event at the midpoint of the price range anticipated in such event. The Company did not incur a material amount of issuance costs with respect to the Timebase Convertible Notes. The Timebase Convertible Notes were recorded at their issuance fair value of with a debt discount of to be amortized as additional interest expense over the term. Pursuant to the terms of the Timebase Convertible Notes and concurrently with the Closing, in exchange for of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the Timebase Convertible Notes, the holders received common shares in Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. The settlement of the Timebase Convertible Notes was treated as a redemption for accounting purposes, as a result of the balance converting into shares pursuant to the variable-share conversion option; accordingly, the Company recognized an aggregate gain o f due to early extinguishment of those redeemed convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. The gain on the early extinguishment of the Timebase Convertible Notes was recorded as a non-operating gain in Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company incurred total interest expense related to the Timebase Convertible Notes of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Board.org On June 3, 2021 the Company issued the Board.org sellers of subordinated, convertible promissory notes (the Board.org Convertible Notes ). The Board.org Convertible Notes (i) provided for interest at the AFR at issuance), (ii) provided for automatic conversion upon the earlier of , an event of default and a conversion event, (iii) provided for payments until maturity, and (iv) were subordinate to the Company s Senior Term Loan and New GPO Note. Conversion events included closing of a firm commitment public offering or a change in control event. Upon conversion, the Board.org Convertible Notes provided for conversion into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of . The Company did not incur a material amount of issuance costs with respect to the Board.org Convertible Notes. The Company recorded the Board.org Convertible Notes at its principal amount of and recorded the debt premium of as an increase to additional paid-in capital. Pursuant to the terms of the Board.org Convertible Notes and concurrently with the Closing, in exchange for of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the Board.org Convertible Notes, the holders received common shares in Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. The settlement of the Board.org Convertible Notes was treated as a redemption for accounting purposes, as a result of the balance converting into shares pursuant to the variable-share conversion option; accordingly, the Company recognized an aggregate loss of due to early extinguishment of those redeemed convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss on the early extinguishment of the Board.org Convertible Notes was recorded as a non-operating loss in the Loss on debt extinguishment, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company incurred total interest expense related to the Board.org Convertible Notes of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total Debt 

- 

Convertible notes 

First out term loan 

- 

Last out term loan 

- 

Senior secured subordinated promissory note 

- 

8090 FV Subordinated Promissory Note 

- 

Convertible notes - related parties 

- 

2021 seller convertible notes 

- 

Total 

These fair values are deemed Level 3 liabilities within the fair value measurement framework. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Note 10 
 shares, which includes Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and preferred stock. Class A Common Stock Subsequent to the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company's Class A common stock and public warrants began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbols NOTE and NOTE WS, respectively. Pursuant to the Company s charter, the Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Prior to the Business Combination, Old FiscalNote had outstanding shares of Series A, Series B, Series C, Series C-1, Series D, Series D-1, Series E, Series F, and Series G convertible preferred stock (collectively, Old FiscalNote Preferred Stock ). The Preferred Stock was recognized as temporary equity and recorded at its redemption value. Accordingly, for periods prior to the closing of the Transactions, Old FiscalNote recognized changes in its redemption value of its Preferred Stock of for both the period from January 1, 2022 to July 29, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Upon the Closing of the Business Combination, each share of Old FiscalNote s Preferred Stock was converted into common stock and, immediately thereafter, each share of common stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination was cancelled and converted into New FiscalNote Class A common stock with the application of the Exchange Ratio as discussed in Note 2, Business Combination with DSAC. Additionally, the Company has outstanding warrants to purchase shares of New FiscalNote Class A common stock that became exercisable upon the Closing of the Business Combination. Refer to Note 12, Warrant Liabilities. Class B Common Stock Pursuant to the Company s charter, the Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, the Co-Founders, or entities controlled by the Co-Founders, received Class B shares of New FiscalNote common stock as consideration (see further details in Note 2, Business Combination with DSAC). As of December 31, 2022, shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. Preferred Stock Pursuant to the Company s charter, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Our board of directors has the authority without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series, and the number of shares constituting any such class or series, and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of each class or series of preferred stock, including, without limitation, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, which rights may be greater than the rights of the holders of the common stock. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Dividends The Company's Class A and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends if and when any dividend is declared by the Company's board of directors, subject to the rights of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. The Company has not paid any cash dividends on common stock to date. The Company may retain future earnings, if any, for the further development and expansion of the Company's business and have no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of the Company's board of directors and will depend on, among other things, the Company's financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as the Company's board of directors may deem relevant. 

 Note 
 additional shares of Class A common stock of New FiscalNote (the Earnout Awards in the form of Earnout Shares or as shares reserved for issuances upon settlement of Earnout RSUs, as described below. The Earnout Awards are split into tranches each consisting of shares of Class A common stock in New FiscalNote. Certain Old FiscalNote equity holders will receive Earnout Restricted Stock Units (the Earnout RSUs ), which are settled in Class A common stock. The right to receive Earnout Awards will expire after the Closing Date (the Earnout Period ). Each tranche of the Earnout Awards will be issued only when the dollar volume-weighted average price of one share of New FiscalNote Class A common stock is greater than or equal to , , , , or , respectively, for any 10 trading days within any period of 20 consecutive trading days during the Earnout Period (collectively, the Triggering Events ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the holders of Old FiscalNote common stock, Old FiscalNote warrants, vested Old FiscalNote options and vested Old FiscalNote RSUs outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date will be entitled to receive their proportionate allocation of Earnout Shares subject to achievement of the Triggering Event. Holders of unvested Old FiscalNote options and unvested Old FiscalNote RSUs outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date will be entitled to receive their proportionate allocation of Earnout Shares in the form of Earnout RSUs subject to achievement of the Triggering Event. To the extent the equity award issued upon New FiscalNote's assumption of such any Old FiscalNote Option or Old FiscalNote RSU (each a Converted Award is outstanding and has vested as of the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the holder thereof will receive a proportionate allocation of Earnout Shares in lieu of Earnout RSUs. If a Converted Award is forfeited after the Closing Date but prior to the Triggering Event, no Earnout RSUs will be issued for such Converted Award. The right to receive Earnout RSUs that have been forfeited shall be reallocated pro-rata to the remaining holders of vested Converted Awards in the form of Earnout Shares and unvested Converted Awards in the form of Earnout RSUs in the manner described above. Reallocated Earnout RSUs are subject to the remaining vesting schedule and conditions of the Converted Award held by such equity holder. The forfeiture and subsequent reallocation of the Earnout RSUs are accounted for as the forfeiture of the original award and the grant of a new award. A portion of the Earnout Shares that may be issued to Old FiscalNote common stockholders, Old FiscalNote vested option holders and Old FiscalNote warrant holders and all of the Earnout RSUs were determined to represent additional compensation for accounting purposes pursuant to ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation . The Company recognizes stock-compensation expense based on the fair value of the Earnout Awards over the requisite service period for each tranche. Upon Closing, the Company recognized of share-based compensation expense for vested Earnout Awards. The remaining Earnout Shares were determined to represent an equity transaction in conjunction with the reverse recapitalization and were evaluated pursuant to ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . These remaining Earnout Shares will be accounted for as a liability as the arrangement is indexed to something other than the Company s stock. The liability is revalued at each reporting period with changes being recorded as a non-operating gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The liability was and as of December 31, 2022 and July 29, 2022, respectively, with change in the fair value of earnout liabilities recorded as a non-operating gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the total Earnout Awards at the closing of the Transaction on July 29, 2022 was estimated based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the Earnout Period using the most reliable information available. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (years) 

Risk free interest rate The risk free interest rate for periods within the expected term of the awards is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. Expected dividend yield The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Expected term For Earnout Awards, the expected term is determined to be years from the Closing as this is the period over which the Triggering Events may be achieved. Expected volatility As Old FiscalNote was privately held from inception through the Closing, there was no specific historical or implied volatility information available. Accordingly, the Company estimates the expected volatility on the historical stock volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly traded over a period equivalent to the expected term of the Earnout Awards. A point estimate of expected annual equity volatility of was selected in the guideline companies historical range. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to the Earnout Awards to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . As of December 31, 2022 , Earnout Shares and no Earnout RSUs have been issued as Triggering Events have occurred. 

 Note 
 public warrants and private placement warrants that were previously issued by Old DSAC. Each public warrant and private placement warrant is exercisable for shares of New FiscalNote Class A common stock (or an aggregate of up to shares of New FiscalNote Class A common stock). During the year ended December 31, 2022, public warrants were exercised into shares of Class A common stock. private placement warrants have been exercised to date. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had public warrants and private placement warrants outstanding with a per share fair value of . These warrants are accounted for as a liability and have a fair value of at December 31, 2022. Public Warrants Each public warrant entitles the registered holder to acquire shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. The warrants became exercisable on August 29, 2022. A holder may exercise his or her warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The public warrants will expire , or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Redemption of warrants for cash The Company may call the public warrants for redemption for cash: in whole and not in part; 

 at a price of per warrant; 

 upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of the Company s Class A common stock and equity-linked securities) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company for cash, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of warrants for shares of Class A common stock The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for shares of Class A common stock: in whole and not in part; 

 at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted per stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of the Company s Class A common stock and equity-linked securities) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

 if and only if, the private placement warrants are also concurrently exchanged at the same price (equal to a number of shares of our Class A common stock) as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

 The fair market value of the Class A common stock shall mean the average of the last reported sales price for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

 Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants are not redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the sponsor of DSAC or its permitted transferees, except in certain limited circumstances. The DSAC Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis and the DSAC Sponsor and its permitted transferees has certain registration rights related to the private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants). Except as described in this section, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the DSAC Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. Old FiscalNote Warrants In connection with the Closing, certain holders of Old FiscalNote warrant holders exercised their warrants and received shares of Old FiscalNote which were then converted into shares of Class A common stock of New FiscalNote based on the Exchange Ratio. At December 31, 2022, warrants with an exercise price of , remain outstanding. These warrants are accounted for as a liability with a fair value of at December 31, 2022 , and are included as part of the other non-current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. 

 Note 
 shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance. The 2022 Plan allows for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights, other stock-based awards and cash-based awards. The number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan automatically increases on the first day of each calendar year, beginning on and including January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2027 equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares (e.g., each and every class of the Company's common stock) outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or (ii) shares; provided, however, that the Company's Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares (the Share Reserve ). The shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired shares of the Company's shares or from the Company's treasury shares. Furthermore, subject to adjustments as set forth in the 2022 Plan, in no event will the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be available for delivery under the 2022 Plan pursuant to incentive stock options exceed the Share Reserve. The shares underlying any awards under the 2022 Plan that are forfeited, canceled, settled in cash, or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Share Reserve available for issuance under the 2022 Plan and, to the extent permissible, the shares that may be issued as incentive stock options. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). There are shares of Class A common stock initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock available for issuance under the ESPP automatically increases on the first day of each calendar year, beginning on and including January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2027, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of the Company's capital stock (e.g., each and every class of the Company's common stock) outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock; provided, however, that the Company's Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock. Shares subject to purchase rights granted under the ESPP that terminate without having been exercised in full will again become available for issuance under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022 , shares have been issued under the ESPP. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company maintained the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan that allowed for granting of incentive and non-qualified stock options to employees, directors, and consultants. In connection with the Business Combination, each option granted under the 2013 Plan that was outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination, whether vested or unvested, was assumed and converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of Class A common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Old FiscalNote common stock subject to such Old FiscalNote option immediately prior to the Business Combination and (ii) the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the exercise price per share of such Old FiscalNote option immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination by (B) the Exchange Ratio. Stock option activity prior to the Business Combination was retroactively adjusted to reflect this conversion. Awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan were assumed by New FiscalNote upon the Closing and continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Plan and applicable award agreement. Shares of the Company's common stock subject to awards granted under the 2013 Plan that expire unexercised or are cancelled, terminated, or forfeited in any manner without issuance of shares thereunder following the effective date of the 2022 Plan (as defined below), will not become available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. In connection with the completion of the Business Combination and the adoption of the 2022 Plan, additional awards will be granted under the 2013 Plan. In determining related stock-based compensation expense for any award under the 2013 Equity Plan, the Company made an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures of awards as they occur and therefore stock-based compensation expense presented below has not been adjusted for any estimated forfeitures. In February and July 2021, the shareholders of the Company approved amendments to the Company s amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock reserved for use under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan from to shares of common stock. The Company has historically issued stock options with exercise prices equal to the fair value of the underlying stock price. Prior to the completion of the Business Combination and listing of the Company s common stock on the public stock exchange, the fair value of Old FiscalNote common stock that underlies the stock options was determined based on then-current valuation estimates at the time of grant. Because such grants occurred prior to the public trading of the Company s common stock, the fair value of Old FiscalNote common stock was determined with assistance of periodic valuation analyses from an independent third-party valuation firm. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Expected life (years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Fair value of options 

At December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding unvested stock option awards including performance stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding unvested restricted stock units that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . Prior to 2022, and reflected in the above tables, the Company granted various executives performance stock options that vest upon the occurrence of a successful public company listing and the Company s stock price achieving certain price targets and performance stock units that vest upon the occurrence of a successful public company listing and time served. The aggregate grant-date fair value of these executive performance stock options and stock units was estimated to be . As of December 31, 2022, there were performance stock options outstanding. The Company recognized of share-based compensation expense for performance stock options and stock units, for which the related performance condition was met upon consummation of the Business Combination on July 29, 2022. 

Note 

Non-capitalizable Business Combination costs 

Change in contingent consideration liabilities 

() 

Contingent compensation expense 

Total transaction costs 

Note 
 per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to per share. The Company allocates undistributed earnings attributable to common stock between the common stock classes on a one to one basis when computing net loss per share. As a result, basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are equivalent. Earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period on a basic and diluted basis. The Company s net loss used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share is adjusted for the deemed dividends resulting from the accretion of Old FiscalNote's preferred shares to redemption value and beneficial conversion features, as applicable. The Old FiscalNote preferred shares were outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021 and from January 1, 2022 to July 29, 2022, respectively. At the closing of the Business Combination, all of Old FiscalNote s preferred shares were exchanged for Class A common stock of New FiscalNote. Diluted earnings (loss) per share considers the impact of potentially dilutive securities. The components of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per shares are as follows) 

() 

Deemed dividend - change in redemption value of preferred stock of Old FiscalNote 

() 

() 

Deemed dividend - in conjunction with convertible debt modification 

- 

() 

Deemed dividend - preferred stock issuance 

- 

() 

Net loss used to compute basic and diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per shares, basic 

() 

() 

Net loss per shares, diluted 

() 

() 

Anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted loss per share: 

Anti-dilutive Earnout Awards 

- 

Anti-dilutive stock options 

Anti-dilutive Convertible Notes 

Anti-dilutive contingently issuable shares 

Anti-dilutive restricted stock units 

Anti-dilutive other liability - classified warrants 

- 

Anti-dilutive Aicel Convertible Notes 

- 

Anti-dilutive convertible preferred stock 

- 

Anti-dilutive convertible senior debt 

- 

Anti-dilutive equity-classified warrants 

- 

Total anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted loss per share: 

The weighted-average common shares and thus the net loss per share calculations and potentially dilutive security amounts for all periods prior to the Business Combination have been retrospectively adjusted to the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the Business Combination to effect the reverse recapitalization. Historically reported weighted average shares outstanding have been multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (see Note 2, Business Combination with DSAC). 

 99 

Note 

() 

State (benefit) provision 

() 

() 

Foreign provision 

() 

Total current (benefit) provision 

() 

() 

Deferred taxes 

Federal benefit 

() 

() 

State benefit 

() 

() 

Foreign benefit 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred benefit 

() 

() 

Total benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Effects of rate other than statutory 

() 

AHYDO interest disallowance 

() 

() 

Warrant revaluation 

Nondeductible expenses from recapitalization 

() 

Others 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

The Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate of percent primarily due to state taxes, the impact of a valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets, disallowed interest expense, non-includible income relating to the forgiveness of the Company s PPP Loan, non-includible income relating to a fair value adjustment on contingent consideration, non-includible income for debt premium amortization relating to an equity transaction, non-deductible officer's compensation and other nondeductible expenses including from the Q3 recapitalization.) 

() 

Accumulated deficit (a) 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

- 

- 

Total income tax benefit 

() 

() 
 
 (a) 
 Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Stock compensation 

Section 163(j) interest limitation 

Disallowed original issue discount interest 

Deferred rent 

Deferred state income tax 

- 

Deferred revenue 

Reserves and accruals 

Sublease loss liability 

- 

Capitalized research and development 

- 

Lease liability 

- 

Federal net operating loss carryforward 

State net operating loss carryforward 

Foreign net operating loss carryforward 

Other deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Basis difference in fixed assets 

() 

() 

Basis difference in intangibles assets and goodwill 

() 

() 

Debt discount and derivative liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred financing costs 

() 

- 

Right of use asset 

() 

- 

Other deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

At December 31, 2022 , the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately , of which is subject to expiration beginning in to , and state net operating loss carryforwards of , which begin to expire in . The utilization of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. Future changes in stock ownership may result in an ownership change. The Company determined that it underwent an ownership change during 2014 and 2015 as defined by section 382. As a result of the 2014 ownership change, the Company determined that of net operating loss carryforward would not be available in future periods. The Company is still in process of analyzing its NOL limitations with respect to 2022. The Company is not aware of any tax law provisions aside from section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code that might limit the availability or utilization of loss or credit amounts. Changes in tax law may also impact our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. Generally, more weight is given to objectively verifiable evidence, such as the cumulative loss in recent years. The Company increased the valuation allowance established on its deferred tax assets by and for the tax years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The Company also wrote-off certain deferred tax assets and a related valuation allowance of to equity in connection with the conversion of convertible notes in exchange for shares upon closing of the Business Combination. After electing to file a consolidated tax return in 2020, the Company considered a portion of FiscalNote s deferred tax assets realizable after utilizing CQ Roll Call s deferred tax liabilities as a source of future taxable income. The Company continued to maintain a valuation allowance on its Federal deferred tax assets related to NOL carryforwards and interest expense limitations under 163(j) and on State deferred tax assets associated with states where FiscalNote files separately and CQ Roll Call s deferred tax liabilities are not able to be utilized. The Company will continue to assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets in each of the applicable jurisdictions going forward. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA was signed into law. Under the TCJA provisions, effective with tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, taxpayers can no longer immediately expense qualified research and development (R D) expenditures and are required to capitalize and amortize the costs under section 174. Accordingly, the Company capitalized of R D expenses as of December 31, 2022. These costs will be amortized for tax purposes over for R D performed in the U.S. and over for R D performed outside the U.S. Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Other Considerations The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues arising in the Company's tax audits progress in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported an uncertain tax position totaling relating to a state tax filing position. In addition, the Company derecognized deferred tax liabilities relating to historically reported R D credits as the statute of limitations had expired during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Gross increases - tax positions in prior periods 

- 

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior periods 

- 

() 

Gross increases - tax positions in current periods 

- 

- 

Settlements 

- 

- 

Lapses in statutes of limitations 

() 

- 

Ending balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, with the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are and , respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of interest and and of penalties were recognized, respectively, relating to uncertain tax benefits. As part of the 2018 CQRC Acquisition, the company recognized an uncertain tax position relating to its research and development R D credit carry forwards of and during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized an uncertain tax position related to a DC state combined filing that did not reach a more likely than not conclusion. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not under examination by income tax authorities in federal, state, or other jurisdictions. All tax returns will remain open for examination by the federal and state authorities for three and four years, respectively, from the date of utilization of any net operating loss or credits. We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. Although the timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. Future sales of foreign subsidiaries are not exempt from capital gains tax in the U.S. The Company considers itself permanently reinvested in its foreign subsidiaries, and accordingly, no deferred income tax liability has been recorded for any potential taxable gain that may be realized on a future disposition or liquidation of any of its foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable for the Company to quantify any deferred income tax liability that would be attributable to those events. Net Operating Losses At December 31, 2022, the Company had gross U.S. net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income in the amount of of which a portion is subject to annual limitation. Based on estimates as of December 31, 2022, the Company expects that approximately of the gross U.S. net operating loss carryforwards would be available to offset taxable income in 2023. This estimate may change based on changes to actual results reported on the 2022 U.S. tax return. 

 Note 

- 

- 

Private placement warrants 

- 

- 

Contingent liabilities from acquisitions 

- 

- 

Liability classified warrants (a) 

- 

- 

(a) Included in other current liabilities on the balance sheet 

The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 by level within the fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Contingent liabilities from acquisitions 

- 

- 

Liability classified warrants 

- 

- 

Embedded redemption features on Convertible Notes 

- 

- 

Embedded redemption features on Promissory Note 

- 

- 

Embedded redemption features on 8090 FV Note 

- 

- 

- 

Derivative liabilities at issuance date 

- 

- 

- 

Contingent considerations and compensation at acquisition date 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Settlement 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Change in fair value included in the determination of net loss (a) 

() 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Liability classified warrants at issuance date 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Contingent consideration at acquisition date 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Contingent compensation recognized 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Change in fair value included in the determination of net loss (a) 

() 

() 

() 

Earned contingent consideration settled 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash contingent compensation earned and subsequently settled 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Unearned contingent compensation reversal 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Extinguishment and/or settlement upon conversion 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

(a) The change in contingent liabilities from acquisitions is recorded as transaction costs on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Public Warrants The fair value of the public warrants is estimated based on the quoted market price of such warrants on the valuation date. The public warrants were initially recognized as a liability in connection with the Business Combination on July 29, 2022 at a fair value of . As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the public warrants was . The non-cash loss of resulting from the change in fair value of the public warrants between July 29, 2022 and December 31, 2022 is recorded in change in fair value of warrant liabilities in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2022. Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants were initially recognized as a liability in connection with the Business Combination on July 29, 2022 at a fair value of . As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the private warrants was and was determined based on the quoted price of the public warrants. The non-cash gain of resulting from the change in fair value of the public warrants between July 29, 2022 and December 31, 2022 is recorded in change in fair value of warrant liabilities in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (years) 

Fair value (in dollars) 

Contingent Liabilities from acquisitions The contingent liabilities from acquisitions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of Curate contingent consideration and compensation using a Monte Carlo simulation. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents Level 3 measurements as defined in ASC 820. Significant changes in the key assumptions and inputs could result in a significant change in the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 

Risk free rate 

Revenue volatility 

Expected life (years) 

The Comerica Warrants and Eastward Warrants were recorded in other current liabilities at December 31, 2021 and were classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. In connection with the Closing, the holders of the Comerica Warrants and the Eastward Warrants exercised their warrants and at December 31, 2022 there are outstanding Comerica Warrants and Eastward Warrants. 

Time to maturity (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis The Company s long-lived assets, including property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when an impairment has occurred. Excluding the impairment of an operating lease asset related to certain unoccupied office space as disclosed in Note 5, Leases, no other impairment events were identified during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Excluding a total of ea rned cash contingent compensation related to FrontierView and Forge being transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 during the year ended December 31, 2022 , there were other transfers of assets or liabilities between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Changes to fair value are recognized as income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 105 

Note 
 million repayment, the remainder of such indebtedness could be converted at Old FiscalNote s option into shares of Old FiscalNote common stock based upon a conversion price determined in accordance with the terms of such indebtedness. The shares of Old FiscalNote common stock issued upon such conversion were issued prior to the Business Combination and thereafter were exchanged for shares of our Class A common stock. In connection with the Business Combination, the Disputing Lender claimed it was owed approximately million additional shares of the Company s Class A common stock. On January 27, 2023, the Company entered into a term sheet (the Term Sheet with the Disputing Lender pursuant to which the parties agreed to negotiate in good faith to enter into definitive documentation providing for the following: (i) the Disputing Lender shall return shares of Class A Common Stock held by the Disputing Lender to the Company for cancellation, (ii) the Company shall issue to the Disputing Lender a subordinated convertible promissory note in an initial principal amount of (the New Note ), and (iii) the parties shall enter into a mutual settlement and release of all claims (including, but not limited to, any claims by the Disputing Lender for additional shares or money damages resulting from the entry into the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 7, 2021, as amended on May 9, 2022, (the Merger Agreement )), relating to or arising from the conversion of the Original Note. Pursuant to the Term Sheet, the New Note would have a maturity date from the date of issuance (the Maturity Date and bear interest at a rate of per annum payable quarterly in arrears, as follows: (i) for the first year following the date of issuance, interest would be payable in kind; and (ii) for any period thereafter, interest would be payable in cash or shares of Class A Common Stock, at the Company s option, with the value per share determined with reference to the trailing 30-day volume weighted average trading price VWAP prior to the interest payment date. The New Note would be subordinate to the Company s obligations under its existing senior secured indebtedness. Additionally, the New Note would be subject to guarantees by the guarantors of the Company s existing senior secured indebtedness. At any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Disputing Lender would be entitled to convert all or any portion of the principal amount of the New Note and accrued interest thereon into shares of Class A Common Stock at a conversion price equal to per share (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price would be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for stock splits and similar transactions and, subject to standard exceptions, weighted average anti-dilution protection for issuances below the then-prevailing Conversion Price. The principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon, of the New Note would be redeemable by the Company in whole or in part as follows: (i) from the 24th month following issuance through the 48th month following issuance, if the Measurement Price (defined below) equals or exceeds of the Conversion Price and (ii) thereafter at par regardless of the Measurement Price. Measurement Price would mean the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the NYSE during the 30-consecutive trading day period preceding a given redemption date. In addition, the New Note would contain restrictive covenants and events of default provisions that are customary for transactions of this type. Additionally, the Disputing Lender would receive customary resale registration rights with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the New Note. The Term Sheet is non-binding and only requires the Company and Disputing Lender to negotiate the definitive documents in good faith and use reasonable best efforts to obtain all requisite third-party approvals required to consummate the transaction. Additionally, if definitive documentation is not mutually agreed within five months from the date of the Term Sheet, either party may elect to cease negotiations and terminate the Term Sheet. As a result, the terms of the New Note as set forth in the Term Sheet may be subject to change in connection with the preparation and execution of the definitive agreements and there is no guarantee that the parties will be able to finalize definitive agreements or that the closing conditions will be satisfied. At December 31, 2022 the Company determined that as it related to the Term Sheet, it was both probable that a liability had been incurred and the amount of the loss could be reasonably estimated and such amount is material. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 the Company accrued in loss contingency that represents the difference between the estimated fair value of the New Note the Company expects to enter into with the Disputing Lender in exchange for the return and cancellation of shares. The estimated fair value of the New Note was determined based on a trinomial lattice model. The Company notes that as the terms of the New Note have not been finalized, the final loss may change, and that difference may be material. This is recorded in other non-current liabilities on the balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Legal fees are recognized as incurred when the legal services are provided, and therefore are not recognized as part of the loss contingency. 

 107 

million in cash, (ii) shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and (iii) million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated convertible promissory notes Convertible Notes ). The purchase price is subject to customary adjustments based on working capital and the amount of Dragonfly s transaction expenses and net indebtedness that remain unpaid as of the Closing Date, and indemnification obligations for certain claims made following the Closing Date. Additionally, the sellers are eligible to receive an additional payment from the Company of up to million pounds sterling (the Earnout based on the achievement of certain U.S. GAAP revenue targets for 2023 by Dragonfly. In the event any part of the Earnout becomes payable, the Company may satisfy its payment obligations to the sellers with cash or common stock, pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement. STL Amendment On March 17, 2023, the Company, entered into Amendment No. 1 Amendment No. 1 to its New Senior Term Loan dated July 29, 2022. Among other things, Amendment No. 1 provides for the extension of an incremental term loan by one of the lenders to the borrowers under the facility in the principal amount of million, to be made on or around March 31, 2023, on the same terms as the existing term loans (the Incremental Facility ). In connection with the funding of the Incremental Facility, the Company agreed to issue such lender thereof a warrant, expiring , to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Ite m 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of the disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 108 

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses, our management has concluded that the financial statements included elsewhere in this report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. 
 Management's Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 Due to the timing of the closing of the Merger, and pursuant to Section 215.02 of the SEC Division of Corporation Finance s Regulation S-K Compliance Disclosure Interpretations, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Because we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 Material Weaknesses 
 In connection with the audits and reviews of our consolidated financial statements, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, processes, and controls for, (a) analyzing, accounting for and disclosing certain complex transactions, (b) accounting for income tax provision, (c) valuation of financial instruments, (d) preparation and disclosure of earnings per share, (e) accounting for loss contingencies and (f) controls over administrative access to our accounting and finance systems and system change management. 
 Remediation 
 We initiated and implemented several remediation measures including, but not limited to hiring additional accounting leadership and staff with requisite background and knowledge, engaging third parties to assist us in complying with the accounting and financial reporting requirements related to significant and complex transactions, and assist us with formalizing our business processes, accounting policies and internal control documentation, strengthening supervisory reviews by our management, and evaluating the effectiveness of our internal controls in accordance with the framework established by Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We believe the measures described above should remediate the material weaknesses identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. The remediation initiatives outlined above are estimated to take place over the next 12 months. While we continue the challenging and costly process to implement our plan to remediate the material weaknesses, we cannot predict the success of such plan or the outcome of our assessment of this plan until the remediation initiatives have been completed and have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. We can give no assurance that these measures will remediate the deficiencies in internal control or that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that may lead to a restatement of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations for the period ended December 31, 2023. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the material weaknesses identified and material weakness remediation activities described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. O ther Information. 
 None. 
 109 

Item 9C. Disc losure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 110 

PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information to be included under the captions Director Nominee Biographies Qualifications, Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Audit Committee, in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to this item. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information to be included under the captions Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report, in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to this item. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information to be included under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to this item. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were up to 20,285,600 shares of Class A Common Stock initially authorized for issuance under our 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan and 3,267,750 shares of Class A Common Stock initially authorized for issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), each of which our stockholders approved on July 27, 2022 in connection with the Business Combination and became effective immediately upon the Closing. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information to be included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence, in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to this item. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information to be included under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fee Information, if applicable, in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to this item. 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Ex h ibits, Financial Statement Information. 
 List of documents filed as part of this Report. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements for FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and related notes and the Report of RSM U.S. LLP (PCAOB No. dated March 28, 2023, are included herein in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth herein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 111 

Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 7, 2021, by and among Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. (renamed FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. ), Grassroots Merger Sub, Inc. and FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (renamed FiscalNote Intermediate Holdco, Inc. ). 
 Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed on July 5, 2022 (File No.333-261483). 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 9, 2022, by and among Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. (renamed FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. ), Grassroots Merger Sub, Inc. and FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (renamed FiscalNote Intermediate Holdco, Inc. ). 
 Annex A-2 to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed on July 5, 2022 (File No.333-261483). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a/ Duddell Street Acquisition Corp.). 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a/ Duddell Street Acquisition Corp.). 
 Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 Filed with this report. 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 Exhibit 4.1 of DSAC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020 (File No. 333-249207) . 

4.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, pursuant to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and among FiscalNote, Inc., the unitholders listed on Appendix 1 thereto and Legacy FiscalNote. 
 Exhibit 4.6 of DSAC s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on June 27,2022 (File No. 333-261483). 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a/ Duddell Street Acquisition Corp.), Duddell Street Holdings Limited and the other Holders signatory thereto. 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among FiscalNote, Inc., the other borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto, Runway Growth Finance Corp., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto. 
 Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and among the persons listed on the signature pages thereto as Grantors and those additional entities that thereafter become parties thereto by executing the form of Joinder attached thereto as Annex 1, and Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders. 
 Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.5 
 
 FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.6 
 
 FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and Timothy Hwang 
 Exhibit 10.18 to DSAC s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 1, 2022 (File No. 333-261483). 

10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and Josh Resnick 
 Exhibit 10.19 to DSAC s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 1, 2022 (File No. 333-261483). 

112 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. and Jon Slabaugh 
 Filed with this report. 

10.10+ 
 
 Form of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award under the FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.11+ 
 
 Form of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Award under the FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-396972) 

10.13 
 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2021, by and among Duddell Street Holdings Limited, FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. and certain of its shareholders. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021 (File No. 333-249207). 

10.14+ 
 
 FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Severance Plan, effective as of February 15, 2021, as amended. 
 Exhibit 10.13 to DSAC s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 1, 2022 (File No. 333-261483). 

10.15+ 
 
 FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, effective as of October 5, 2021. 
 Exhibit 10.14 to DSAC s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 1, 2022 (File No. 333-261483) . 

10.16+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, effective as of March 22, 2022. 
 Exhibit 10.15 to DSAC s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 1, 2022 (File No. 333-261483). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Filed with this report. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 Filed with this report. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 Filed with this report. 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 Furnished with this report. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 

+ Indicates a management contract of compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 113 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jon Slabaugh 

Name: Jon Slabaugh 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Timothy Hwang 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Timothy Hwang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jon Slabaugh 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Jon Slabaugh 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gerald Yao 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer, Global Head of ESG and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Gerald Yao 

/s/ Michael J. Callahan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Michael J. Callahan 

/s/ Key Compton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Key Compton 

/s/ Manoj Jain 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Manoj Jain 

/s/ Stanley McChrystal 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Stanley McChrystal 

/s/ Keith Nilsson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Keith Nilsson 

/s/ Anna Sedgley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Anna Sedgley 

/s/ Brandon Sweeney 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Brandon Sweeney 

/s/ Conrad Yiu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Conrad Yiu 

114 

<EX-4>
 2
 note-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 The following summary of the material terms of our securities and certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation (the Charter and bylaws (the Bylaws as currently in effect. Because the following description is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information and is qualified in its entirety by our Charter and Bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, as well as to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). We encourage you to read our Charter, Bylaws and the applicable portions of the DGCL carefully. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein or in the Annual Report on Form 10-K shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Charter or Bylaws, as applicable. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the issuance of 1,809,000,000 shares of all classes of our capital stock, consisting of: 

1,700,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

9,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share; and 

100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Class A Common Stock 
 We have two classes of authorized common stock: our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock. Holders of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock generally have the same rights except for voting and conversion. 
 Voting Rights 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder at all meetings of our stockholders and on all matters properly submitted to a vote of our stockholders generally. 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Holders of our Class B Common Stock are entitled to twenty-five (25) votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder at all meetings of our stockholders and on all matters properly submitted to a vote of our stockholders generally. 
 Stockholder Votes 
 Holders of our common stock generally will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders (including the election and removal of directors), unless otherwise provided in our Charter or required by applicable law. Any action or matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders will be approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action or matter exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the action or matter, except that our directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast and that an affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class, is required to amend our Charter or approve any change of control transaction. Our stockholders will not be entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of our directors. 
 Delaware law could require holders of a class of our capital stock to vote separately as a class on any proposed amendment of our Charter if the amendment would increase or decrease the par value of the shares of that class or 
 
 would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of that class in a manner that affects them adversely. 
 Holders of our common stock will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our Charter that relates solely to the terms of one or more series of our preferred stock and on which the holders of such affected series are entitled to vote, either separately as a class or together with the holders of one or more other series of our preferred stock, pursuant to our Charter or by applicable law. 
 Conversion 
 Optional Conversion 
 Each share of our Class B Common Stock is convertible on a one-to-one basis at the option of the holder thereof into a share of our Class A Common Stock upon written notice to us. 
 Automatic Conversion 
 Each share of our Class B Common Stock will automatically convert on a one-to-one basis into a share of our Class A Common Stock upon any of the following: 

transfer by the holder, other than a Permitted Transfer; 

the death or permanent disability of the holder; 

the first date on which the number of outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock represents less than fifty percent (50 of the number of shares of our Class B Common Stock that were outstanding as of the consummation of the Business Combination; 

the date specified by the affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the then outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class; and 

the date that is seven (7) years from the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Economic Rights 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in our Charter or required by applicable law, shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock have the same rights, powers and preferences and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters, including the following: 
 Dividends and Distributions; Rights upon Liquidation 
 Shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock shall be treated equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividends or distributions as may be declared and paid from time to time by the Board of Directors (the Board out of any of our assets or funds of legally available therefor; provided, however, that, if a dividend is paid in the form of our shares (or options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares) common stock, then holders of our Class A Common Stock will receive shares (or options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares) of our Class A Common Stock and holders of our Class B Common Stock will receive shares (or options, warrants or other rights to acquire shares) of our Class B Common Stock. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may pay or make a disparate dividend or distribution per share of our Class A Common Stock or our Class B Common Stock (whether in the amount of such dividend or distribution payable per share, the form in which such dividend or distribution is payable, the timing of the payment, or otherwise) if such disparate dividend or distribution is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Upon the dissolution, distribution of assets, liquidation or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of our debts and other liabilities, holders of our Class A 
 
 Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably all of our assets available for distribution to our stockholders unless disparate or different treatment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Subdivisions, Combinations and Reclassifications 
 If we subdivide or combine any class of our common stock with any other class of our common stock, then each class of our common stock must be subdivided or combined in the same proportion and manner, unless otherwise approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of each of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock, and the outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 Mergers and Other Extraordinary Transactions 
 Our Charter provides that, in the case of any distribution or payment in respect of the shares of our Class A Common Stock or our Class B Common Stock, or any consideration into which such shares are converted, upon our consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, such distribution, payment or consideration that the holders of shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, shall be made ratably on a per share basis among the holders of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock as a single class; provided, however, that shares of such classes may receive, or have the right to elect to receive, different or disproportionate distribution, payment or consideration in connection with such consolidation, merger or other transaction in order to reflect the special rights, powers and privileges of holders of shares of our Class B Common Stock, or such other rights, powers, privileges or other terms that are no more favorable, in the aggregate, to the holders of our Class B Common Stock relative to the holders of our Class A Common Stock than those contained in our Charter. 
 Additionally, our Charter prohibits us from entering into any agreement with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party unless such agreement provides for consideration to be paid or distributed to, or rights to be received by, our stockholders in the manner provided in the paragraph immediately above. 
 Other Rights 
 Our Charter and the Bylaws do not provide for any preemptive or subscription rights with respect to our common stock, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. All the outstanding shares of our common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the Board, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to issue up to an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of our preferred stock in one or more series from time to time by resolution, without further action by our stockholders, and to fix the powers (which may include full, limited or no voting power), designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series (which rights may be greater than the rights of any or all of the classes of our common stock) and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments or payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control or other corporate action. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 Election, Appointment and Removal of Directors 
 Our Charter provides for the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders in which a quorum is present by the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote. 
 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, our number of directors of shall be fixed from time to time by the Board, provided that unless otherwise approved by the Requisite Stockholder Consent, the number of directors shall be no less than five (5) and not exceed twelve (12). 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, no director may be removed from office except for cause and only with and immediately upon the Requisite Stockholder Consent. 
 Our Charter provides that vacant directorships, including vacancies resulting from any increase in the total number of directors constituting the Board, may be filled (i) prior to the Voting Threshold Date, solely by our stockholders with the Requisite Stockholder Consent unless any such vacancy remains unfilled for at least sixty (60) days, in which case it may also be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director; or (ii) on or after the Voting Threshold Date solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Pursuant to the Bylaws of FiscalNote, the Board may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any or all of the powers and duties of the Board to the full extent permitted by law. The Board established and will maintain an audit committee, a governance committee and a compensation committee, and may establish such other committees as it determines from time to time. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of our Charter and Bylaws 
 Our Charter and Bylaws contain certain provisions that may delay, discourage or impede efforts by another person or entity to acquire control of us. We believe that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons or entities seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with the Board, which we believe may result in improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, these provisions also give the Board the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes of control of the Company or our management such as a merger, reorganization or tender offer. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of the Board and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of the Company and to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. These provisions are also intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in management. 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and our preferred stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of the securities exchange on which our equity securities are then listed for trading. These additional shares of capital stock may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including growth acquisitions, corporate finance transactions, and issuances under our 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved capital stock could discourage or impede an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Amendment of Charter or Bylaws 
 The DGCL generally provides that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on amendments to a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as applicable, imposes a higher voting standard. 
 
 Our Charter provides that an affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class, is required to amend the Charter or approve any change of control transaction. 
 Dual-Class Structure 
 As described above, our Charter provides for a dual-class stock structure, which gives the holders of Class B Common Stock and certain of their affiliated entities and trusts, for so long as they continue to collectively beneficially own shares representing a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of our capital stock, significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of the Company or all or substantially all of our assets. See Class A Common Stock Voting Rights. 
 Classified Board 
 The Board is divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. The directors first elected to Class I will hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2023; the directors first elected to Class II will hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2024; and the directors first elected to Class III will hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2025. This may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our Charter permits special meetings of our stockholders to be called only by the Board, the chairman of the Board, our chief executive officer, or, at any time at the request of our stockholders collectively holding voting power sufficient to provide the Requisite Stockholder Consent. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take any action, including with respect to the removal of any of our directors from office. 
 Advance Notice Requirement for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 The Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of candidates for election to the Board. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting (and thereby considered or acted upon at such meeting), a stockholder will have to comply with certain advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be permitted to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has delivered a timely notice, in the form and manner specified in the Bylaws, of such stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from nominating candidates for election to the Board, or might discourage or impede an attempt by a potential acquirer of the Company to conduct a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise obtain control of us. 
 Warrants 
 Legacy FiscalNote Warrants 
 At the effective time of the Business Combination, each warrant to purchase shares of Legacy FiscalNote capital stock (each, a Legacy FiscalNote Warrant that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination was assumed by us and converted into a warrant to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock on the same terms and subject to the same conditions (including as to vesting and exercisability) as were in effect with respect to such Legacy FiscalNote Warrants immediately prior to the effective time, with appropriate adjustments to the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock underlying such warrant and the exercise price applicable thereto to account for the Business Combination. 
 
 DSAC Warrants 
 At the effective time of the domestication of DSAC from the Cayman Islands to Delaware, each warrant to purchase DSAC ordinary shares (each, a DSAC warrant that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the domestication and not. terminated pursuant to its terms was converted into a warrant to purchase shares of FiscalNote Class A Common Stock on the same terms and conditions (including as to vesting and exercisability) as were in effect with respect to such DSAC warrant immediately prior to such effective time. 
 Public Warrants 
 In connection with the Business Combination, each previously outstanding Warrant was adjusted to entitle the holder to purchase 1.571 shares of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per 1.571 shares, or 7.32 per share (such adjustment, the Warrant Adjustment ). Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A Common Stock at a price of 7.32 per share, subject to further adjustment as discussed below, beginning 30 days after the consummation of the Business Combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering our Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such our Class A Common Stock is available (or we permit holders to exercise their respective warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement a holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our Class A Common Stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or July 29, 2027, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 11.45: 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 11.45 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, changes in exercise price and the like). 

Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 6.36: 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A Common Stock to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A Common Stock; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 6.36 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and 

if the Reference Value is less than 11.45 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, changes in exercise price and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our Class A Common Stock may fall below the 11.45 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock sub-divisions, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations, changes in exercise price and the like) as well as the 7.32 warrant exercise price per share after the redemption notice is issued. 
 During the period beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of FiscalNote Class A Common Stock that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of FiscalNote Class A Common Stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of FiscalNote Class A Common Stock during the ten trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the Warrant Agreement. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Warrant Agreement, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date 

6.36 

7.00 

7.64 

8.27 

8.91 

9.55 

10.18 

10.82 

11.45 

(period to expiration of warrants) 

60 months 

0.410 

0.442 

0.467 

0.489 

0.509 

0.530 

0.547 

0.563 

0.567 

57 months 

0.404 

0.435 

0.462 

0.487 

0.509 

0.530 

0.547 

0.563 

0.567 

54 months 

0.396 

0.427 

0.457 

0.482 

0.506 

0.526 

0.545 

0.561 

0.567 

51 months 

0.387 

0.421 

0.451 

0.478 

0.503 

0.523 

0.544 

0.561 

0.567 

48 months 

0.379 

0.413 

0.445 

0.473 

0.498 

0.522 

0.541 

0.559 

0.567 

45 months 

0.369 

0.405 

0.438 

0.468 

0.495 

0.519 

0.539 

0.559 

0.567 

42 months 

0.358 

0.396 

0.431 

0.462 

0.490 

0.515 

0.537 

0.558 

0.567 

39 months 

0.347 

0.387 

0.423 

0.456 

0.486 

0.511 

0.534 

0.556 

0.567 

36 months 

0.335 

0.376 

0.413 

0.448 

0.479 

0.508 

0.533 

0.555 

0.567 

33 months 

0.322 

0.365 

0.404 

0.440 

0.473 

0.503 

0.530 

0.553 

0.567 

30 months 

0.308 

0.352 

0.393 

0.431 

0.467 

0.497 

0.526 

0.552 

0.567 

27 months 

0.291 

0.336 

0.380 

0.421 

0.457 

0.492 

0.522 

0.550 

0.567 

24 months 

0.272 

0.321 

0.366 

0.409 

0.448 

0.484 

0.517 

0.547 

0.567 

21 months 

0.253 

0.303 

0.350 

0.396 

0.438 

0.478 

0.512 

0.545 

0.567 

18 months 

0.229 

0.281 

0.332 

0.380 

0.426 

0.468 

0.506 

0.542 

0.567 

15 months 

0.204 

0.258 

0.310 

0.361 

0.412 

0.457 

0.498 

0.537 

0.567 

12 months 

0.174 

0.229 

0.284 

0.339 

0.393 

0.443 

0.490 

0.533 

0.567 

9 months 

0.141 

0.196 

0.255 

0.313 

0.372 

0.427 

0.479 

0.528 

0.567 

6 months 

0.102 

0.156 

0.215 

0.280 

0.344 

0.407 

0.465 

0.520 

0.567 

3 months 

0.053 

0.102 

0.163 

0.236 

0.310 

0.382 

0.449 

0.512 

0.567 

0 months 

0.066 

0.181 

0.281 

0.366 

0.442 

0.508 

0.567 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of Class A Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 9.55 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.530 shares of Class A Common Stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of Class A Common Stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 8.31 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.468 shares of Class A Common Stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.567 shares of Class A Common Stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the applicable common stock exceeds 11.45 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at or above 6.36 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of Class A Common Stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 11.45 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants when the price per share of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 11.45 . Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 
 As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A Common Stock are trading at a price starting at 6.36, which is below the exercise price of 7.32 per share, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A Common Stock than they would have received if they had chosen to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A Common Stock if and when such shares of Class A Common Stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 7.32 per share. 
 No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other 
 
 than the shares of Class A Common Stock, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 
 The foregoing description of the Warrant Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Warrant Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise 
 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of our Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of its warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of our Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A Common Stock over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of our Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If the our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. 
 
 We believe this feature is an attractive option to use if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 
 A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of our Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock is increased by a share capitalization payable in shares of our Class A Common Stock, or by a split-up of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of our common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase our Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for our A Common Stock) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per share of our Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of our Class A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for our Class A Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of our Class A Common Stock as reported during the 10-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the our Class A Common Stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or makes a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of our Class A Common Stock on account of such our Class A Common Stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, or (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of our Class A Common Stock in respect of such event. 
 If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of our Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding share of our Class A Common Stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding our Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such our Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of our assets or other property as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the our Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of our Class A Common Stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of our Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of our Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty (30) days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 
 The warrants will be issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the Warrant Agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the Warrant Agreement set forth herein, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the Warrant Agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants, a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 
 
 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive our Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of our Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants (including our Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until thirty (30) days after the Business Combination (except in limited circumstances) and they will not be redeemable by us for cash so long as they are held by the Sponsor, members of the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. 
 
 The initial purchasers of the private placement warrants, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described in this section, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold in the Business Combination, including that they may be redeemed for shares of our Class A Common Stock. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the Business Combination. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Charter provides that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for resolution of (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of ours, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Charter or Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of any provisions of our Charter or the Bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we otherwise consent in writing, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any action, claim or proceeding arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 This provision will not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal jurisdiction. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors and stockholders of corporations for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our Charter includes a provision that eliminates, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL (as currently in effect or as it may in the future be amended), the personal liability of our directors for damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 
 Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL (as currently in effect or as it may in the future be amended), we must indemnify and hold harmless and advance expenses to any of its directors and officers who is involved in any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of ours or, while serving as a director or officer of ours, is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity. We also are 
 
 expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers, and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. 
 The limitation of liability, advancement and indemnification provisions in our Charter and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing lawsuits against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment in us may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officer pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 
 There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers, or employees for which indemnification is sought. 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Company. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly demand and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 Stockholders Derivative Actions 
 Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 
 Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company is the transfer agent for our Class A Common Stock and the warrant agent for our warrants. 
 Listing of Our Class A Common Stock and Our Public Warrants 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and trade under the symbols NOTE and NOTE.WS , respectively. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 note-ex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), entered into as of July 29, 2022 (the Agreement Date ), is made by and between FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jon Slabaugh Executive and together with the Company, the Parties ). This Agreement will become effective as a binding contract as of the Effective Time of the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 7, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement by and among by and among FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the Company s predecessor Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. (the Effective Date ). 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to assure itself of the continued services of Executive by engaging Executive to perform services as an employee of the Company under the terms hereof; and 
 
 WHEREAS , Executive desires to provide continued services to the Company on the terms herein provided. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 1. Employment . 

(a) General . During the Term (as defined below), the Company shall employ Executive upon the terms and conditions provided herein effective as of the Effective Date. 

(b) Position and Duties . During the Term, Executive (i) shall serve as the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, with responsibilities, duties, and authority usual and customary for such position, subject to direction by the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO consistent with the foregoing; (ii) shall report directly to the CEO and (iii) shall comply in all material respects with all present and future policies, requirements, rules and regulations, and reasonable directions and requests of the Company in connection with the Company s business that are consistent with his position. At the Company s request, Executive shall serve the Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates in such other capacities in addition to the foregoing as the Company shall designate, provided that such additional capacities are consistent with Executive s position with the Company. In the event that Executive serves in any one or more of such additional capacities, Executive s compensation shall not automatically be increased on account of such additional service. 

(c) Performance of Executive s Duties . During Executive s employment with the Company, and except for periods of illness, vacation, Disability (as defined below), or reasonable leaves of absence or as discussed in Section 1(e), Executive shall devote Executive s full time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company pursuant to the general direction of the Board. 

(d) Principal Office . Executive will work principally at the Company s headquarters, which is currently located in Washington, District of Columbia, subject to the ability of Executive to work remotely in accordance with the Company s remote work policies to the extent such policies are in effect. 

(e) Exclusivity . Except with the prior written approval of the Board of Directors of the Company Board ), Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s working time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company, except during any paid vacation or other excused absence periods. Nothing in this section prevents Executive from engaging in additional activities in connection with personal investments and not-for-profit or charitable affairs (including without limitation serving on boards of not-for-profit entities) without approval of the Board, provided such activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, violate the Company s standards of conduct then in effect, or raise a conflict under any conflict of interest policy of the Company. 

2. Term . The period of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and unless earlier terminated by either Party, shall continue until the fourth anniversary of the Effective 

Date (the Initial Term and upon the expiration of the Initial Term, and each year thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for an additional twelve (12) months (any such twelve (12) month extension, once in effect, along with the Initial Term, the Term unless either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least three (3) months in advance of the then scheduled expiration of the Term (such period of employment, the Term ). In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is terminated and transactions contemplated thereby are not consummated, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, Executive s employment with the Company is at will and may be terminated by the Company or Executive at any time and for any or no reason. 
 
 3. Compensation and Related Matters . 

(a) Annual Base Salary . During the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary at the rate of 

350,000 per year (as may be increased from time to time, the Annual Base Salary ), subject to withholdings and deductions, which shall be paid to Executive in accordance with the customary payroll practices and procedures of the Company. Such Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Board and/or the Compensation Committee of the Board Compensation Committee not less than annually. 
 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus based on Executive s achievement of performance objectives determined annually by the Compensation Committee in consultation with Executive (the Annual Bonus ), such bonus to be targeted at 50 of Executive s Annual Base Salary (the Target Bonus ). Any Annual Bonus approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board shall be paid at the same time annual bonuses are paid to other executives of the Company generally, subject to Executive s continuous employment through the date of payment (other than as otherwise set forth in Section 6(a)). The Parties agree that, even though they are entering into this Agreement during 2022, Executive s Annual Bonus for 2022 will not be prorated. 

(c) Benefits . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in such employee and executive benefit plans and programs as the Company may from time to time offer to provide to its executives, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein is intended, or shall be construed, to require the Company to institute or continue any, or any particular, plan or benefit. 

(d) Business Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties to the Company in accordance with the Company s applicable expense reimbursement policies and procedures as are in effect from time to time. 

(e) Vacation . Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy. Any vacation shall be taken at the reasonable and mutual convenience of the Company and Executive. 

(f) Reimbursement of Legal Fees . The Company will reimburse Executive for up to seventeen thousand five hundred dollars 17,500) for legal fees incurred by Executive in connection with the review, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. Executive agrees to promptly (and no later than thirty (30) days after the Parties fully execute this Agreement) submit appropriate (non-privileged, non-detailed) documentation in connection with such legal fees and the Company shall reimburse Executive for such legal fees no later than thirty 

(30) days after Company s receipt of such documentation. 
 
 4. Equity Awards . Executive shall be eligible for such stock options and equity awards as may be determined by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. The anticipated terms of Executive s first equity awards are set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

5. Termination . 

(a) At-Will Employment . The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and shall continue to be at will, as defined under applicable law. This means that it is not for any specified period of time and can be terminated by Executive or by the Company at any time, with or without advance notice, and for 

any or no particular reason or cause. It also means that Executive s job duties, title, responsibility and reporting level, work schedule, compensation, and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may be changed with prospective effect, with or without notice, at any time in the sole discretion of the Company (subject to any ramification such changes may have under Section 6 of this Agreement). This at-will nature of Executive s employment shall remain unchanged during Executive s tenure as an employee and may not be changed, except in an express writing signed by Executive, on the one hand, and a duly-authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive) acting with the approval of the Board or the Compensation Committee, on the other hand. If Executive s employment terminates for any lawful reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, award, or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement or another written agreement between a member of the Company Group and Executive. 
 
 (b) Notice of Termination . During the Term, any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by written notice (a Notice of Termination from one Party hereto to the other Party hereto (i) indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if any; (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated; and (iii) specifying the Date of Termination (as defined below). The failure by either party to set forth in the Notice of Termination all of the facts and circumstances that contribute to a showing of Cause or Good Reason, as applicable, shall not waive any right of such party hereunder or preclude such party from asserting such facts or circumstances in enforcing its rights hereunder. 

(c) Date of Termination . For purposes of this Agreement, Date of Termination shall mean the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company specified in a Notice of Termination; provided, however, that in the event of Executive s resignation without Good Reason (as defined below), such date shall not be earlier than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered by Executive to the Company; and provided, further, that the Company may waive any period of notice provided by Executive, thereby accelerating Executive s Date of Termination. 

(d) Deemed Resignation . Upon termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and board memberships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Company s request, Executive shall immediately execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations. 

6. Consequences of Termination . 

(a) Payments of Accrued Obligations upon All Terminations of Employment . Upon a termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive (or Executive s estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive, within 30 days after Executive s Date of Termination (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law): (i) any portion of Executive s Annual Base Salary earned through Executive s Date of Termination not theretofore paid; (ii) any expenses owed to Executive under Section 3; (iii) any accrued but unused paid time off owed to Executive; (iv) any vested amount arising from Executive s participation in any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements under Section 3 or 4, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plans, programs, agreements or arrangements and (v) other than in connection with a termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, payment of any prior year s earned discretionary annual bonus to the extent not previously paid, paid in accordance with Section 3(b). Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 6(b) and (c), the payments and benefits described in this Section 6(a) shall be the only payments and benefits payable in the event of Executive s termination of employment for any reason under this Agreement. 

(b) Severance Payments upon Covered Termination Outside a Change in Control Period . If, during the Term, Executive experiences a Covered Termination outside a Change in Control Period (each as defined below), then in addition to the payments and benefits described in Section 6(a), the Company shall, subject to Executive s delivery to the Company of a Release (as defined below) that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d) and Executive s continued compliance with the terms of this Agreement, provide Executive with the following benefits set forth in this Section 6(b). For purposes of this Agreement, Release means a separation and general release agreement in all material respects in the form attached as hereto as Exhibit A , subject to such changes that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate in light of changes in applicable law. 

(i) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to the sum of (A) Executive s Annual Base Salary and (B) the Target Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs. Such amount shall be paid, subject to applicable withholding and Section 11(c), in substantially equal installments over twelve (12) months following the Date of Termination in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices; provided, however, that amounts shall accrue, with payments of accrued amounts made on the second regularly scheduled payroll date after the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) and then continuing thereafter. 

(ii) For purposes of vesting with respect to Executive s outstanding Company equity awards that are scheduled to vest solely subject to continued service or employment, vesting shall accelerate so that such awards shall be vested to the same extent as if Executive had provided an additional twelve (12) months of service or employment from the Date of Termination. For purposes of vesting with respect to Executive s outstanding Company equity awards that are scheduled to vest subject to continued service or employment and the attainment of one or more performance objectives, the time vesting shall accelerate so that such awards shall be vested to the same extent as if Executive had provided an additional twelve (12) months of service or employment from the Date of Termination, and the performance vesting will not be accelerated but will become vested if and to the extent the performance vesting requirements are attained. 

(iii) During the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the twelve (12)- month anniversary thereof or, if earlier, the date of Executive s death, subject to Executive s valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the regulations thereunder, the Company shall pay 100 of the Executive s COBRA premium; provided, however, that if the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the parties hereby agree to negotiate in good faith to modify the foregoing provision in such manner as to avoid the imposition of such excise taxes while also maintaining, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, the original intent and economic benefits to the Employee and the Company under this clause (iii). 

(c) Severance Payments upon Covered Termination During a Change in Control Period . If, during the Term, Executive experiences a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period (each as defined below), then, in addition to the payments and benefits described in Section 6(a), the Company shall, subject to Executive s delivery to the Company of a Release that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10(d) and Executive s continued compliance with the terms of this Agreement, provide Executive with the following: 

(i) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to the sum of (A) 1.5 times the Executive s Annual Base Salary and (B) the Target Bonus for the year earned by Executive for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs. Such amount shall be paid, subject to applicable withholding and Sections 10(a) and 10(b), payable in a lump sum on the second regularly scheduled payroll date after the Release Expiration Date. 

(ii) For purposes of vesting with respect to Executive s outstanding Company equity awards that are scheduled to vest solely subject to continued service or employment, vesting shall accelerate so that such awards are fully vested as of the Date of Termination. For purposes of vesting with respect to Executive s outstanding Company equity awards that are scheduled to vest subject to continued service or employment and the attainment of one or more performance objectives, the time vesting shall accelerate so that such awards shall be fully vested as of the Date of Termination, and the performance vesting will not be accelerated but will become vested if and to the extent the performance vesting requirements are attained. 

(iii) During the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on the eighteen (18)-month anniversary thereof or, if earlier, the date of Executive s death, subject to Executive s valid election to continue healthcare coverage under Section 4980B of the Code, the Company shall pay 100 of the Executive s COBRA premium; provided, however, that if the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then then the parties hereby agree to negotiate in good faith to modify the foregoing provision in such manner as to avoid the imposition of such excise taxes while also maintaining, to the maximum extent 

reasonably possible, the original intent and economic benefits to the Employee and the Company under this clause (iii). 
 
 (d) No Other Severance . The provisions of this Section 6 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment provisions in any severance plan, policy, program, or other arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries except as otherwise approved by the Board or the Compensation Committee. 

(e) No Requirement to Mitigate; Survival . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or in any other manner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the termination of Executive s employment shall not impair the rights or obligations of any Party. 

(f) Definition of Cause .	For purposes hereof, Cause shall mean any one of the following: 

(i) Executive s material violation of any applicable law or regulation respecting the business of the Company; 
 (ii) Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any crime involving moral turpitude or any felony; (iii) any act of fraud, embezzlement, theft, misrepresentation, material dishonesty, gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive; (iv) Executive s willful and repeated refusal to attempt in good faith to implement a clear, reasonable and lawful directive from the Board that is consistent with his position; (v) conduct by Executive that brings or is reasonably expected to bring Executive or the Company into disrepute or otherwise make Executive unfit to continue to serve as an officer of the Company, in each case, in any material respect; (vi) Executive s breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or (vii) Executive s material breach of this Agreement, another material written agreement with the Company or the Company s material written policies or procedures; provided, that solely for purposes of clause (i) or (vii) of this paragraph, the Company will not be deemed to have Cause unless (1) the Company first provides Executive with written notice of the condition giving rise to Cause within 30 days of the date the Board first becomes aware of its initial occurrence; and (2) if curable, Executive fails to cure such condition within 30 days after receiving such written notice. 
 
 (g) Definition of Change in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean 

(i) the acquisition by any person or group of affiliated or associated persons of more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock of the Company representing more than 50 of the total voting power of outstanding capital stock of the Company; (ii) the consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a third party; 
 (iii) the consummation of any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination involving the Company in which, immediately after giving effect to such merger, less than a majority of the total voting power of outstanding stock of the surviving or resulting entity is then beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company, as applicable, immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination; or (iv) a circumstance in which the Incumbent Directors (as defined below) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall a transaction constitute a Change in Control if (x) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation; or (y) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 
 (h) Definition of Change in Control Period . For purposes hereof, Change in Control Period shall mean the period of time commencing six (6) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months after such Change in Control. 

(i) Definition of Covered Termination . For purposes hereof, Covered Termination shall mean the termination of Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, and shall not include a termination due to Executive s death or Disability. 

(j) Definition of Disability . For purposes hereof, Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity of Executive that entitles Executive to benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan, or, in the absence of such a plan, it is reasonably determined by the Board that Executive is unable to perform, by reason of 

such physical or mental incapacity, the essential functions of his or her position for a period of at least 180 days in any twelve (12)-month period or that is reasonably expected to result in Executive s death. 
 
 (k) Definition of Good Reason . For purposes hereof, Good Reason shall mean any one of the following that occurs without the consent of Executive: (i) the reduction of Executive s Base Salary or Target Bonus, other than a reduction of up to 10 that occurs in connection with a Company-wide decrease in executive team compensation; (ii) the relocation of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 35 miles; or (iii) the Company s material breach of the Agreement or any other material written agreement with Executive; provided, that in each case, Executive will not be deemed to have Good Reason unless (1) Executive first provides the Company with written notice of the condition giving rise to Good Reason within 30 days of the date Executive first becomes aware of its initial occurrence; (2) the Company or the successor company fails to cure such condition within 30 days after receiving such written notice (the Cure Period ); and (3) Executive s resignation based on such Good Reason is effective within 30 days after the expiration of the Cure Period. 

(l) Definition of Incumbent Directors . For purposes hereof, Incumbent Directors shall mean for any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new director(s) whose election or nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least a majority (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director without objection to such nomination) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the twelve (12)-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved. 

7. Executive Covenants . To protect the trade secrets and Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries Company Group and its customers and clients that have been and will be entrusted to Executive, the business goodwill of the Company Group that will be developed in and through Executive and the business opportunities that will be disclosed or entrusted to Executive by the Company Group, and as an additional incentive for the Company to enter into this Agreement, pay the compensation and benefits hereunder, Executive agrees as follows: 

(a) Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. 

(i) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential (A) all valuable and unique information; (B) other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company Group and deemed by it to be confidential; and (C) information developed or used by the Company Group relating to the Business, operations, employees and/or customers of the Company Group including, but not limited to, any employee information (all such information described in the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C) (other than information which is (x) known to the public or becomes known to the public through no fault of Executive; (y) received by Executive on a non-confidential basis from a Person that is not bound by an obligation of confidentiality to the Company Group; or (z) in Executive s possession prior to receipt from the Company Group, as evidenced by Executive s written records) is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information ). The Parties recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique and that by reason of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive may acquire Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is the property of the Company Group. Accordingly, Executive shall not at any time during or after the Term, except in the proper performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Board, disclose to any Person other than the Company, whether or not such Person is a competitor of the Company, and shall use Executive s best efforts to prevent the publication or disclosure of, any Confidential Information obtained by, or which has come to the knowledge of, Executive prior or subsequent to the date hereof. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall prohibit Executive from (A) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation; and/or (B) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade secrets) in confidence to, any federal, state or local government regulator (including, but not limited to, 

the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission or the 
 U.S. Department of Justice) for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or from providing such information to Executive s attorney or in a sealed complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other governmental proceeding. Pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 (b) Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation of Customers or Clients. 

(i) During the Term and ending on the one (1)-year anniversary of the Date of Termination Restricted Period ), in any case, Executive shall not, in any manner, anywhere in the United States, United Kingdom, Belgium, Australia, India, South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong or any other region in which the Company Group is then operating or has taken affirmative steps to operate (the Geographic Area (whether on Executive s own account, or as an employee, director, consultant, contractor, agent, partner, manager, joint venturer, owner, operator or officer of any other Person, or in any other capacity) either directly or indirectly: 

(1) become engaged in or with, either alone or with any Person that is engaged in or preparing to engage in, the Business or any portion thereof; 

(2) act in any capacity for, perform services to, invest in, aid or abet, or give information or financial assistance to, any Person engaged in or preparing to engage in the Business or any portion thereof; or 

(3) seek to diminish the relationships between the Company Group and any of their customers or clients or seek, directly or indirectly, to divert such relationships for Executive s personal benefit or to such firm or other person or entity with whom Executive may then be employed or otherwise associated. 

Nothing contained in this Section 7(b) shall be deemed to prohibit Executive from passively owning, directly or indirectly, not more than two percent (2 of the securities of any publicly-traded company, so long as Executive has no active participation in the business of such company or not more than two percent (2 of the limited partnership interests of a private equity fund, irrespective of the companies in which the fund invests, so long as Executive has no active participation in the business of any such companies owned by the private equity fund. 
 
 (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, firm or other business of whatever nature, in any case, to which is now existing or hereafter created. 

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Business shall mean the business of providing technology, information, tools, features, functionality, and/or related services in regards to any of the following: (a) local, state, federal and/or global legislative, regulatory and policy issues, (b) geopolitical and related economic risk and opportunity, (c) grassroots and/or grasstops advocacy and/or (d) any other business of the Company Group commenced (or with respect to which affirmative steps toward commencement have been taken, including without limitation by acquisition or investment) prior to the Date of Termination. 

(c) Non-Solicitation of Employees . During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, in any manner, (whether on Executive s own account, or as an employee, director, consultant, contractor, agent, partner, manager, joint venturer, owner, operator or officer of any other Person, or in any other capacity) either directly or indirectly: 

(i) hire or solicit the employment or engagement of any Person who (A) as of the period during the six (6) months prior to and including the Date of Termination or (B) at the time of such solicitation or hire, in any case, is or was employed or engaged by the Company Group; or 

(ii) solicit, canvass, induce or encourage any employee or consultant of the Company Group entity to leave the employment or service of, or cease providing services to, the Company Group, as applicable. 

Nothing contained in this Section 7(c) shall restrict Executive from conducting any general advertisement or solicitation (or any hiring pursuant to such advertisement or solicitation) for employees or consultants that is not targeted at any employee or consultant of the Company Group, including, without limitation, through the use of employment agencies, provided Executive does not actually hire such employee or consultant. 
 
 (d) Intellectual Property Rights . Executive acknowledges and agrees that all inventions, technology, processes, innovations, ideas, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, trademarks, service marks, and other indicia of origin, writings, audiovisual works, concepts, drawings, reports and all similar, related, or derivative information or works (whether or not patentable or subject to copyright), including but not limited to all patents, copyrights, copyright registrations, trademarks, and trademark registrations in and to any of the foregoing, along with the right to practice, employ, exploit, use, develop, reproduce, copy, distribute copies, publish, license, or create works derivative of any of the foregoing, and the right to choose not to do or permit any of the aforementioned actions (collectively, the Inventions ), which relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice to the Business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed or made by Executive while employed by the Company (collectively, the Work Product belong to the Company. All Work Product created by Executive while employed by the Company will be considered work made for hire, and as such, the Company is the sole owner of all rights, title, and interests therein. Executive hereby agrees that all rights to any new Work Product and all rights to any existing Work Product, including but not limited to all of Executive s rights to any copyrights or copyright registrations related thereto, are hereby conveyed, assigned and transferred to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Executive will promptly disclose and deliver such Work Product to the Company and, at the Company s expense, perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect such ownership (including, without limitation, the execution of assignments, copyright registrations, consents, licenses, powers of attorney and other instruments). All Work Product made within six (6) months after the applicable Date of Termination will be presumed to have been conceived during Executive's employment with the Company, unless Executive can prove conclusively that it was created solely after such termination. Work Product will not include Inventions developed entirely on Executive s own time without using any equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the Company Group; provided, however, Work Product will include, without exception, any Invention that either (i) relates, at the time of conception or reduction to practice of such Invention, to the Business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company Group or (ii) results from any service or work performed by Executive to or for the benefit of the Company Group. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that if Executive uses any other Inventions in which Executive has an interest and that are not Work Product (collectively, the Excluded Inventions in the course of Executive s employment for the Company or incorporates any Excluded Inventions in any Work Product, technology, product, or service of the Company, Executive hereby grants the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable, worldwide right to use and sublicense the use of Excluded Technology for the purpose of developing, marketing, selling and supporting the Work Product and any other Company technology, products and services, either directly or through multiple tiers of distribution, but not for the purpose of selling or marketing Excluded Technology separately from the Work Product or other Company technology, products or services. 

(e) Continuing Operation ; Survival . If the restrictions and covenants set forth in this Section 7 are determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of extending for too great of a period of time or over too great a Geographic Area, or by reason of being too extensive in any other respect, the applicable covenant shall be interpreted to provide for the longest period of time, over the greatest Geographic Area and/or the broadest scope of activities and to otherwise have the broadest application, as shall be enforceable by applicable law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, which shall continue in full force and effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the restrictions contained herein shall be construed as separate covenants, covering their respective subject matters, with respect to each of the separate cities, counties and states of the United States, and each other country, and political subdivision thereof, in which the 

Business is being conducted. Neither the termination of Executive s employment nor the termination of the Term or this Agreement, in any case, will have any effect on the continuing operation of this Section 7, and this Section 7 shall continue to apply in accordance with its terms during and after Executive s employment with the Company, whether or not any other provisions of this Agreement remain in effect at such time. 
 
 (f) Remedies . Executive acknowledges and understands that this Section 7 and the other provisions of this Agreement are of a special and unique nature, the breach of which cannot be adequately compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that any breach or threatened breach of such provisions would cause the Company Group irreparable harm. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining Executive from such breach without the need to post bond therefor. Nothing contained in this Section 7 shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing, or limiting the Company s ability to pursue, any other remedies available for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by Executive. The provisions of Section 9(f) below relating to arbitration of disputes shall not be applicable to the Company to the extent it seeks a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief in any court to restrain Executive from violating the covenants set forth in this Section 7. 

8. Assignment and Successors . The Company shall assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the business or the assets of the Company (by merger or otherwise). This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Executive, and their respective successors, assigns, personnel, and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. None of Executive s rights or obligations may be assigned or transferred by Executive, other than Executive s rights to payments hereunder, which may be transferred only by will, operation of law, or as otherwise provided herein. 

9. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

(a) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction, and where applicable, the laws of the United States, that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(b) Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

(c) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures delivered by facsimile shall be deemed effective for all purposes. 

(d) Entire Agreement . The terms of this Agreement are intended by the Parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment of Executive by the Company and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, regarding Executive s service to the Company, except the Indemnification Agreement between Executive and FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., dated May 27, 2021 (the Indemnification Agreement ), which agreement shall remain in full force in effect. The Parties further intend that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of their terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Amendments; Waivers . This Agreement sets forth the intent of the Parties. The Parties anticipate that, in the ordinary course, the Company may ask Executive to sign other documents in connection with his continued employment with the Company (e.g., employee handbook acknowledgments, forms of grant agreements, etc.). The Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any such documents, the terms of this Agreement shall control; however, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company from conditioning Executive s receipt of any compensation or benefit to which Executive is not entitled under this Agreement on his execution of an agreement that has terms and conditions that may be 

different from this Agreement . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, Executive or a duly authorized officer of the Company, as applicable, may waive compliance by the other Party with any specifically identified provision of this Agreement that such other Party was or is obligated to comply with or perform; provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity. 
 
 (f) Dispute Resolution . Both Executive and the Company agree to submit any and all disputes, controversies, or claims based upon, relating to, or arising from this Agreement (other than workers compensation claims) or the terms, interpretation, performance, breach, or arbitrability of this Agreement, Executive s employment with the Company or any termination thereof (each, a Covered Claim to final and binding arbitration before a single neutral arbitrator in Washington, District of Columbia. Subject to the terms of this paragraph, the arbitration proceedings shall be initiated in accordance with, and governed by, the applicable rules (the Rules for the resolution of employment disputes of the American Arbitration Association AAA (such rules previously referred to as the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes). The arbitrator shall be appointed by agreement of the Parties hereto or, if no agreement can be reached, by the AAA pursuant to its Rules. The Company shall bear AAA s administrative fees and the arbitrator s fees and costs. The Executive shall be entitled to prompt advancement of any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees, and other professional fees and charges) incurred by him in connection with any such Covered Claim, or in connection with seeking to enforce his rights under this Section 9(f), any such advancement to be made within fifteen (15) days after the Executive gives written notice, supported by reasonable documentation, requesting such advancement. To the extent that it is determined by the arbitrator that the Company substantially prevailed in respect of the Covered Claims, the Executive shall promptly reimburse the Company all such costs and expenses. This Section 9(f) is intended to be the exclusive method for resolving any and all claims by Executive or the Company against each other for payment of damages under this Agreement; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor the submission to arbitration shall limit Executive s or the Company s right to seek provisional relief, including without limitation injunctive relief, in any court of competent jurisdiction. Both Executive and the Company expressly waive their respective rights to a jury trial. Pending the resolution of any Covered Claim hereunder, the Executive (and his beneficiaries) shall continue to receive all payments and benefits that are then due under this Agreement and that are not the subject of a good faith dispute, unless the arbitrator determines otherwise. 

(g) Enforcement . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws, such provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a portion of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid, and enforceable. 

(h) Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local, or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges that the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding shall arise. 

(i) Indemnification . The Company agrees to advance and indemnify Executive for all costs, damages, losses and expenses reasonably and actually incurred by Executive in connection with any and all third-party claims or proceedings arising from, as a result of, or in connection with Executive s employment by the Company hereunder (and service on the Board and in any other offices or directorships with any member of the Company Group, as applicable) to the greatest extent permitted under the Company s organizational documents and applicable law. This right to advancement of expenses and indemnification shall not apply to, and the Company will have no obligation to advance or indemnify Executive with respect to, any action, suit or proceeding brought by or on behalf of Executive against the Company Group, or by the Company Group against Executive. The Indemnification Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

(j) Clawback Policy . Executive acknowledges that Executive s Annual Bonus and equity compensation shall be subject to claw back in accordance with applicable Company policy, if any, and applicable law. 

10. Golden Parachute Excise Tax . 

(a) Best Pay . Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any payment or benefit Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payment would individually or in the aggregate with all other Payments (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment will be equal to the Reduced Amount (as defined below). The Reduced Amount will be either (A) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (B) the entire Payment, whichever amount after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that could be obtained from a deduction of such state and local taxes), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Executive. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A (as defined below) that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (1) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve, to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for Executive as determined on an after-tax basis; (2) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (3) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 

(b) Accounting Firm . The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax purposes as of the day prior to the Change in Control will perform the calculations set forth in Section 9(a). If the firm so engaged by the Company is serving as the accountant or auditor for the acquiring company, the Company will appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder. The Company will bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such firm required to be made hereunder. The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder will provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company within thirty (30) days before the consummation of a Change in Control (if requested at that time by the Company) or such other time as requested by the Company. If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount, it will furnish the Company with documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. Any good-faith determinations of the accounting firm made hereunder will be final, binding, and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 

11. Section 409A . 

(a) General . The intent of the Parties is that the payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including, without limitation, any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date Section 409A ), and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 does not, and shall not be construed so as to, create any obligation or liability on the part of the Company if the payments and benefits under 

this Agreement do not comply with Section 409A. Executive shall be solely liable for any taxes imposed on him under or by operation of Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Separation from Service . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) no amount that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A shall be payable pursuant to Section 6 unless the termination of Executive s employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations Separation from Service ); (ii) for purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to receive installment payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments; and (iii) to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year. 

(c) Specified Employee . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is deemed by the Company at the time of Executive s Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, to the extent that delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A, such portion of Executive s benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of Executive s Separation from Service with the Company or (ii) the date of Executive s death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable Section 409A period, all payments deferred pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive (or Executive s estate or beneficiaries), and any remaining payments due to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. 

(d) Release . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement or otherwise as a result of Executive s termination of employment are subject to Executive s execution and delivery of a Release, (i) if Executive fails to execute the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) or timely revokes Executive s acceptance of the Release thereafter, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release, and (ii) in any case where Executive s Date of Termination and the Release Expiration Date fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Executive that are conditioned on the Release and are treated as nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes of this Section 10(d), Release Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release to Executive, or, in the event that Executive s termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement or otherwise as a result of Executive s termination of employment are delayed pursuant to this Section 10(d), such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the date that Executive executes and does not revoke the Release (and the applicable revocation period has expired) or, in the case of any payments subject to Section 10(d)(ii), on the first payroll period to occur in the subsequent taxable year, if later. 

12. Executive Coach . During the Term, Executive shall have the option to retain a professional executive coach to provide Executive with professional advice, guidance and training. The Company shall directly pay all fees of the executive coach. 

13. Executive Acknowledgement . Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company other than those contained in writing herein, and has entered into this Agreement freely based on Executive s own judgment. 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ON NEXT PAGE 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 2F2E6BD3-1A15-4C3B-8326-0A3D1B67670F 

The Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Agreement Date. 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By: 
 Name: Tim Hwang 
 Its:	Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 
 
 By: 
 Name:	Jon Slabaugh 

[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement - Slabaugh] 

EXHIBIT A -- 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Service-Based Equity 

Executive shall be granted service-based equity awards subject to 100,000 shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock. 

Seventy-five percent (75 of the Service-Based Equity shall be in the form of Restricted Stock Units and twenty-five percent (25 of the Service-Based Equity shall be in the form of Stock Options with the exercise price equal to the fair market value per share of the Company s Class Common Stock, measured as of the grant date. 

The Restricted Stock Units and Stock Options shall vest monthly ratably over the remaining months of calendar year 2022, subject to Executive s continued employment. Beginning on January 1, 2023, and in subsequent years, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Options shall vest monthly ratably over the twelve (12) months of the calendar year. 

Performance-Based Equity 

Restricted Stock Units subject to 25,000 shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock, which vest immediately upon hitting Annual Targets as set forth by the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors determined as of the end of 2022. 

14 
 
 EXHIBIT B 
 
 SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 
 
 In order to settle as fully as possible all known and unknown claims Timothy Hwang Executive might have against FiscalNote Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and all related parties, the Company and the Executive agree to the terms and conditions of this Separation Agreement and General Release (the Agreement ). The Effective Date of this Agreement will be the eighth day following the date that the Executive signs and returns this Agreement to the Company provided the Executive does not rescind this Agreement in the seven days following the date that the Executive signs it. 
 
 1. Separation Date . The Executive s Company employment ended on 	 (the Separation Date ). As of the Separation Date, the Executive resigned from all offices and board memberships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates. 

2. Consideration : In exchange for this Agreement and conditioned on the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits set forth in this Section 1 (collectively, the Consideration ), which payment and benefits the Executive is not otherwise entitled to receive and which will not be taken into account when determining the Executive s rights or benefits under any employee benefit plan, program, or policy, notwithstanding anything in it to the contrary. 1 

3. Compensation and Benefit Plans : As of the Separation Date, the Executive ceased to be eligible to participate under any equity-based compensation, bonus, incentive compensation, commission, medical, dental, disability, life insurance, retirement, or other compensation or benefit plans of the Company or any affiliate. Following the Separation Date, the Executive has no rights under any of those plans, except that regardless of whether the Executive signs this Agreement: 2 

4. Tax Reporting and Withholding : The Company will report all payments due under this Agreement to tax authorities, and withhold taxes and other amounts from them, as it determines is consistent with applicable law. The Executive agrees not to make any claim against the Company or any other person based on how the Company reports amounts or withholds taxes from them, or if an adverse determination is made as to the tax treatment of any amounts payable under this Agreement. The Executive agrees that the Company has no duty to try to prevent such an adverse determination. 

5. Release : The Executive, on behalf of himself and all of his heirs, executors, administrators and successors, releases (i.e., gives up) all known and unknown claims that the Executive has as of the time the Executive signs this Agreement against the Company, all current and former, direct and indirect parents, subsidiaries, brother- sister companies, and all other affiliates and related partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities, and, with respect to each of them, their predecessors and successors; and, with respect to each such entity, all of its past, present, and future employees, officers, directors, stockholders, owners, representatives, assigns, attorneys, agents, insurers, employee benefit programs (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries, and insurers of such programs), and any other persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of the persons or entities listed in this section, and their successors the Released Parties and each a Released Party ). For example, the Executive is releasing all claims the Executive 

1 Note to Draft : This Section 2 will describe the severance payments set forth in Section 6(b) or Section 6(c), as applicable, of the Executive s Employment Agreement. 
 2 Note to Draft : This Section 3 will describe the payments required by Section 6(a) of Executive s Employment Agreement, as applicable, with vested benefits consisting of Executive s vested equity-based compensation awards and Executive s vested account balance in the FiscalNote 401(k) Plan. 

15 
 
 has or might have under common law, contract, tort, or any domestic or foreign law, such as the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act (the WARN Act), the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Sections 1981 and 1983 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and the District of Columbia's Human Rights Act. However, the Executive is not releasing (i) any of the few claims that the law does not permit the Executive to release by private agreement; (ii) Executive s right to indemnification under the Employment Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement or the Company s bylaws; or 
 (iii) the Executive s right to enforce this Agreement. 
 
 6. Ownership of Claims : The Executive has not assigned or given away any of the claims the Executive is releasing. 

7. Applicable Law : To the extent federal law does not apply, this Agreement is governed by the internal laws (and not the conflicts of law rules) of State of Delaware. 

8. Covenants : The Executive acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) Restrictive Covenants . Executive remains bound by the non-disclosure of confidential information, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property provisions of Section 7 of Executive s employment agreement with the Company dated 	 , 2021, as amended Employment Agreement and any similar restrictive covenant with the Company or any of its affiliates to which Executive is currently bound. Executive represents and warrants that he has not previously breached, and will not breach, any such provision or covenant. 

(b) Reemployment : The Executive promises not to seek employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the future, under any circumstances, unless the Company asks the Executive to do so in writing. In the event that the Executive seeks to obtain employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the future, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement shall constitute good cause for the refusal to offer any such employment to the Executive and, if hired, for the termination of the Executive s employment for cause. Employment does not include services rendered by the Executive to a third-party who, in turn, may be providing services to any of the Released Parties, provided the Executive is not assigned to provide services to any of the Released Parties. 

(c) Return of Company Property : Within ten (10) days of signing this Agreement, the Executive promises to return to the Company all files, memoranda, documents, records, copies of the foregoing, Company- provided credit cards, keys, building passes, security passes, access or identification cards, mobile devices, laptops, thumb drives, and any other property of the Company or any Released Party in the Executive s possession or control. The Executive promises to clear all expense accounts, repay all debts owed to the Company or any Released Party, pay all amounts owed on Company-provided credit cards or accounts (such as cell phone accounts), and cancel or personally assume any such credit cards or accounts. The Executive agrees not to incur any expenses, obligations, or liabilities on behalf of the Company. 

(d) Cooperation : The Executive agrees that, as reasonably requested by the Company, the Executive will fully cooperate with the Company or any affiliate in effecting a smooth transition of the Executive s responsibilities to others and with respect to any current or future investigation or the defense or prosecution of any claims, proceedings, arbitrations or other actions. For example, as requested by the Company, the Executive will promptly and fully respond to all inquiries from the Company or any affiliate and its representatives relating to any lawsuit or arbitration, and testify truthfully on behalf of the Company in connection with any such lawsuit or arbitration, provided Company makes reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executive s other activities . The Executive further agrees that, as reasonably requested by the Company, the Executive will cooperate fully with the Company or its representatives in any investigation, proceeding, administrative review, or litigation brought against the Company or any Released Party by any government agency or private party pertaining to matters occurring during the Executive s employment with the Company or any Released Party. To the extent that the Executive incurs out- of-pocket expenses (such as postage costs or telephone charges) in assisting the Company or any affiliate at its request, the Company will mail the Executive a reimbursement check for those expenses within 15 days following its receipt 

16 
 
 of the Executive s request for payment, which request shall include satisfactory written substantiation of the claimed expenses. 
 
 9. Consideration of Agreement : If initially the Executive did not think any representation made in this Agreement was true or if initially the Executive felt uncomfortable in making it, the Executive has resolved all the Executive s doubts and concerns before signing this Agreement. The Executive has carefully read this Agreement, the Executive fully understands what it means, the Executive is entering into it knowingly and voluntarily, and all the Executive s representations in it are true. The consideration period described in the box above the Executive s signature began when the Executive first was given this Agreement, and the Executive waives any right to have it restarted or extended by any changes made to this Agreement after the Executive s first being given a copy of it. 

10. Additional Representations : When the Executive decided to sign this Agreement, the Executive was not relying on any representations that are not included in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to pay the Executive payments or benefits in exchange for signing this Agreement but for the representations and covenants the Executive made by signing it. The Executive has not suffered any job-related wrongs or injuries, such as any type of discrimination and the Executive has no occupational diseases. The Executive has properly reported all hours that the Executive has worked and the Executive has been paid all compensation, benefits, and other amounts that the Company or any Released Party owed the Executive. The Executive has submitted a request for reimbursement for all amounts that the Executive is entitled to receive reimbursement from any of the Released Parties. The Executive understands that the Company in the future may improve employee benefits or pay. The Executive understands that the Executive s former job may be refilled. 

11. Disclosure of Threatened Claims : The Executive has disclosed to the Company s general counsel in writing the details of any threatened claims against the Company or any other Released Party of which the Executive is aware. 

12. Arbitration of Disputes : The Company and the Executive agree to resolve on an individual basis any disputes they may have with each other arising under this Agreement or the Executive employment or termination of employment through final and binding arbitration. For example, the Executive is agreeing to arbitrate any dispute about the formation, validity, or meaning of this Agreement and any contract, tort, or statutory claims (including but not limited to claims for defamation, discrimination and retaliation). The Executive also agrees to resolve through final and binding arbitration any disputes the Executive has with any other Released Party who elects to arbitrate those disputes under this subsection. Arbitrations will be conducted by JAMS in accordance with its employment dispute resolution rules (and no other JAMS rules), except that if any provision of this section conflicts with the JAMS rules, then the provision of this section will prevail. This agreement to arbitrate does not preclude resort to or recovery through any government agency process or proceeding, including but not limited to those of the National Labor Relations Board and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (or its state and local counterparts). The parties to the arbitration will bear their own costs and attorneys fees and the Company shall pay the JAMS fee and the arbitrator s fee; provided, however, that the arbitrator at the conclusion of the arbitration will award reasonable costs and attorneys fees to the prevailing party. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive understands this section s arbitration requirements and that arbitration would be in lieu of a court or jury trial. The Federal Arbitration Act will govern this section, but if for any reason the FAA is held to be inapplicable, then the law of the State of Delaware shall apply. Nothing in this paragraph shall limit Executive s or the Company s right to seek equitable relief, including without limitation injunctive relief, in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

13. Fees and Costs : In the event of litigation or arbitration relating to this Agreement or its subject matter, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. 

14. Government and Agency Communication, Testimony, Charges, etc. : Nothing in this Agreement prevents the Executive from giving truthful testimony or truthfully responding to a valid subpoena, or communicating, testifying before or filing a charge with government or regulatory entities (such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), or U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)), subject to any obligation the Executive may have to take steps to protect confidential information from public disclosure. However, the Executive promises never to seek 

17 
 
 or accept any compensatory damages, back pay, front pay, or reinstatement remedies for Executive personally with respect to any claims released by this Agreement. 
 
 15. Clawback Policy . Executive acknowledges that Executive s annual bonuses and equity-based compensation shall be subject to claw back in accordance with applicable Company policy, if any, and applicable law. 

16. Miscellaneous : 

(a) Complete Agreement : This Agreement is the entire agreement relating to any claims or future rights that the Executive has or might have with respect to the Company and the Released Parties. Once in effect, this Agreement is a legally admissible and binding agreement and supersedes the Employment Agreement except as otherwise provided herein. It will not be construed strictly for or against the Executive, the Company, or any other Released Party. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(b) Counterparts : This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts or multiple originals, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. The parties agree that facsimile and electronic signatures have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

(c) Waiver : No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding unless reduced to writing and signed by the waiving party. No such waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall waive of any other provision of this Agreement or constitute a continuing waiver. 

(d) Amendments : This Agreement only may be amended by a written agreement that the Company and the Executive both sign. 

(e) Effect of Void Provision : If the Company or the Executive successfully asserts that any provision in this Agreement is void, the rest of the Agreement will remain valid and enforceable unless the other party to this Agreement elects to cancel it; provided, however, that if the Company asks the Executive to sign a new document containing a legal and enforceable replacement provision in lieu of canceling the Agreement, the Executive promises that the Executive will do so. If this Agreement is canceled, the Executive will repay any payments or benefits the Executive received for signing it. 

(f) No Wrongdoing : This Agreement is not an admission of wrongdoing by the Company or any other Released Party; neither it nor any drafts will be admissible evidence of wrongdoing. 

EXECUTIVE MAY NOT MAKE ANY CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT. BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, READ IT CAREFULLY, AND THE COMPANY ADVISES EXECUTIVE TO DISCUSS IT WITH YOUR ATTORNEY. EXECUTIVE HAS [21/45] DAYS FOLLOWING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU RECEIVED THIS AGREEMENT TO CONSIDER IT AND DELIVER A SIGNED COPY OF IT TO 	 AT 
 	 , ALTHOUGH EXECUTIVE IS FREE TO SIGN AND DELIVER IT ANYTIME WITHIN THAT PERIOD. BY SIGNING IT, EXECUTIVE WILL BE WAIVING EXECUTIVE S KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 
 
 EXECUTIVE MAY RESCIND THIS AGREEMENT. TO DO SO, EXECUTIVE MUST DELIVER A WRITTEN NOTICE THAT EXECUTIVE IS RESCINDING THIS AGREEMENT TO 	 AT 	 BEFORE SEVEN DAYS EXPIRE FROM THE TIME EXECUTIVE SIGNED IT. IF EXECUTIVE RESCINDS THIS AGREEMENT, IT WILL NOT GO INTO EFFECT AND EXECUTIVE WILL NOT RECEIVE THE PAYMENTS OR 

18 

BENEFITS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 2 OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT ARE CONTINGENT ON YOUR ENTERING INTO AND NOT RESCINDING THIS AGREEMENT. 

FISCALNOTE HOLDINGS, , INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

Date: 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: 
 Jon Slabaugh 

Date: 

19 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 note-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

FiscalNote Intermediate HoldCo, Inc. 
 Delaware 

FiscalNote Holdings II, Inc. 
 Delaware 

FiscalNote, Inc. 
 Delaware 

VoterVoice, L.L.C. 
 Louisiana 

CQ-Roll Call, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Capitol Advantage LLC 
 Virginia 

Sandhill Strategy LLC 
 District of Columbia 

FactSquared, LLC 
 Delaware 

The Oxford Analytica International Group, LLC 
 Delaware 

Oxford Analytica Inc. 
 New York 

Fireside 21, LLC 
 Delaware 

FiscalNote Boards LLC 
 Texas 

Predata, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Curate Solutions, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Forge.AI, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Frontier Strategy Group LLC 
 Delaware 

DragonFly Eye LLC 
 Delaware 

FiscalNote Europe Limited 
 Ireland 

Shungham Information SPRL 
 Belgium 

FiscalNote India Private Limited, Co. 
 India 

DataHunt Co., Ltd. 
 Republic of Korea 

Aicel Technologies, Inc. 
 Republic of Korea 

Oxford Analytica Europe SAS 
 France 

Oxford Analytica Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Frontier Strategy UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 

TimeBase Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

FiscalNote Asia Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Equilibrium World Pte., Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Frontier Strategy Group Asia Pacific Pte. LLC 
 Singapore 

The Orange Polar Bear Company Limited 
 Taiwan 

Dragonfly Eye Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Dragonfly Eye Limited 
 United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 5
 note-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy Hwang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Timothy Hwang 

Timothy Hwang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 note-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jon Slabaugh, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Jon Slabaugh 

Jon Slabaugh Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 note-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Hwang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Timothy Hwang 

Timothy Hwang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

In connection with the Annual Report of FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon Slabaugh, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Jon Slabaugh 

Jon Slabaugh Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 note-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 note-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 note-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 note-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 note-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

