<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1807765_0001213900-23-025429.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4997877</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215227</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>926330</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1203047</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1302953</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1213134</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025429.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				845174573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39534
		FILM NUMBER:		23787416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 ROYAL PALM WAY SUITE 503
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5616712100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 ROYAL PALM WAY SUITE 503
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025429.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_pmvconsumer.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the year ended , 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

(Issuer s Telephone Number, Including Area
Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered N/A Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share PMVC WS N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The Registrant s Class A common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange separately from its Units on November 12, 2020. 

On October 24, 2022, the Registrant s Class
A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, redeemable warrants and units (consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half
of one redeemable warrant) (collectively, the Securities commenced trading on the OTC Pink; the Registrant previously
announced its intention to voluntarily delist the Securities from the New York Stock Exchange, and that the last day of trading on the
NYSE would be October 21, 2022. 

On December 14, 2022, any unseparated units of
the Registrant (consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant) terminated trading and were subsequently
separated. 

As June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A common
stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, was approximately . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A convertible
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, shares of Class B convertible common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 
shares of Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: The information
contained in the registrant s prospectus dated September 21, 2020, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
22, 2020, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (SEC File No. (333-241670) is incorporated into certain portions of Parts I, II, and III, as disclosed
herein. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report, including,
without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of
the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, 
 estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, 
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate
any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These
statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including,
but not limited to, our: 

ability
 to complete one or more business opportunities; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the completion of one or more
 business opportunities ; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete one or more business opportunities; 

pool of
 prospective business opportunities; 

failure
 to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, the OTC Pink or an inability to have our securities traded on
 the OTC Market or listed on a national securities exchange following the completion of a business opportunity; 

ability
 of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

public
 securities potential liquidity and trading; 

lack
 of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds; or 

financial
 performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described
under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the
future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested
by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 1 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures. 
 14 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved. 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 19 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 28 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 29 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 29 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services. 
 30 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 
 31 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K
 Summary. 
 31 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form
10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to PMV Consumer
Acquisition Corp. 

We are a shell company formed under the laws
of the State of Delaware on March 18, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (collectively,
a business opportunity . Our efforts to identify a prospective business opportunity will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic location, although we are currently focusing our search for business opportunities in the consumer industry. 

On September 24, 2020, we consummated our initial
public offering IPO of 17,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 6,150,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per
Private Warrant in a private placement to PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding Company, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross
proceeds of 6,150,000. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should understand that an investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in this section Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor incorporated
by reference or contained herein below. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our public stockholders are relying on management to locate a suitable business opportunity. We may not be successful in identifying a suitable business opportunity and, even if one is identified, no assurance can be provided that we will successfully negotiate and consummate a transaction. 

Our executive
 officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
 as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to identify a
 business opportunity and complete a transaction. 

Certain
 of our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
 entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our limited
 resources may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business opportunities, which may make it difficult for us to
 enter into a transaction. 

We may
 engage in a business opportunity with one or more businesses or entities that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
 with our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We will
 likely only be able to complete one business opportunity, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
 have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Our warrants
 are accounted for as liabilities and changes in the value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

The risk factors set forth below provide more
detailed disclosure of the risks relating to our operations. 

1 

We are a recently formed company with no operating history and
no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed company with no operating
results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objectives.
We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with respect to any business opportunity and may be unable to complete a transaction.
If we fail to complete a transaction, we may never generate any operating revenues. 

If we elect to take advantage of the controlled
company standards, we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements. 

Certain listing rules generally define a Controlled
Company as any company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group
or another company. Only holders of the founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. More than 50 of the
founder shares are held by our sponsor. Accordingly, we satisfy the definition of being a controlled company. We may in the future elect
to take advantage of the controlled company standards, pursuant to which we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements,
such as the requirement to have a majority of independent directors and to have nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees
comprised entirely of independent directors. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete a transaction and our warrants may expire
worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of business opportunities we intend
to pursue. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, such business opportunities and/or operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous business opportunities we could potentially
pursue, our ability to compete for such business opportunities will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain business opportunities. 

Holders of Class A common stock and Class
C common stock will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold. 

Only holders of our founder shares will have the
right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors. Accordingly,
you may not have any say in the management of our company. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a business opportunity in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific business opportunities with which to pursue a
transaction, you are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of any particular business opportunity. 

Although we initially intend to focus our search
for a business opportunity in the consumer industry, we are not limited to evaluating a business opportunity in any particular industry
sector. As a result, there is no current basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular business opportunity. To the
extent we complete a transaction, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business opportunity. For example, if we pursue
a business opportunity with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular business opportunity, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a business opportunity. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable
to you than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business opportunity. 

2 

Our success largely depends on the ability
of our management team to operate and execute effectively. 

Our success largely depends on the ability of
our management team to effectively organize and consummate a business opportunity. Our management team is critical to the execution of
our strategic direction and implementation of a business opportunity. It is difficult to predict with any certainty that we will be able
to replace these individuals with persons of equivalent experience and capabilities should one or more members no longer be able to serve
in their current capacity. If we are unable to find adequate replacements or to attract, retain and incentivize senior executives, other
key advisors or new qualified personnel, such inability could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effect a business combination
and final results of operations. 

Past performance by our management team,
our special advisors and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team, our special advisors and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only.
Past performance by them is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business opportunity we may consummate, or (ii)
that we will be able to locate a suitable business opportunity. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our
management team, our special advisors and their respective affiliates or businesses associated with them as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Any future involvement of our sponsor and
its affiliates, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in governmental investigations or civil litigation
unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate a business opportunity. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates, members of our
management team and companies with which they are affiliated may become involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating
to their business affairs unrelated to our Company in the United States or in other jurisdictions. Such matters, should they arise in
the future, risk distracting them from attention to our affairs and may negatively impact our ability to attract suitable business opportunities
and may ultimately impede our ability to consummate a transaction. 

We may seek business opportunities in any
industry our management chooses (which industries may be outside of our management s areas of expertise). 

We may consider a business opportunity in any
industry our management chooses. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business opportunity,
we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an
investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if
an opportunity were available, in a business opportunity. In the event we elect to pursue a business opportunity outside of the areas
of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and
the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to pursue. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. 

We may seek business opportunities with
a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to
volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we effect a transaction with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in
the operations of that business opportunity. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining
key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular business opportunity,
we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due
diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a business opportunity. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness opinions, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying in a transaction is fair to our stockholders from a
financial point of view. 

Unless we complete a transaction with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that
commonly renders fairness opinions, that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. 

3 

Resources could be wasted in researching
business opportunities that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to identify and effect a business
opportunity. If we are unable to complete a transaction, our warrants may expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
business opportunity and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will
require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete
a specific business opportunity, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore,
if we reach an agreement relating to a specific business opportunity, we may fail to complete the transaction for any number of reasons,
including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely
affect subsequent attempts to identify and effect another business opportunity. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. 

We may, subject to requisite stockholder approval
under the DGCL, reincorporate in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to
make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Our ability to successfully effect a business
opportunity and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The loss of key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of a business opportunity. 

Prior to the completion of a transaction, our
operations will be dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We
believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed a business opportunity.
In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business opportunities
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of
our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have
a detrimental effect on us. 

The role of key personnel in a business opportunity,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some key personnel may remain in senior management or advisory positions following
a transaction, it is equally likely that some or all may be replaced. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
in relation to a particular business opportunity, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to
expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, certain officers and directors may resign
upon completion of a transaction. The departure of key personnel could negatively impact our operations and profitability. The role of
key personnel cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of the management team will remain associated
post-transaction, it is possible that members of management will not wish to remain. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-transaction business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with a particular business opportunity, and a particular business opportunity may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a transaction
and, as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business opportunity is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company post-transaction only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the transaction and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to us with respect to such business opportunity. Such negotiations also could make such
key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to a transaction. The personal and financial interests of such individuals
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a business opportunity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
a prospective business opportunity and, as a result, may identify and effect a business opportunity whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders 
investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
a business opportunity, our ability to assess management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment
of the capabilities of the management team, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-transaction business may be negatively impacted. 

4 

Our executive officers and directors will
allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to effect a business opportunity. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business opportunity and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of a transaction. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which they
may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to effect
a business opportunity. 

Our officers and directors presently have
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We intend to engage in the business of identifying
and effecting one or more business opportunities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may
have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present business opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
business opportunity may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware
law. 

Our officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, and, accordingly, may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We intend to engage in the business of identifying
and effecting one or more business opportunities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may
have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present business opportunities to such entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties
under Delaware law. 

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in
which we are seeking business opportunities. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing business opportunities. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to
effect a business opportunity. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
effect a business opportunity with a an entity that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do
not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a business opportunity and completing a transaction. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable business opportunity may result in a conflict
of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business opportunity are appropriate and in our
stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware
law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However,
we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

5 

We may effect a business opportunity with
one or more entities that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing
holders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to effect one or more business opportunities that are affiliated with our sponsor,
executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities
may compete with us for business opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific business opportunities
involving any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business opportunity
with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business opportunity,
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business opportunity may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to effect a business opportunity, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no current commitments to issue
any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to effect a business
opportunity. The incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to effect one business
opportunity, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may only be able to effect one business opportunity.
By effecting a business opportunity with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks
or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to effect several business opportunities in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business opportunity; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate. 

6 

We may attempt to simultaneously effect
multiple business opportunities, which may hinder our ability to complete a business opportunity and give rise to increased costs and
risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously effect several
business opportunities, we may need for each to agree that effecting one business opportunity is contingent on the other business opportunities,
which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to effect a business opportunity. With multiple business opportunities,
we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of different business opportunities. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to effect a business opportunity
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a transaction that is not as profitable as we
suspected, if at all. 

We may seek to effect a business opportunity with
a privately held company. By definition, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required
to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential business opportunity on the basis of limited information, which may result in a
transaction that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to effect a business opportunity or to fund our operations and growth, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business
opportunity. If we are unable to effect a business opportunity, our warrants may expire worthless. 

As we have not yet selected any prospective business
opportunity, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction; however, it is likely that we will require additional
financing to effect a business opportunity. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
The current economic environment has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain such financing. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to effect a business opportunity, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business opportunity and seek an alternative business opportunity. If we are unable to effect a business opportunity,
our warrants may expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to effect a business opportunity, we may require
such financing to fund our operations or growth. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our
continued development or growth. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing. 

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest
in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Given that it controls a substantial interest
in us, our Sponsor may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but
requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment (which would include any public
warrants purchased by our sponsor or any of our officers or directors). 

Although our ability to amend the terms of the
public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could
be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

7 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our shares of Class A
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies,
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million
as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . To the extent
we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effect a business opportunity, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing a transaction. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company will we be required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further,
for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The development and maintenance of internal control to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to effect a business opportunity. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Only holders
of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote
on the election of directors. This may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interest
of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law,
which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may
discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

8 

Our certificate of incorporation provides,
subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder
litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation requires, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for
breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising
under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent
jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have
notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees,
which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. We
cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice
of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at
us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We will likely depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss or inability to effect a business opportunity. 

There may be tax consequences that may adversely
affect us. 

While we expect to undertake any business opportunity
so as to minimize taxes, a particular transaction could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. Additionally, depending on the
date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist
of personal holding company income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the
members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than
50 of our stock will be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of
a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a personal holding company following this offering or in the future.
If we are or were to become a personal holding company in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional personal holding
company tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

There may be uncertain or adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences. 

There may be uncertain U.S. federal income tax
consequences pertaining to certain transactions. For instance, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants
is unclear under current law. It is also unclear what impact the conversion rights with respect to our shares of Class A common stock
would have on a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the
sale or exchange of Class A common stock is long-term capital gain or loss and with respect to any dividends we may pay. Prospective
investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing
of our securities. 

9 

If we pursue a business opportunity outside
of the United States, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and effecting such business opportunity,
and if we effect such business opportunity, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a business opportunity outside of
the United States, we would be subject to risks associated with a variety of cross-border issues, including in connection with investigating,
agreeing to and effecting a business opportunity, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect a business opportunity outside of
the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future operations may be affected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to effect such business opportunity, or, if we do effect such business
opportunity, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If a change in management occurs, and new
management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Our management may resign from their positions
as officers or directors of the company and new management may take their place. New management may not be familiar with United States
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. 

10 

If we effect a business opportunity outside
of the United States, substantially all of our assets could be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue could
be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are ultimately located could affect our business. Economic growth
could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in
the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending
in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
and/or effect an attractive business opportunity. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause our ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we effect a business opportunity
outside of the United States, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our
net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of currencies
fluctuates and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of
such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any business opportunity and/or our financial condition
and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of a transaction,
the cost of a transaction as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may face risks related to consumer and
consumer-related products and services industries. 

Business opportunities within the consumer and
consumer-related products and services industries entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in effecting a business
opportunity with such industries, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

limitations on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trade secrets, that could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage; 

the high cost or unavailability of materials, equipment, supplies and personnel that could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis; 

an inability to attract and retain customers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

seasonality and weather conditions that may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter; 

an inability by us to successfully anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends and manage our product line and inventory commensurate with customer demand; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; 

dependence of our operations upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt our business; 

our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy; 

we may be subject to production-related risks which could jeopardize our ability to realize anticipated sales and profits; 

regulatory changes that impact our ability to import products or material inputs on a cost effective basis; 

changes in the retail industry and markets for consumer products affecting our customers or retailing practices could negatively impact customer relationships and our results of operations; and 

our business could involve the potential for product recalls, product liability and other claims against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact
on our operations. However, our efforts in identifying prospective businesses opportunities will not be limited to consumer and consumer-related products
and services industries. Accordingly, if we effect a business opportunity in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and
we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate, none of which can be presently ascertained.

11 

Our search for a business opportunity,
and any business or entity with which we ultimately consummate a transaction, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19. A significant outbreak
of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and the any potential business opportunities we may identify, and any transaction we may consummate, could be materially
and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to identify a potential business opportunity and/or complete a transaction
if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or other personnel,
and/or vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent
to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business opportunity will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of
time, our ability to identify a business opportunity, and/or consummate a transaction, or the operations of the business opportunity
for which we ultimately consummate a transaction, may be materially adversely affected. 

Failure to maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

As a public company, we are required to maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal control
over financial reporting is complex and may be revised over time to adapt to changes in our business, or changes in applicable accounting
rules. We cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future or that a material weakness
will not be discovered with respect to a prior period for which we had previously believed that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. Matters impacting our internal control over financial reporting may cause us to be unable to report our financial information
on a timely basis, or may cause us to restate previously issued financial information, and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences,
including sanctions or investigations by the SEC, or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements is also likely to suffer if we report a material weakness in the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us by, for example, leading to a decline in the price
of our shares/warrants and impairing our ability to attract a business opportunity and/or consummate a transaction. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and changes in the value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff expressed its
view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities instead of equity
on the SPAC s balance sheet. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants,
and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in our
statement of operations for each reporting period. 

As a result, included on our balance sheets as
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and contained elsewhere in this report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features
contained within our warrants. ASC 815-40 provides for the re-measurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet
date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of
operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly
based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash
gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to identify
a potential business opportunity and/ or negotiate and complete a transaction, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and
other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.
Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to identify a potential business
opportunity and/or negotiate and complete a transaction, and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules 2022 Proposed
Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating
companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the
use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of
certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely
affect our ability to engage financial and capital market advisors, identify a potential business opportunity and/or negotiate and complete
a transaction and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

12 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and
our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a transaction or conduct other business activities. 

If we are deemed to
be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to identify a potential business opportunity and/or negotiate
 and complete a transaction. 

In addition, we may
have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

independence,
 reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and
 regulations. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities for purposes of Section (3)(a)(1)(A) thereof and that
our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more
than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis for purposes of Section
(3)(a)(1)(C) thereof. Our business is to identify a potential business opportunity and complete a transaction. 

We do not believe that
our principal ongoing activities centered on identifying a potential business opportunity and completing a transaction, will subject
us to the Investment Company Act under the definition of investment company contained in Section (3)(a)(1)(A) thereof.
By having a business plan targeted at identifying a potential business opportunity and completing a transaction, we intend to avoid being
deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

However, we are aware of litigation against certain
entities asserting that, notwithstanding the foregoing, those entities should be considered investment companies and the SEC has suggested
in the 2022 Proposed Rules release that the extended period of investment of assets by similar such entities raise questions about their
status as investment companies under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be
imposed on the Company in connection with redemptions. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IRA was signed into federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax
on certain repurchases (including redemptions as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and
certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly traded non-U.S. corporations (each, a covered corporation ). Because our securities
are publicly trading in the over-the-counter, we may be deemed a covered corporation for this purpose. The excise tax is
imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is
generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the
excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market
value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department
of Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the
excise tax. The IRA applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Therefore, any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December
31, 2022 may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax would depend on a number of
factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and, (ii) the nature and amount of the equity, and (iii) the content of
regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company,
and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could
cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to identify a potential business opportunity and/or complete a transaction. 

We filed a Form 25 with the SEC which became
effective October 21, 2022, to voluntarily delist our common stock and public warrants from the NYSE and our securities are now available
for limited quotation in the over-the-counter market and it is expected that any trading will be limited and sporadic. 

Our delisting from the NYSE took effect on October
21, 2022; initially our shares of common stock and public warrants were trading on the NYSE and thereafter became eligible for quotation
on the Pink tier of OTC Markets Group, if market makers commit to making a market in the securities. We can provide no assurance that
trading in our securities will continue on the OTC Markets Group or otherwise. As a result of the delisting, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

13 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock , which will require
 brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly
 resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
 shares of common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Currently our securities are not eligible for
proprietary broker-dealer quotations. All quotes will reflect unsolicited customer orders and, as a result, we expect any trading to
involve a higher risk of wider spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations and a general illiquid trading environment. Proprietary
broker-dealer quotations may not commence until an initial review by a broker-dealer under the SEC s Rule 15c2-11 which would enable
brokers to publish competing quotes and provide continuous market making. No assurance can be provided that a liquid trading market will
develop even if market makers begin proprietary quotations and thus, we expect investors will experience difficulty in trading our securities. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because they have been delisted, our securities would not be covered securities and we would
be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. This state level regulation introduces additional compliance
requirements for brokers to consider making markets in our securities and will further negatively impact any trading liquidity in our
securities. 

We have identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of
internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results . 

As described elsewhere
in this Form 10-K, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s
interpretation and accounting for the extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation. As a result of the material weakness, our
management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. See Note 2-Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements to the accompanying financial statements, as well as Part II. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
included in this Form 10-K. We have taken a number of measures to remediate the material weakness described herein. However, if we are
unable to remediate our material weakness in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide
required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial
statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities
are quoted, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting
could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or
errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new
material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement
of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case,
we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline
as a result. We cannot assure you that any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 249 Royal Palm Way, Suite 503, Palm Beach, FL 33480. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee PMV
Consumer Delaware Management Partners LLC, an affiliate of our Sponsor, charges us for general and administrative services. We consider
our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current
operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our Class A common stock and warrants eligible
for quotation on the Pink Tier of the OTC Markets Group under the symbols PMVC and PMVC WS, respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023, there was 1 holder of record of our Class A common
stock, 1 holder of record of our Class B common stock, 1 holder of record of our Class C common stock, and 1 holders of record of our
warrants. This figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a transaction. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition subsequent
to the completion of a transaction. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a transaction will be within the discretion of our then
board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness
in connection with a transaction, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On March 20, 2020, the Sponsor purchased 3,593,750
shares of Class B convertible common stock, the Founder Shares , for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.007 per share. On August 3, 2020, the Company effected a 1.4-for-1 forward stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of Class
B convertible common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares being issued and outstanding. The Underwriters 
over-allotment option expired unutilized resulting in 656,250 shares of Founder Shares being forfeited. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, 1,175,000 and 4,375,000 Founder Shares, respectively, were issued and outstanding. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On September 24, 2020, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 17,500,000 Units, which did not include the full or partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option
to purchase an additional 2,625,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act
on registration statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-241670). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statements
effective on September 21, 2020. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,150,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant in a private placement
to PMV Consumer Acquisition Holdings Company, LLC, generating gross proceeds of 6,150,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are identical to the warrants
underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or saleable,
subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, 175,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was terminated following
the redemption of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption, which was completed on December 27, 2022, in accordance
with the provisions of our charter, and all cash and stock held therein was released to holders of Class A IPO Shares in complete liquidation
of the assets held in trust. 

We paid a total of 3,500,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 332,390 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering, net of a 175,000 credit paid
by the Underwriter. 

15 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K, words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to
us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of
management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could
differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with
the SEC. 

The following discussion and analysis of the
Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and
the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those
set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a shell company formed under the laws
of the State of Delaware on March 18, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective business
opportunity will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we are currently focusing our search for a
business opportunity in the consumer industry. We intend to effectuate a business opportunity using cash from the proceeds of the IPO
and the sale of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our stock
in a transaction: 

may
 significantly reduce the equity interest of our stockholders; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred
 stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; 

will
 likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are
 issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry
 forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present
 officers and directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a transaction are insufficient
 to pay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest
 payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of
 certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or
 renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; and 

our
 inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. 

16 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for the IPO, described below, and searching for a business opportunity for which to complete transaction. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of a transaction. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
marketable securities held after the IPO. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 8,622,353, which consists of the change in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 9,388,845, forgiveness
of debt of 309,312, loss on Class B shares transferred into Trust of 990,000 and interest income on marketable securities held in the
trust account of 1,161,232, offset by general and administrative expenses of 1,031,318, franchise tax expense of 30,526 and provision
for income taxes of 185,192. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had
a net income of 5,034,465, which consists of the change in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 5,660,155 and interest
income on marketable securities held in the trust account of 68,652, offset by general and administrative expenses of 494,342 and franchise
tax expense of 200,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 24, 2020, we consummated the IPO
of 17,500,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
IPO, we consummated the sale of 6,150,000 Private Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds
of 6,150,000. 

Following the IPO and the sale of the Private
Warrants, a total of 175,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 9,957,390 in offering costs, consisting of 3,500,000
of underwriting fees, 6,125,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 507,390 of other offering costs, of which 175,000 was offset with
a credit paid by the Underwriter. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Trust Account was
fully redeemed. Prior to the full redemption of the Trust Account, interest income on the balance in the Trust Account had been used by
us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, 723,496 of interest earned was withdrawn to pay taxes for the Company and 175,546,898 of
the Trust Account was redeemed in connection with the redemptions of the Class A convertible IPO shares. 

To the extent that our capital stock or debt
is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a transaction, the remaining cash will be used as working capital to finance
operations, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,149,157.
We intend to use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate potential business opportunities, perform business due diligence on prospective
business opportunities, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations associated with prospective business opportunities,
review corporate documents and material agreements related to business opportunities, and structure, negotiate and complete a transaction. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 1,129,260. Net income of 8,622,353 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the
Trust Account of 1,161,232, a change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 9,388,845, loss on Class B shares transferred
into Trust of 990,000, forgiveness of debt of 309,312 and net increase of changes in operating assets and liabilities of 117,777. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 1,129,259. Net income of 8,622,353 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,161,232,
a change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 9,388,845, loss on Class B shares transferred into Trust of 990,000, forgiveness
of debt of 309,312 and net increase of changes in operating assets and liabilities of 117,777. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business opportunity, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a transaction, we would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that a transaction does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital to repay such loaned amounts. Up
to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the
option of the lender. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to
meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a business opportunity,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a transaction are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to a transaction. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete a transaction,
in which case we may issue additional equity securities or incur debt in connection with such transaction. In addition, following a transaction,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on September 24,
2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly for the foreseeable future. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per Unit, or 6,125,000. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that we fail to complete
a Business Combination within the required time period, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On August 22, 2022, UBS agreed to waive its entitlement
to the deferred underwriting commission of 4,593,750 to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company's Initial Public Offering,
subject to the consummation of a transaction. Thereafter, on December 27, 2022, in accordance with the provisions of its charter, the
Company announced the completion of the redemption of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption (the "Class
A IPO Shares"). Following the completion of the redemption of the Class A IPO Shares, the IPO Trust Account was terminated in complete
liquidation of the assets held in trust, and the relevant provisions of the Company's charter, including with respect to any business
combination and the IPO Trust Account, were extinguished and are of no further legal force and effect. As a result, the Company derecognized
the entire deferred underwriting fee payable of 6,125,000 and recorded 5,815,688 of the forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee
allocated to Public Shares to accumulated earnings (deficit) and the remaining balance of 309,312 was as a gain from extinguishment of
liability allocated to warrant liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable is 0 and 6,125,000,
respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liability 

We account for the warrants issued in connection
with our IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants
to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any
change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. 

18 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. 

Conditionally redeemable common stock (including
common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. Changes in redemption value are reflected in additional
paid in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders 
equity. 

Our Class A common stock featured certain redemption
rights that were considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December
31, 2022 and 2021, 0 and 17,500,000 Class A common shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income per Common Share 

Net income per common share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company has not considered the effect
of warrants to purchase 14,900,000 shares of Class A common stock that were sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement
in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the average market price of the Company s Class A common stock for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was below the Warrants 11.50 exercise price. As a result, diluted income per common share is the same
as basic income per common share for the period presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for
certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion
features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts
in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments
that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including
the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be
applied on a full or modified retrospective basis. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022. Adoption of the ASU 2020-06 did
not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Through December 31, 2022, our efforts were limited
to organizational activities, activities relating to our initial public offering and, since the initial public offering, the search for
a business opportunity for which to consummate a transaction. We have engaged in limited operations and have not generated any revenues.
We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on March 18, 2020. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities
with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held
in the Trust Account were invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there was no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 16 of
this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

19 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Co-Principal Executive Officers and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) were not effective because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment
of a significant contingent obligation was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria,
management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our officers and directors are
as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers 

Marc Gabelli 
 
 54 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Robert LaPenta, Jr. 
 
 54 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Joseph A. Gabelli 
 
 39 
 
 Co-President 
 
 Timothy Foufas 
 
 54 
 
 Co-President 
 
 Nathan G. Miller 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John N. Givissis 
 
 58 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Non-Executive Officers 

Pei-Yu Sandra Yu 
 
 53 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jeffrey M. Illustrato 
 
 39 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 Manjit S. Kalha 
 
 47 
 
 Executive Vice President, Finance 
 
 Directors 

Clarence A. Davis 
 
 80 
 
 Director (Independent) 
 
 Susan V. Watson 
 
 70 
 
 Director (Independent) 
 
 Daniel E. Zucchi 
 
 81 
 
 Director (Independent) 
 
 P. Kasper Jakobsen 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Marc Gabelli has served as Chairman
of the Board of Directors and Co-Chief Executive Officer since August 2022. Mr. Gabelli is the President of GGCP, Inc. the parent company
of Associated Capital Group, Inc. (NYSE: AC), which formed the Company s sponsor, PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding Company, LLC.
Mr. Gabelli served as President of AC from its formation until November 2016 and has served as a director since May 2017. Mr. Gabelli
also served as a director of GAMCO Investors, Inc. from November 2014 until May 2016. Mr. Gabelli has served as President of GGCP since
1999 and as a director since 1994. Mr. Gabelli has been Chairman of Teton Advisers, Inc. (OTC:TETA) since January 2018 and LGL Group,
Inc. (NYSE American: LGL) since 2017, and Chair of Gabelli Merger Plus+ Trust PLC (LSE: GMP) since 2017. Mr. Gabelli also has been Co-Chief
Executive Officer of Gabelli Securities International Ltd. since 1994, Managing Partner of Horizon Research of New Delhi India since
2012, and Director and Managing Partner of Swiss based GGCP and GAMA Funds Holdings GmbH since 2010. He also has been Chair and Chief
Executive of Gabelli Partners Italia S.r.L. and Gabelli Value for Italy S.p.A., a Milan stock exchange listed special purpose acquisition
corporation, since 2018. Mr. Gabelli served as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and as a director of LGL Systems Acquisition Corp. LGL
SPAC ), a special purpose acquisition corporation listed on the NYSE, from September 2019 until August 2021 (the close of LGL SPAC s
business combination with IronNet, Inc.). As a fund manager since 1990, Mr. Gabelli s focus is global value investments with portfolio
assignments including alternative and traditional asset management. He manages alternative investment portfolios and investment companies
trading on the London Stock Exchange. He has managed several Morningstar five star mutual funds and a Lipper #1 ranked global equity
mutual fund. In corporate matters, he has assisted on group restructurings, including GAMCO s initial public offering and the subsequent
formation of AC. He built the hedge fund platform of AC s wholly-owned subsidiary, Gabelli Partners, LLC, and expanded the
business internationally, opening the GAMCO London and Tokyo offices. In 2001, he also formed and served as General Partner of OpNet
Partners, a Gabelli venture capital fund focused on optical networking technologies. He is also a Director of LICT Corporation (OTC:
LICT). Mr. Gabelli is active in a variety of charitable educational efforts in the United States, Europe and the United Kingdom. Mr.
Gabelli began his career in equity research and arbitrage for Lehman Brothers International. He is a member of the New York Society of
Security Analysts. He received an M.B.A. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is a graduate of Harvard University, with
a Master s degree in Government, and Boston College, with a Bachelor s degree in economics. Mr. Gabelli brings to the Board
his management skills and expertise in finance, investment and merger and acquisition matters. 

Robert Rob LaPenta has
served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer since August 2022. Mr. LaPenta has an extensive career spanning over 30 years in finance, accounting,
consulting, capital markets origination, equity trading, asset allocation and mergers and acquisitions and has been active in transaction
sourcing, processing and execution. Mr. LaPenta began his career as a Senior Associate at Coopers Lybrand as a CPA responsible
for managing audits, consulting, M A due diligence and special project engagements for multiple clients in various industries. Mr.
LaPenta transitioned full time into the investment banking sector spending the next 13 years focused on trading and capital market activities
culminating in the role of Managing Director and Co-head of Equity Trading at Bank of America Securities, LLC where he managed the firm's
equity capital commitment, proprietary trading, secondary offerings and risk management within cash trading. In 2007, Mr. LaPenta joined
L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. as Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions and Corporate Strategy. Mr. LaPenta managed the firms M A
processes from sourcing, structuring, valuation, diligence and financing of multiple transactions with the most notable being the negotiation
of the 1.6 billion sale of L-1 to Safran and BAE Systems. Following the sale of L-1, Mr. LaPenta became a Partner of Aston Capital an
alternative asset management firm of the LaPenta family office and co-founded the Boundary Group, an investment partnership focused on
private investments in the aerospace, defense, and intelligence markets. Mr. LaPenta has previously served on the boards of directors
of Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. (until 2016), an LED lighting and control solutions company, TherapeuticsMD (Nasdaq: TXMD),
a women's healthcare product provider, The Radiant Group, a provider of geospatial analytics to the U.S Intelligence community (now part
of Nasdaq: MAXR), AFIX Technologies, a provider of biometric solutions for governments and civil agencies, is currently a board member
of LGL Group, Inc. (NYSE American: LGL), a board observer of ARKA, a provider of satellite data processing and related critical technologies
to the U.S. Government and Intelligence Agencies and sits as an Audit Committee member for St. David's School New York City. Mr. LaPenta
is also a member of the board of directors of IronNet, Inc., a global leader in cybersecurity, since August 2021. Prior to that, he served
as Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of LGL SPAC from March 2021 to August 2021 (the close of LGL SPAC s business
combination with IronNet, Inc.), and from September 2019 to March 2021 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. LaPenta
graduated from Boston College with a Bachelor's degree in Accounting and Finance and has been a registered CPA (inactive) in the State
of New York. 

21 

Timothy Foufas has served as our Co-President since
August 2022. He has served as the Managing Partner of Plato Foufas Co., LLC, a financial services company, since 2005. Mr. Foufas
served as Chief Executive Officer for LGL SPAC from September 2019 to September 2019, and as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
from September 2019 to August 2021 (the close of LGL SPAC s business combination with IronNet, Inc.). In addition, Mr. Foufas served
as President of Levalon Properties, LLC, a real estate property management company, from 2007 to June 2018. Previously, Mr. Foufas served
as Senior Vice President of Bayshore Management Co., LLC, a real estate property management company, from 2005 to 2006. Prior to joining
Bayshore Management Co., LLC, he was the Director of Investments at Liam Ventures Inc., a private equity investment firm, from 2000 to
2005. Mr. Foufas has also served on the Board of Directors for LGL Group, Inc. (NYSE American: LGL), a leader in the design and manufacture
of customized electronic components used primarily to control the frequency or timing of electronic signals in communication systems,
since 2007. 

Joseph A. Gabelli has served as
our Co-President since September 2022 and prior to that as our President since our inception. Mr. J. Gabelli is a portfolio manager and
equity research analyst at GAMCO Investors with specialization in the consumer sector. He serves as a portfolio manager within the Gabelli
small and micro investment team, responsible for the management of investments below 500 million of capitalization. From 2008 until
June 2017, Mr. J. Gabelli served as an equity research analyst covering the global food and beverage industry within the Gabelli organization s
consumer sector platform. He began his investment career at Integrity Capital Management, a Boston-based equity hedge fund, where he
focused on researching small and micro-cap companies in the technology, healthcare and consumer discretionary sectors. He previously
served as a data strategy consultant for an early-stage media and marketing analytics firm, beginning in July 2017. From 2018, Mr. J.
Gabelli has been a part of the team responsible for the 594 million Teton Westwood Mighty Mites portfolio, as of June 30, 2020, reporting
directly to Mario Gabelli, the Chief Investment Officer. 

Nathan G. Miller has served as
our Chief Financial Officer since August 2022. Mr. Miller has worked in institutional investment management for more than 20 years
and has served as a partner and portfolio manager at Emles Advisors LLC, an asset manager founded in 2018, since 2020. In 2012, Mr.
Miller launched NGM Asset Management to combine passive, positive carry, high quality securities with opportunistic active
management, and has served as its Chief Investment Officer since 2012. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. Miller managed an equity long/short
portfolio at Citadel Investment Group in New York. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Miller was Co-Head of Equity Long/Short Desk at RBC
Capital Markets, with a focus on Industrials and Cyclicals. He also oversaw risk management and the structure of eleven different
investment teams across all sectors for the 2 billion fund. From 2003 to 2009, Mr. Miller served as an Aerospace Defense,
Industrials Cyclicals and Multi-Industry analyst at SAC Capital, where he managed a carve-out of a larger 1 billion
Industrials portfolio. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Miller served as a home-building, building materials and retail analyst for Goldman
Sachs. Mr. Miller graduated from The Johns Hopkins University with a Bachelor s degree in Biomedical Engineering and
Electrical Computer Engineering, a Bachelor s degree in Economics and a Minor in Entrepreneurship Management. 

John N. Givissis has served as
our Chief Accounting Officer since our inception. Mr. Givissis serves as chief financial officer of Gabelli Partners where he oversees
accounting and financial reporting for clients invested in its hedge funds and alternative investment offerings, a position he has held
since 2006. Prior to joining Gabelli Partners, he was the financial and operations principal of Garban Giorgio Equity Trading (formerly
a division of ICAP), an institutional brokerage firm, and controller at Gerard Klauer Mattison Co., Inc., a boutique investment
banking firm. Mr. Givissis began his career in public accounting at Weidenbaum Ryder Company, a regional tax and audit firm. Mr.
Givissis is a Licensed Certified Public Accountant (Inactive) in New York State and earned his B.S. in Accountancy and Economics from
St. Peter s College. 

22 

Pei-Yu Sandra Yu has
served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since our inception. She became an independent non-executive director
of A2 Milk Company as of March 1, 2022. She is the former president of Mead Johnson Nutrition for Greater China and worked alongside
our Chairman Kasper Jakobsen. During Mead s integration into its acquirer Reckitt Benckiser, she was named chief advisor to establish
Reckitt s China advisory board. Prior thereto, Ms. Yu served as acting chief marketing officer and vice president of global marketing
during Mead s initial public offering following its separation from Bristol Myers Squibb. She also was employed as vice president
of regional marketing for Asia. She began her career at Unilever and served as vice president of skin care Asia and as a marketing director
for home and personal care. She is also a former chair of the Pediatric Nutrition Industry Association. She has over 25 years 
experience in the industry. Her career successes were focused on global brand management, corporate governance, and business transformations.
She received an MBA in marketing and a Bachelor of International Business Management from National Taiwan University. She is also an
alumnus of Harvard s Advanced Management Program. 

Jeffrey M. Illustrato has served
as our Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since our inception. Mr. Illustrato serves as chief operating officer of
Gabelli Partners, LLC, an alternative investment manager, overseeing sales and marketing for its alternative and non-U.S. offerings
since 2012. He has spent his entire 20-year career with Gabelli and has developed extensive administration and operations experience
during that time. Mr. Illustrato received a B.S. in Finance from Fairfield University. 

Manjit S. Kalha has been appointed
as our Executive Vice President, Finance in connection with our initial public offering. Mr. Kalha has served as a Vice President at Teton
Advisors, Inc. (OTC Pink: TETAA) Since January 2022. Mr. Kalha has been a member of the board of directors of The LGL Group, Inc. since
2011. Mr. Kalha is chief executive officer of Jeet Associates Private Limited, a consulting firm based in New Delhi, India, that provides
business strategy, finance, and taxation advisory services. He holds the role of managing partner with Horizon Research, a firm that provides
investment management and consulting services. Between 2001 and 2006, Mr. Kalha was co-founder and chief operating officer of a manufacturer
of high quality specialty plastic components. He began his career in Arthur Andersen s New Delhi office and is a Chartered Accountant
and a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Mr. Kalha holds a MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Sloan School of Management. Mr. Kalha has extensive experience in management and manufacturing operations, and in depth knowledge of global
financial markets. 

Clarence A. Davis has served as
a member of our Board of Directors since September 2020. Mr. Davis served as the chief executive officer of Nestor, Inc. until January
2009 and a director of the company until it went into receivership in June 2009. Mr. Davis is currently a director and a member of the
audit committee of Telephone Data Systems, Inc. (NYSE:TDS) He is also a director of three funds advised by Gabelli Funds The
GDL Fund, The Gabelli ESG Fund and The Gabelli Capital Asset Fund, and is a member of the audit committee of The GDL Fund and The Gabelli
ESG Fund. He formerly served as the chief operating officer and chief financial officer of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Mr. Davis has served as an audit committee member and director of Oneida Ltd., Pennichuck Corp., and Sonesta International
Hotels Corp. Mr. Davis founded Clarence A. Davis Enterprises, Inc., which provided financial and organizational consulting, due diligence
for acquisitions, and forensic accounting for various industries for eight years. Mr. Davis is a certified public accountant and was
a senior audit partner for twelve years, during a career of twenty-three years in public accounting, for Spicer Oppenheim. He is
a former chairman of the Accountants for Public Interest/Support Center of New York and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Minority Recruitment Committee. Mr. Davis was appointed to the American Red Cross Liberty Fund and September 11 Recovery Oversight Commission,
the New York State Board of Public Accountancy, and the Future Issues Committee of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
He has served as a consultant for the American Red Cross National Office. Mr. Davis was also a faculty member of the Long Island University
Brooklyn Center, the New York Institute of Finance, and the Foundation for Accounting Education. Mr. Davis received his Bachelor s
degree in Accounting from Long Island University. We believe Mr. Davis is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his
business and board experience, contacts and relationships. 

Susan V. Watson has served as a
member of our Board of Directors since September 2020. She is an experienced business executive with diverse experience in multiple industries.
Most recently, she was a member of the research team for Spencer Stuart s global executive search practice, specializing in placement
of board of directors members. She is also a current director of the Gabelli Dividend Income Trust. Ms. Watson has worked as an
independent marketing consultant and as an investor relations executive for companies including MCI, Inc.; Interpublic Group; PepsiCo,
Inc.; Nielsen Media Research; and Gannett Co. Her other experience includes roles as a senior media analyst at Morgan Stanley Co;
vice president (financial relations) at Metromedia, Inc.; senior media analyst and assistant vice president at EF Hutton Co.; and
vice president (research) at Scudder, Stevens Clark. Ms. Watson is a member of the CFA Institute and a past president of the Investor
Relations Association. She received her Bachelor s degree from the University of Southern California and Master of Arts from City
College of New York. She has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since 1980. We believe Ms. Watson is qualified to serve on our board
of directors due to her business and board experience, contacts and relationships. 

23 

Daniel E. Zucchi has served
as a member of our Board of Directors since September 2020. He is president of Zucchi Assoc., a marketing and communications consulting
firm. He is also a director of three funds advised by Gabelli Funds The Gabelli Multimedia Trust, the Gabelli Gold Fund and the
Gabelli Capital Asset Fund. Mr. Zucchi served as a board member and an investor in Anduro Holdings Inc., a manufacturer of consumer packaging.
He served as a board member and was one of the initial investors in Cypress Care LLC, a pharmacy benefit management company. In addition,
Mr. Zucchi was a senior executive at Time Warner and the Hearst Corporation for over thirty years. In the public sector, Mr. Zucchi has
served as a locally-elected government official, most recently as a member of the Westchester County Executive s task force. Mr.
Zucchi is a graduate of the University of Connecticut, Storrs and attended the Harvard Asian American Alumni Alliance program during
his tenure at Time Warner. We believe Mr. Zucchi is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business and board experience,
contacts and relationships. 

P. Kasper Jakobsen has served as
a member of our Board of Directors since September 2020 and previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from our inception until
September 2022. Mr. Jakobsen previously served as chief executive officer and president of Mead Johnson Nutrition, a global consumer
company focused on infant and child nutrition, from 2013 until leading its sale to Reckitt Benkiser PLC in 2017. He was a Mead teammate
for 19 years after previously serving for 8 years in various marketing roles at Unilever N.V., one of the largest and oldest global consumer
goods businesses, and has served as a director of SC Johnson, a leading U.S. based manufacturer of household cleaning products and products
for home storage, air care, pest control and shoe care, as well as professional products. Mr. Jakobsen holds a bachelor s degree
in commerce from Auckland University in New Zealand. We believe Mr. Jakobsen is qualified to serve on our board of directors
due to his business experience and contacts and relationships. 

Number and terms of office of officers
and directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members
and is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Daniel E. Zucchi, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the
second class of directors, consisting of Clarence A. Davis and Susan V. Watson, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of P. Kasper Jakobsen and Marc Gabelli, will expire at our third annual
meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board
of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint such officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Director
Independence 

An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship,
which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that Clarence A. Davis, Susan V. Watson and Daniel E. Zucchi
are independent directors. Our independent directors hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions will be on
terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated
transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have three standing committees: an
audit committee, a nominating committee, and a compensation committee. Each such committee is composed of solely independent directors. 

In addition, our board of directors approved
the formation of an advisory committee to be comprised of individuals who will assist management and the board in all aspects of our
operations, including activities aimed at identifying a potential business opportunity and effecting a transaction. 

24 

Audit Committee 

Effective September 21, 2020, we established
an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Clarence A. Davis, Susan V. Watson and Daniel E. Zucchi, each of whom
is an independent director. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are
not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements,
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included
 in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments
 made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor,
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution
 of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting)
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; and 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
our audit committee held five meetings. Each of our audit committee members attended such meeting. 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The board of directors has determined
that Mr. Clarence A. Davis qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of
the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

Effective September 21, 2020, we established
a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Clarence A. Davis, Susan V. Watson and Daniel E. Zucchi, each of
whom is an independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our
board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers
and others. 

During the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, our nominating committee did not hold any meetings. 

25 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees,
which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide for the assessment of the following criteria: 

Whether
 the candidate is independent. 

Whether
 the candidate is accomplished in his or her field and has a reputation, both personal and
 professional, that is consistent with the image and reputation of the Company. 

Whether the candidate is
 financially literate, i.e. has the ability to read and understand basic financial statements. The Nominating Committee also will
 determine if a candidate has accounting or related financial management expertise and/or satisfies the criteria for being an audit
 committee financial expert, as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Whether the candidate has
 relevant experience and expertise and would be able to provide insights and practical wisdom based upon that experience and expertise. 

Whether the candidate has
 knowledge of the Company and issues affecting the Company. 

Whether the candidate is
 committed to enhancing stockholder value. 

Whether the candidate fully
 understands, or has the capacity to fully understand, the legal responsibilities of a director and the governance processes of a
 public company. 

Whether the candidate is
 of high moral and ethical character and would be willing to apply sound, objective, and independent business judgment, and to assume
 broad fiduciary responsibility. 

Whether the candidate has,
 and would be willing to commit, the required hours necessary to discharge the duties of Board membership. 

Whether the candidate has
 any prohibitive interlocking relationships or conflicts of interest. 

Whether the candidate is
 able to develop a good working relationship with other Board members and contribute to the Board s working relationship with
 the senior management of the Company. 

Whether the candidate is
 able to suggest business opportunities to the Company. 

The Nominating Committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity, and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by stockholders and other persons. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend
nominees to our board of directors. 

26 

Compensation Committee 

Effective September 21, 2020, we established
a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Clarence A. Davis, Susan V. Watson and Daniel E. Zucchi, each of
whom is an independent director. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our co-chief executive officers compensation,
 evaluating our co-chief executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our co-chief executive officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated below,
other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees,
will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any
services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a transaction. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of a transaction, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such transaction. 

During the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, our compensation committee did not hold any meetings. 

Advisory Committee 

On September 21, 2020, our board of directors
approved the formation of an advisory committee to be comprised of individuals who will assist management and the board in all aspects
of our operations including activities aimed at identifying a potential business opportunity and effecting a transaction. 

Code of Ethics 

Effective September 21, 2020, we adopted
a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and
ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We will provide, without charge, upon request, copies of our code of ethics.
Requests for copies of our code of ethics should be sent in writing to our executive office. 

27 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

No executive officer has received any
cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay PMV Consumer Delaware Management Partners LLC, an affiliate of our Sponsor, an
aggregate fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement
is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. 

Other than the 10,000 per month administrative
fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our Sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates
in connection with the consummation of a transaction and the repayment of loans that may be made by our Sponsor to us, no compensation
or fees of any kind, including finder s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, initial stockholders,
special advisors, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with
the consummation of a transaction (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential business opportunities,
performing business due diligence on suitable business opportunities and transactions as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants
or similar locations related to of prospective business opportunities to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of
out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

After the completion of a transaction, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the company with any and all amounts
being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. However,
the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting, if any, held to consider a transaction, as it
will be up to the directors of the post-combination business, if any, to determine executive and director compensation. In this
event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or a periodic
report, as required by the SEC. 

Since our formation, we have not granted
any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive officers or
directors. 

28 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 common stock; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe
that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned
by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered in the IPO
or the Private Warrants as they are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. 

Amount and 

Approximate 

Nature of 

Percentage of 

Beneficial 

Outstanding 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Ownership 

Shares 

PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding
 Company, LLC 

4,379,200 
 (3) 

100 

PMV Consumer Delaware Management Partners, LLC 

4,379,200 
 (3) 

100 

All directors and executive officers as a group (ten
 individuals) 

4,379,200 
 (4) 

100 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
 the business address of each of the individuals is 249 Royal Palm Way, Suite 503, Palm Beach, FL 33480. 

(2) 
 The address of GAMCO Investors,
 Inc. GBL is 401 Theodore Fremd Avenue, Rye, NY 10580 

(3) 
 Interests
 shown consist of shares of Class A common stock, Class B convertible common stock, and Class C common stock. Represents shares
 held by our Sponsor, of which PMVC Delaware Management Partners, LLC is the manager. PMVC Delaware Management Partners, LLC is managed
 by a management board consisting of Marc Gabelli, Robert LaPenta, Jr., Nathan G. Miller, P. Kasper Jakobsen and Gabelli Investment
 Partners International LLC, with authority to approve actions of our Sponsor. Each management board member has one vote, and the
 approval of three of the five board members is required for approval of an action of the Sponsor. Under the so-called rule
 of three , if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals,
 and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed
 a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. Based on the foregoing, no individual management board member exercises voting
 or dipositive control over any of the securities held by our Sponsor, even those in which he directly owns a pecuniary interest.
 Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such securities. 

(4) 
 Certain of our officers
 and directors, including all of our executive officers, and entities associated with them, hold equity interests in our Sponsor. 

Equity Compensation
Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021,
we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized
for issuance. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

For a complete discussion regarding certain
relationships and related transactions, see the section titled Certain Transactions contained in our prospectus dated September
21, 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 

29 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES. 

The firm of
WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid
or to be paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods,
and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 75,920 and 40,870, respectively. The
above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Withum for audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees .
We did not pay Withum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other
Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed in connection
with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act, which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). 

30 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-20 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

We hereby file as part of this Report
the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at
the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material
can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or
on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Share Certificate. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form
 of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s initial stockholders, officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101). 

Incorporated by reference
 to the Registrant s Current Report Form S-1 filed on August 6, 2020. (SEC File No. 333-241670). 

Incorporated by reference
 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 17, 2020 (SEC File Nos. 333-241670). 

Incorporated by reference
 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Marc Gabelli 

Name: 
 Marc Gabelli 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert
 LaPenta, Jr. 

Name: 
 Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John N.
 Givissis 

Name: 
 John N. Givissis 

Title: 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Marc Gabelli 
 
 Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31,
2023 
 
 Marc Gabelli 
 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert LaPenta,
Jr. 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert LaPenta, Jr. 
 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Joseph A.
Gabelli 
 
 Co-President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph A. Gabelli 

/s/ Timothy Foufas 
 
 Co-President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Timothy Foufas 

/s/ Nathan G.
Miller 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Nathan G. Miller 

/s/ John N. Givissis 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John N. Givissis 
 
 (Principal accounting and financial officer) 

/s/ Clarence A.
Davis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Clarence A. Davis 

/s/ Susan V. Watson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Susan V. Watson 

/s/ Daniel E.
Zucchi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel E. Zucchi 

/s/ P. Kasper
Jakobsen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 P. Kasper Jakobsen 

32 

PMV
CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of the Matter Restatement of Interim Financial
Statements 

As disclosed in Note 2 of the financial statements, the unaudited interim
financial statements as of and for the period ended September 30, 2022 have been restated. The Company previously accounted for its deferred
underwriting fee waiver as a forgiveness of debt and recorded a gain on its statements of operations. Management has since re-evaluated
its accounting treatment for the forgiveness and has determined that the forgiveness should have been treated as a credit to stockholders 
deficit. This matter is described in more detail in Note 2 of the financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Class A convertible common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A convertible common stock, par value; shares authorized; and no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B convertible common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class C common stock, par value; shares authorized; and no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Special common stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

() 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Fair value adjustment on derivative warrant liabilities 

Loss on Class B shares transferred into Trust Account 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Other income (expense) 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class B convertible common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B convertible common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class C common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class C common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
AND 2021 

Class A 
 Class B Convertible 
 Class C 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in 
Capital 
 
(Deficit) 
 Equity 
(Deficit) 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Contribution of Class B founder shares 
 to Trust Account (Note 1) 

Conversion of Class B founders shares into Class A shares 

Class C issued at redemption 

Class B founder shares converted 
 to Class C 

Remeasurement adjustment to amount subject to possible
 redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Loss on Class B shares transferred into Trust Account 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from trust account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from trust account to redeem investors 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of Class A common stock 

Proceeds from conversion of Class A shares 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of year 

Cash End of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable allocated to Class A common stock 

Contribution of Class B common stock to the Trust Account 

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class C common stock 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

PMV CONSUMER
ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in
the Units Sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in
Note 4. 

warrants (the Private Warrants at a price
of per Private Warrant in a private placement to PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding Company, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs, of which 
was offset with a credit paid by the Underwriter. 

The Company s management had broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net
proceeds of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds
were intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. 

of net tangible
book value prior to or upon consummation of a business combination, and (ii) revising paragraph I of Article Sixth of the charter to
permit prior to a business combination the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into common stock or the issuance
of securities which vote as a class with the common stock on any manner by eliminating the restrictions on such issuance from paragraph
I. 

F- 7 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (CONT.) 

shares of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class C common
stock) into the Company s Trust account, to increase authorized stock from to shares, of which 
shall be shares of common stock, consisting of shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock,
 shares of Class C common stock and shares of special common stock, and shall be shares of preferred
stock; to permit the Company s board of directors to create special common stock in one or more series and to fix for each series
the voting powers, designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof; to provide for (i) the right
of a holder of Class A common stock to convert into Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis, (ii) the right of the Company to redeem
Class A common stock in exchange for a pro rata share of the net cash (and not stock) held in the Company s Trust Account, unless
the holder elects to receive Class C common stock issued on a one-for-one basis, plus a pro rata share of any stock held in the Trust
Account, and (iii) upon such redemption the extinguishment of the legal force and effect of the business combination and Trust Account
provisions contained in paragraphs A through I of Article Sixth of the charter; to (i) eliminate the Class B common stock anti-dilution
provisions that require adjustment to maintain the specified class ownership, and (ii) provide for the right of a holder of Class
B common stock to convert into Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis. All such amendments were approved at the Meeting. On September
27, 2022, the Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making a deposit into the Company s Trust Account of an aggregate
of shares of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class C common stock) to extend the date by which the Company has to
consummate a business combination for one year, from September 21, 2022 to September 21, 2023. 

shares of its Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock. Following the conversion, the Sponsor owned
 shares of Class B common stock, and the Company had shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 

shares issued
in its IPO (the Cass A IPO Shares ), in accordance with the provision of its charter. Holders representing a total of 
shares of the Class A IPO Shares called for redemption elected to receive a pro rata share of the cash, including the interest earned
thereon net of interest that may be used by the Company to pay its taxes payable (and not any stock), held in the Company s Trust
Account. The per share pro rata amount was calculated by dividing the number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from each such holder
by the total number of outstanding Class A IPO Shares. Holders representing a total of shares of the Class A IPO Shares called
for redemption elected to receive Class C common stock issued on a one-for-one basis for the number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from
each such holder, plus each such holder s pro rata share of the shares of Class C common stock held in the IPO Trust Account.
The pro rata share of the Class C common stock held in the Trust Account was calculated by dividing the number of Class A IPO Shares
redeemed from each such holder by the total number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from all holders of Class A IPO Shares that elected
to receive stock. The amount of cash that would otherwise have been paid to holders who redeemed for cash (totaling approximately was released from the Trust Account and transferred to the Company. The Trust Account was terminated following the release of the cash
and stock to holders of Class A IPO Shares in complete liquidation of the assets held in trust. The shares of Class A common
stock owned by the Sponsor, were not redeemed and were expressly excluded from participating in, and were not otherwise entitled to,
any of the cash and stock held in the Trust Account. The Class A IPO Shares redeemed are no longer deemed to be outstanding and all rights
of the holders thereof as stockholders of the Company with respect to the Class A IPO Shares so redeemed have ceased. The Class C common
stock received by holders who elected to receive stock has not been listed on a securities exchange. 

F- 8 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

to which it became
entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public Offering, subject to the consummation of a business combination. The Company
recognized the waiver as an extinguishment, with a resulting non-operating gain recognized in its statements of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2022. Upon subsequent review and analysis, management concluded that the Company should have
recognized the extinguishment of the contingent liability as a credit to stockholders deficit. Therefore, the Company s management
and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Audit Committee concluded that the Company s
previously issued unaudited interim financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 (the Quarterly
Report should no longer be relied upon and that it is appropriate to restate the Quarterly Report. As such, the Company will restate
its financial statements as of September 30, 2022, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on
November 14, 2022 (the Original Filing in this annual report on the Company s 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 (the Annual Report ). 

Other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Net Income 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares

Other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Net Income 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares

-

-

Contribution of Class B founder shares to Trust Account (Note 1) 
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Remeasurement adjustment to amount subject to possible redemption 

-
 
 -

Balance September 30, 2022 (Unaudited) 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 

Supplemental
disclosure of noncash activities: 

Forgiveness of deferred underwriting fee payable 
 -

F- 9 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 10 

PMV
 CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (CONT.) 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of
the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A shares offering costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Proxy redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Plus: 

Waiver of Class A issuance costs 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

(consisting of 
of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs, net of a credit paid by
the Underwriter) were allocated as follows: in offering costs was charged to expense and was charged to temporary
equity. 

F- 11 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (CONT.) 

shares of Class A common stock that were sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement
in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and average market
price of the Company s Class A common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was below the Warrants 
exercise price. As a result, diluted income per common share is the same as basic income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share of common stock 

. 

F- 12 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

Units at per Unit. 

Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of . Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price
of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). The proceeds from the Private Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering and were held in the Trust Account. 

shares of Class B convertible common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of ,
or approximately per share. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, Founder Shares shall be deemed
to include the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof. On August 3, 2020, 

Founder Shares were forfeited on November 5, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the issued
and outstanding shares of Class B convertible common stock is and shares, respectively. 

F- 13 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 (CONT.) 

shares
of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class C common stock) to extend the date by which the Company had to consummate a business
combination for one year, from September 21, 2022 to September 21, 2023. Following the contribution, the Sponsor owned shares
of Class B common stock. 

shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock. Following the conversion, the Sponsor owned 
shares of Class B common stock. 

Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B convertible
common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant
to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 16, 2021,
(ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering, or (iii) the date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Initial
Public Offering. On October 13, 2020, the balance of was repaid in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding
balance under this promissory note. 

per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
incurred fees for these services of and respectively. Administrative support fees included in accrued expenses in
the accompanying balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. 

of the notes
may be converted upon consummation of a transaction into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to
the Private Warrants. In the event that a transaction does not close, the Company may use cash on hand to repay the Working Capital Loans.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

F- 14 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Unit, or . The deferred fee would be forfeited by the underwriters, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public
Offering, subject to the consummation of the Transaction. On a December 27, 2022, the Company announced the completion of the redemption
of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption, totaling shares issued in its IPO, in accordance with
the provision of its charter, which resulted in the forfeiture of the remaining of the deferred underwriting fee. As a result,
the Company derecognized the entire deferred underwriting fee payable of and recorded of the forgiveness of the
deferred underwriting fee allocated to Public Shares to the carrying value of the shares of Class A common stock and the remaining balance
of was as a gain from extinguishment of liability allocated to warrant liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred
underwriting fee payable is and , respectively. 

excise tax on certain repurchases
of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations
occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which
shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of
the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value
of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions
apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations
and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 15 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. On September 21,
2022, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize shares of preferred stock with a par value of .
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock and 
shares of Class B convertible common stock. On September 21, 2022, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize
 shares of Class A Convertible common stock, shares of Class B common stock, shares of Class C common
stock and shares of special common stock. 

and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, including and shares of Class A common
convertible stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, which have been reflected as temporary equity on the balance sheets.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class B convertible common stock issued and outstanding.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class C common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Restricted 
 C 

Total C Shares 

Restricted 
 A 

Restricted 
 B 

Total Outstanding Shares 

F- 16 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Federal Net Operating Loss 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively,
available to offset future taxable income. These NOLs carryforward indefinitely. The NOLs may become subject to an annual limitation
in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three-year period in excess of
 , as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as well as similar state tax provisions. The amount
of the annual limitation, if any, will generally be determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change.
Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent Book/Tax Differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

F- 17 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities Private
 Placement Warrants 

Liabilities: 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 
 Public Warrants 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 
 Private Placement Warrants 

as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

of interest income from the Trust Account to pay for taxes and liquidation expenses. 

F- 18 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONT.) 

. 

Strike price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Probability of completing a Business Combination 

Change in fair value recognized in earnings 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Derivative warrant liabilities Level 3, at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value recognized in earnings 

Transfer of Private Warrants to Level 2 

Derivative warrant liabilities Level 3, at December 31, 2022 

F- 19 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONT.) 

shares
of Class B common stock (to be converted into Class C common stock) to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business
combination for one year, from September 21, 2022 to September 21, 2023. 

Probability of completing a Business Combination 

Change in fair value 

Fair value measurement on December 31, 2022 

shares of Class C common stock from a Holder, which were comprised of 

20 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_pmvconsumer.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

The following summary of PMV Consumer Acquisition
Corp. s securities is based on and qualified by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate ).
References to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to PMV Consumer Acquisition
Corp. 

General 

As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares
of all classes of capital stock which the Company shall have authority to issue is 120,000,000, of which 100,000,000 shares shall be Common
Stock of the par value of .0001 per share, consisting of (a) 45,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, (b) 10,000,000 shares of Class
B common stock, (c) 25,000,000 shares of Class C common stock and (d) 20,000,000 shares of special common stock, and 20,000,000 shares
shall be preferred stock of the par value of .0001 per share. There are no shares of special common stock or preferred stock currently
outstanding. 

Units 

On September 24, 2020, the Company issued 17,500,000
public units. Each unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitled
the holder to purchase one share of common stock. 

Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, 1,175,000 shares of Class B common stock, and 204,200 shares of Class C commons stock issued and outstanding. 

The Shares of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock and Class C common stock are identical, except that: (i) the Shares of Class A common stock and the shares of Class B common stock,
respectively, shall each be convertible into shares of Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis at any time and from time to time at
the option of the holder thereof, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Certificate, and (ii) the shares of Class B common stock shall
be convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder
thereof, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Certificate. 

Additionally, while holders of Class A common
stock, holders of Class B common stock, and holders of Class C common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election
of directors. Holders of our Class A common stock and holders of our Class C common stock will not be entitled to vote on the election
of directors. 

There are no shares of special common stock outstanding.
Our Certificate authorizes the issuance of 20,000,000 shares of special common stock with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval,
issue shares of special common stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the
holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of special
common stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the
removal of existing management. We have no shares of special common stock issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not
currently intend to issue any preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the
result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Preferred Stock 

There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding.
Our Certificate authorizes the issuance of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as
may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue
shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of
the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without
stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management.
We have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred
stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless
the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. 

Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period 
to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations 
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before 
 we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and only if there is a current registration
statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, or
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at
a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. The Company
liquidated the funds held in the Trust Account; holders of warrants did not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants,
nor did they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants.
Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

If we call the warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant
to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the
dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of
our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the
warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option,
the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants. If we call our warrants for redemption and
our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would
still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above
that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

2 

Private Warrants 

The Private Warrants are identical to the Public
Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants
will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the
initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchaser or its
permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

If holders of the Private
Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that
number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the
 fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average
reported closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues
and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment
of any dividends will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to
retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Listing of Securities 

Our Class A common stock
and warrants are available to be quoted on the OTC Pink market, operated by OTC Markets Group Inc., under the symbols PMVC 
and PMVC WS, respectively. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover
Law 

Staggered Board of
Directors 

Our Certificate provides
that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special Meeting of
Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that
special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairman
or by our secretary at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to
vote. 

3 

Advance Notice Requirements
for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that
stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice
will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60 th day nor
earlier than the close of business on the 90 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders.
In the event that less than 70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is given,
a stockholder s notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the 10 th day
following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our bylaws
also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders
from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Authorized but Unissued
Shares 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive Forum Selection 

Our Certificate requires,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees
for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any
action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court
of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction or (D) any action arising under the Securities
Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction.
If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. 

Although we believe this
provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies,
a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of
discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. Additionally,
we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the
choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our Certificate provides
that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act
creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

4 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_pmvconsumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Marc Gabelli, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Marc Gabelli 

Marc Gabelli 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_pmvconsumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert LaPenta, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-3_pmvconsumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, John N. Givissis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ John N. Givissis 

John N. Givissis 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_pmvconsumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of PMV Consumer
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), 
each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Marc Gabelli 

Marc Gabelli 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert LaPenta, Jr 

Robert LaPenta, Jr 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John N. Givissis 

John N. Givissis 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pmvc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pmvc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pmvc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pmvc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pmvc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

