<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_801337_0000801337-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34540577</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>497844</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4224764</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13828126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7926037</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7440591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000801337-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310072704
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000801337-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		174
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000801337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				061187536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31486
		FILM NUMBER:		23721595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 ELM STREET
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-578-2202

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 ELM STREET
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000801337-23-000013.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 wbs-20221231.htm
 10-K

wbs-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission File Number: 
 _______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered of 5.25 Series F Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of 6.50 Series G Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting common stock held by non-affiliates, computed by reference using the closing price on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. 
 The number of shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of February 28, 2023 was . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX 
 Page No. Key to Acronyms and Terms ii 
 Forward-Looking Statements iv 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 25 
 Item 2. Properties 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 27 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 59 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 60 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 136 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 136 
 Item 9B. Other Information 139 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 139 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 140 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 140 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 140 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 140 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 140 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 140 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 142 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 144 
 SIGNATURES 
 145 

i 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 KEY TO ACRONYMS AND TERMS ACL Allowance for credit losses 
 AFS Available-for-sale Agency CMBS Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 Agency CMO Agency collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Agency MBS Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 ALCO Asset Liability Committee 
 ALLL Allowance for loan and lease losses AOCI (AOCL) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ARRC Alternative Reference Rates Committee 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU or the Update Accounting Standards Update Basel III Capital Rules Capital rules under a global regulatory framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
 Bend Bend Financial, Inc. BHC Act Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
 CARES Act The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CECL Current expected credit loss model, defined in ASC 326 Financial Instruments Credit Losses 
 CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, defined by the Basel III Capital Rules 
 CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 CLO Collateralized loan obligation securities 
 CMBS Non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 COVID-19 Coronavirus CRA Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 
 DEIB Diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging DTA / DTL Deferred tax asset / deferred tax liability 
 EAD Exposure at default ESG Environmental, Social, and Governance ERMC Enterprise Risk Management Committee 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIA Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FDIF Federal Deposit Insurance Fund FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FICO Fair Isaac Corporation 
 FRA Federal Reserve Act 
 FRB Federal Reserve Bank 
 FTE Fully tax-equivalent FTP Funds Transfer Pricing, a matched maturity funding concept 
 GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 Holding Company Webster Financial Corporation 
 HSA Health savings account HSA Bank HSA Bank, a division of Webster Bank, National Association 
 HTM Held-to-maturity interLINK Interlink Insured Sweep LLC IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ITGC Information Technology General Controls LGD Loss given default LIBOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIHTC Low income housing tax-credit Moody's Moody's Investor Services NAV Net asset value NYSE New York Stock Exchange OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCI (OCL) Other comprehensive income (loss) OFAC Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 OPEB Other post-employment medical and life insurance benefits OREO Other real estate owned PCD Purchased credit deteriorated PD Probability of default PPNR Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue PPP Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program ROU Right-of-use S P Standard and Poor's Rating Services SALT State and local tax Sarbanes-Oxley Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SERP Supplemental executive retirement plan SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Sterling Sterling Bancorp, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries TDR Troubled debt restructuring, defined in ASC 310-40 Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors 
 USA PATRIOT Act Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Requirement to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USD U.S. Dollar UTB Unrecognized tax benefit VIE / VOE Variable interest entity / voting interest entity, defined in ASC 810-10 Consolidation-Overall 
 Webster Bank or the Bank Webster Bank, National Association, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Webster Financial Corporation Webster or the Company Webster Financial Corporation, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted, continue, remain, will, should, may, plans, estimates, and similar references to future periods. However, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such forward-looking statements. 
 Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, and other financial items; 
 statements of plans, objectives, and expectations of the Company or its management or Board of Directors; 
 statements of future economic performance; and 
 statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on the Company s current expectations and assumptions regarding its business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. The Company s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. 
 Factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to successfully integrate the operations of Webster and Sterling and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger, including our ability to successfully complete our core conversion in the anticipated timeframe; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business plan and strategic initiatives, and manage any risks or uncertainties; 
 local, regional, national, and international economic conditions, and the impact they may have on us or our customers; 
 volatility and disruption in national and international financial markets, including as a result of geopolitical conflict, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine; 
 the continued effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, or the potential adverse effects from future pandemics, and any governmental or societal responses thereto; 
 unforeseen events, such as natural disasters; 
 changes in laws and regulations, or existing laws and regulations that we become subject to, including those concerning banking, taxes, dividends, securities, insurance, and healthcare, with which we and our subsidiaries must comply; 
 adverse conditions in the securities markets that could lead to impairment in the value of our securities portfolio; 
 inflation, monetary fluctuations, and changes in interest rates, including the impact of such changes on economic conditions, customer behavior, funding costs, and our loans and leases and securities portfolios; 
 the replacement of and transition from LIBOR to SOFR as the primary interest rate benchmark; 
 the timely development and acceptance of new products and services, and the perceived value of those products and services by customers; 
 changes in deposit flows, consumer spending, borrowings, and savings habits; 
 our ability to implement new technologies and maintain secure and reliable technology systems; 
 the effects of any cyber threats, attacks or events, or fraudulent activity, including those that involve our third-party vendors and service providers; 
 performance by our counterparties and third-party vendors; 
 our ability to increase market share and control expenses; 
 changes in the competitive environment among banks, financial holding companies, and other traditional and non-traditional financial services providers; 
 our ability to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity; 
 changes in the level of non-performing assets and charge-offs; 
 changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices applicable to us, including impacts of recently adopted accounting guidance; 
 our inability to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control related to ineffective ITGCs; 
 legal and regulatory developments, including the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries, and the results of regulatory examinations or reviews; and 
 our ability to appropriately address any environmental, social, governmental, and sustainability concerns that may arise from our business activities. 
 Any forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Webster Financial Corporation is a bank holding company and financial holding company under the BHC Act, incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1986, and headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut. Webster Bank, along with its HSA Bank Division, is a leading commercial bank in the Northeast that delivers a wide range of digital and traditional financial solutions to businesses, individuals, families, and partners across its three differentiated lines of business: Commercial Banking, HSA Bank, and Consumer Banking. While its core footprint spans from New York to Rhode Island and Massachusetts, certain businesses operate in extended geographies. HSA Bank is one of the largest providers of employee benefits solutions in the United States. 
 Available Information 
 The Company files reports with the SEC, and makes available, free of charge, within the investor relations section of its internet website (http://investors.websterbank.com) its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Information contained on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 Merger with Sterling Bancorp 
 On January 31, 2022, Webster completed its merger with Sterling pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 18, 2021. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Sterling Bancorp merged with and into the Holding Company, with the Holding Company continuing as the surviving corporation. Following the merger, on February 1, 2022, Sterling National Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as the surviving bank. Additional information regarding the merger with Sterling, along with other completed and announced acquisitions, can be found in Part II under the section captioned "Recent Developments" contained in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and within Note 2: Mergers and Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Subsidiaries and Reportable Segments 
 The Holding Company's principal consolidated subsidiary is the Bank. The Bank's significant wholly-owned subsidiaries include: Webster Servicing LLC, Webster Public Finance Corporation, Sterling National Funding Corporation, Webster Mortgage Investment Corporation, Sterling Business Credit LLC, Webster Wealth Advisors, Inc., Webster Licensing, LLC, Bend Financial, Inc., Interlink Insured Sweep LLC, Webster Investment Services, Inc., Webster Preferred Capital Corporation, and Webster Community Development Corporation. The Company's operations are organized into three reportable segments, which represent its primary businesses. 
 Commercial Banking serves businesses with more than 2 million of revenue through its Commercial Real Estate and Equipment Finance, Middle Market, Business Banking, Asset-Based Lending and Commercial Services, Public Sector Finance, Mortgage Warehouse, Sponsor and Specialty Finance, Verticals and Support, Private Banking, and Treasury Management business units. 
 Commercial Real Estate offers financing alternatives for the purpose of acquiring, developing, constructing, improving, or refinancing commercial real estate, in which loans are typically secured by institutional-quality real estate, including apartments, anchored retail, industrial, office, and student and affordable housing properties, and where the income generated from the secured property is the primary repayment source. 
 Equipment Finance offers small to mid-ticket equipment leasing solutions for critical equipment, new or used, across the manufacturing, construction and transportation, and environmental sectors. 
 Middle Market offers a broad range of financial services to a diversified group of companies delivering competitive products and solutions that meet their specific middle market needs. 
 Business Banking offers credit, deposit, and cash flow management products to businesses and professional service firms. 
 Asset-Based Lending, which is a top U.S. asset-based lender, offers asset-based loans and revolving credit facilities by financing core working capital with advance rates against inventory, accounts receivable, equipment, or other property owned by the borrower. 
 Commercial Services offers accounts receivable factoring and trade financing, and payroll funding and business process outsourcing to temporary staffing agencies nationwide, including full back-office, technology, and tax accounting services. 
 Public Sector Finance offers financing solutions exclusively to state, municipal, and local government entities. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Warehouse offers warehouse financing facilities consisting of temporary lines of credit, and which are secured by 1-4 family residential mortgages, to independent mortgage origination companies. 
 Sponsor and Specialty Finance offers senior debt capital to companies across the U.S. that are backed by private equity sponsors and/or privately owned in one of our specialty industries: technology and infrastructure, healthcare, environmental services, business and information services, lender finance, and fund banking. 
 Verticals and Support offers credit, deposit, and cash flow management to businesses and professional service firms in the legal, not-for-profit, and property management sectors, as well as to local and state governments. 
 Private Banking offers an array of wealth management solutions to business owners and operators, including trust, asset management, financial planning, insurance, retirement, and investment products. 
 Treasury Management offers derivative, treasury, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and trade products and services, through a dedicated team of treasury professionals and local commercial bankers, to help its business and institutional customers enhance liquidity, improve operations, and reduce risk. 
 HSA Bank , serviced through Webster Servicing LLC, offers a comprehensive consumer-directed healthcare solution that includes HSAs, health reimbursement arrangements, flexible spending accounts, and commuter benefits. HSAs are used in conjunction with high deductible health plans in order to facilitate tax advantages for account holders with respect to health care spending and savings, in accordance with applicable laws. HSAs are distributed nationwide directly to employers and individual consumers, as well as through national and regional insurance carriers, benefit consultants, and financial advisors. HSA deposits provide long-duration, low cost funding that is used to minimize the Bank's use of wholesale funding in support of its loan growth. Non-interest revenue is generated predominantly through service fees and interchange income. 
 Consumer Banking operates a distribution network, primarily throughout southern New England and the New York Metro and Suburban markets, that comprises 201 banking centers and 352 ATMs, a customer care center, and a full range of web and mobile-based banking services. Consumer Banking's business units consist of Consumer Lending and Small Business Banking. 
 Consumer Lending offers consumer deposit and fee-based services, residential mortgages, home equity lines, secured and unsecured loans, and credit card products. 
 Small Business Banking offers credit, deposit, and cash flow management products targeted to businesses and professional service firms with annual revenues of up to 2 million. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's reportable segments can be found in Part II under the section captioned "Segment Reporting" contained in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and within Note 21: Segment Reporting in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 As a values-driven organization, the Company's employees are the cornerstone of its success. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 4,065 full-time employees and 128 part-time employees, which comprised 63 female and 37 male, along with 553 temporary workers. None of the Company's employees were represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 The Company believes that its focus on DEIB is a critical component of how it supports the increasingly different perspectives of its employees, clients, and communities. It is not only key to long-term growth, but also having a workforce comprised of diverse identities, backgrounds, and experiences better helps the clients and communities that the Company serves to achieve their financial goals. The Company's commitment to DEIB starts with the senior leadership team, who continuously works to ensure that DEIB is embedded into the way the Company does business. The Company has established a DEIB Council, which serves as a platform where senior leaders, partners, and representatives of various internal business resource groups shape the strategy and actions of our DEIB efforts. The Council currently comprises 39 employee members across the organization and is co-chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President of Business Banking, both of whom make recommendations on ways to integrate DEIB in the areas of education and awareness, talent recruitment and development, and employee, client, and community engagement. The Company's Managing Director of DEIB works to expand DEIB initiatives and programs, as well as grow partnerships within local communities, while promoting a diverse, equitable workforce in an open, inclusive environment. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 The Company's compensation program aims to attract, retain, and reward high-performing talent at all levels of the organization through a pay-for-performance philosophy. Variable payment opportunities are available to all employees, including corporate incentive plans, sales/service commission or incentive plans, and equity plans for senior-level executives. Comprehensive benefits and wellness resources are provided to employees, including medical, dental, vision, wellness incentives, life insurance, voluntary supplemental life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, as well as a 401(k) retirement savings plan with a Company match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Assistance Program, parental leave, and paid time off. The Company shares in the costs of benefits with its employees by paying approximately 80 of all insurance costs. In addition, it contributes to participating employees HSAs through earned incentives for completing activities such as biometric screenings, wellness physicals, and dental exams. Benefit trends are reviewed regularly and plans are adjusted accordingly to remain competitive. The Company believes that its current benefits practices play a key role in employee retention. The average full-time and part-time employee tenure at the Company was approximately 9.1 years at December 31, 2022. 
 Learning and Development 
 The Company is focused on investing in its current and future talent by actively supporting the success, growth, and career progression of its employees. Employees have access to more than 400 courses offered through Webster Bank University, the Company's internal learning resource that offers on-demand webinars, e-learning modules, and in-person learning programs. The Company also provides unlimited access to self-directed online courses taught by industry experts with curated learning paths that are designed specifically for their professional interests. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 The Company is subject to strong competition from banks, thrifts, credit unions, non-bank health savings account trustees, consumer finance companies, investment companies, insurance companies, and online lending and savings institutions. Certain of these competitors are larger financial institutions with substantially greater resources, lending limits, larger branch systems, and a wider array of commercial and consumer banking services than the Company. Competition could intensify in the future as a result of industry consolidation, the increasing availability of products and services from non-bank organizations including financial technology companies, greater technological developments in the industry, and continued bank regulatory reforms. 
 The Company faces substantial competition for deposits and loans throughout its market areas. The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, personalized services, the quality and range of financial services, convenience of office locations and hours, mobile banking, and other automated services. Competition for deposits comes from other commercial banks, thrifts, credit unions, non-bank health savings account trustees, money market mutual funds, financial technology companies, and other non-bank financial services companies. The primary factors in competing for commercial and consumer loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, ease and convenience of loan origination channels, the quality and range of lending services, personalized service, and the ability to close within each customer's desired time frame. Competition for the origination of loans comes primarily from commercial banks, non-bank lenders, savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, mortgage brokers, online lenders, and insurance companies. Other factors that affect competition include the general and local economic conditions, current interest rate levels, and volatility in the lending markets. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The Holding Company and its bank and non-bank subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state laws. The regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their depository institutions is intended to protect depositors, the FDIF, consumers, and the U.S. banking system as a whole. 
 Set forth in the paragraphs below is a summary of the significant elements of the laws and regulations applicable to the Holding Company and its bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The description that follows is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations, and policies that are described. Banking statutes, regulations, and policies are continually under review by Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies. Changes in the statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies applicable to the Holding Company and its bank and non-bank subsidiaries, including how they are implemented or interpreted, could have a material effect on the results of the Company. 
 Regulatory Agencies 
 The Holding Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank and its other subsidiaries. As a registered bank holding company and a financial holding company, Webster Financial Corporation is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to inspection, examination, and supervision by its primary federal regulator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. As a publicly-traded company, Webster is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both of which are administered by the SEC. As a publicly-traded company with securities listed on the NYSE, Webster is subject to the rules of the NYSE. 
 The Bank is organized as a national banking association under the National Bank Act, as amended, and is subject to the supervision of and regular examination by the OCC, its primary federal regulator, as well as by the FDIC, its deposit insurer. As a national banking association, the Bank derives its lending, investment, and other bank activity powers from the National Bank Act, as amended, and the regulations of the OCC promulgated thereunder. In addition, the CFPB supervises the Bank to ensure compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws. 
 The Holding Company s non-bank subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and other applicable federal and state agencies. 
 Bank Holding Company Activities 
 In general, the BHC Act limits the business of bank holding companies to banking, managing, or controlling banks and other activities that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has determined to be closely related to banking. Bank holding companies that qualify and elect to become financial holding companies, such as Webster Financial Corporation, may engage in any activity, or acquire and retain the shares of a company engaged in any activity, that is either (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity (as determined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury) or (ii) complementary to a financial activity, and that does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system (as solely determined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). Activities that are financial in nature include securities underwriting, dealing and market making, sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies, insurance underwriting, and merchant banking. If a financial holding company or its bank ceases to be well capitalized or well managed, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may impose corrective capital and managerial requirements and activity restrictions. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 Under the BHC Act, prior approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is required in order for any bank holding company to (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank, (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of a bank, or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. Generally, the Holding Company is not required to obtain prior approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to acquire a non-bank that engages in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as long as the Holding Company meets the capital, managerial, and CRA requirements to qualify as a financial holding company. However, the Holding Company is required to receive prior approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for an acquisition in which the total consolidated assets to be acquired exceeds 10 billion. 
 Pursuant to Section 18(c) of the FDIA, more commonly known as the Bank Merger Act, and for national banks relying on certain other sources of merger authority, prior written approval from a bank's primary federal regulator is required before any insured depository institution may consummate a merger transaction, which includes a merger, consolidation, assumption of deposit liabilities, and certain asset transfers between or among two or more institutions. Prior written approval of a bank's primary federal regulator is also required for merger transactions between or among affiliated institutions, as well as for merger transactions between or among non-affiliated institutions. Transactions that do not involve a transfer of deposit liabilities typically do not require prior approval under the Bank Merger Act, unless the transaction involves the acquisition of all or substantially all of an institution's assets. When evaluating and acting on proposed merger transactions, regulators consider the extent of existing competition between and among the merging institutions, other depository institutions, and other providers of similar or equivalent services in the relevant product and geographic markets, the convenience and needs of the community to be served, capital adequacy and earnings prospects, and the effectiveness the merger institutions in combating money-laundering activities, among other factors. 
 Further, the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978 generally prohibits any person, acting directly or indirectly or in concert with other persons, from acquiring control of a covered institution without providing at least 60 days prior written notice to the FDIC or upon receipt of written notice that the FDIC does not disapprove of the acquisition. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the OCC, and the FDIC have adopted the regulatory capital standards in accordance with Basel III, as developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The Basel III Capital Rules strengthened international capital adequacy standards by increasing institutions' minimum capital requirements and holdings of high-quality liquid assets, and decreasing bank leverage. 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the Company's assets, exposures, and certain off-balance sheet commitments and obligations are subject to risk weights used to determine risk-weighted assets. Risk weights can range from 0 for U.S. government securities to 1,250 for certain tranches of complex securitization or equity exposures. Risk-weighted assets serve as the base against which regulatory capital is measured, and are used to calculate the Holding Company's and the Banks' minimum capital ratios of CET1 capital to total risk-weighted assets (CET1 risk-based capital), Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 risk-based capital), Total capital to total risk-weighted assets (Total risk-based capital), and Tier 1 capital to average tangible assets (Tier 1 leverage capital), as defined in the regulations, which the Company is required to maintain. CET1 capital consists of common stockholders' equity less deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets, and certain deferred tax adjustments. At the time of initial adoption of the Basel III Capital Rules, the Company had elected to opt-out of the requirement to include certain components of AOCI in CET1 capital. Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 capital plus preferred stock. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital, as defined in the regulations. Tier 2 capital includes qualifying subordinated debt and the permissible portion of the ACL. 
 The following table summarizes the ratio thresholds applicable to the Company pursuant to the Basel III Capital Rules as of December 31, 2022: 
 Adequately Capitalized Well Capitalized CET1 risk-based capital 4.5 6.5 Total risk-based capital 8.0 10.0 Tier 1 risk-based capital 6.0 8.0 Tier 1 leverage capital 4.0 5.0 
 In addition, the Basel III Capital Rules mandate that most deductions from or adjustments to regulatory capital be made to CET1 capital, not to the other components. For instance, the deduction of mortgage servicing assets, certain DTAs, and capital investments in unconsolidated financial institutions is required to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 capital or exceeds 15 of CET1 capital in the aggregate. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Basel III Capital Rules also include a capital conservation buffer comprised entirely of CET1 capital, which is considered in addition to the 4.5 CET1 capital ratio, and is equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets for both the Holding Company and the Bank. This buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress, and is generally required in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 
 On August 26, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that provided banking organizations that had implemented CECL during 2020, the option to delay an estimate of CECL's effect on regulatory capital for two years ending on January 1, 2022, followed by a three-year transition period ending on December 31, 2024. The Company elected to utilize the 2020 capital transition relief and delayed the regulatory capital impact of adopting CECL. Both the Holding Company's and the Bank's ratios remain in excess of being well-capitalized, even without the benefit of the delayed CECL adoption impact. Additional information regarding the delayed CECL adoption impact on regulatory capital can be found in Part II under the section captioned "Liquidity and Capital Resources" contained in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and within Note 13: Regulatory Matters in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 Pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA, the federal banking agencies are required to take prompt corrective action if an insured depository institution fails to meet certain capital adequacy standards. The following table summarizes the prompt corrective action categories: 
 Well Adequately Under Significantly Capitalized Capitalized Capitalized Under Capitalized CET1 risk-based capital 6.5 4.5 

Table of Contents 

 Volcker Rule 
 The Volcker Rule prohibits banking entities, such as the Holding Company and the Bank, from (i) engaging in short-term proprietary trading of certain securities, derivatives, commodity futures, and options on these investments for their own account, and (ii) imposes limits on investments in, and other relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker Rule provides exemptions for certain activities, including market making, underwriting, hedging, trading in government obligations, insurance company activities, and organizing and offering hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker rule also clarifies that certain activities are not prohibited, including acting as agent, broker, or custodian. Banking entities with significant trading operations (those with 20 billion or more in average trading assets and liabilities) are required to establish a detailed compliance program to which their Chief Executive Officers are required to attest that the program is reasonably designed to achieve compliance with the Volcker Rule. The Company has a Volcker Rule compliance program in place that covers all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 On June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve System, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, FDIC, OCC, and SEC issued a final rule that modified the Volcker Rule's prohibition on banking entities investing in or sponsoring hedge funds or private equity funds, known as covered funds. The final rule, which became effective on October 1, 2020, modified three areas of the Volcker Rule by (i) streamlining the covered funds portion of the rule, (ii) addressing the extraterritorial treatment of certain foreign funds, and (iii) permitting banking entities to offer financial services and engage in other activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was intended to address. The Federal Reserve System had granted the Company an extension until July 21, 2022 to bring its holdings into compliance with the Volcker Rule. The Company dissolved its remaining holdings in illiquid covered funds during 2021, and believes its holdings to be fully compliant with the Volcker Rule as of December 31, 2022. 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Federal Reserve System regulations require depository institutions to maintain reserves against its transaction accounts and non-personal time deposits for the purposes of implementing monetary policy. The reserve requirement must be satisfied in the form of vault cash and, if vault cash is insufficient, by maintaining a balance in an account at a FRB. The FRA authorizes different ranges of reserve requirement ratios depending on the amount of transaction account balances held at each depository institution. Effective March 26, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the reserve requirement ratios on all net transaction accounts were reduced to zero percent, thereby eliminating reserve requirements for all depository institutions. 
 Further, as a national bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, Webster Bank is required to subscribe to the capital stock of its district FRB in an amount equal to 6 of its capital and surplus, of which 50 is paid. The remaining 50 is subject to call by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. At December 31, 2022, the Bank held a FRB of New York stock investment of 224.5 million. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 The FHLB System provides a central credit facility for its member institutions. Webster Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to purchase and hold shares of FHLB capital stock for its membership and other activities in an amount equal to 0.35 of the aggregate principal amount of its unpaid residential mortgage loans and similar obligations at the beginning of each year, up to a maximum of 5 million, plus an amount that varies from 3.0 to 4.0 depending on the maturities of its FHLB advances, of which there were 5.5 billion outstanding at December 31, 2022. The Bank was in compliance with these requirements at December 31, 2022, and held a FHLB stock investment of 221.4 million. 
 Source of Strength Doctrine 
 Bank holding companies are required to serve as a source of financial strength to their subsidiary banks and commit resources to support each of their subsidiary banks. This support may be required at times when the Holding Company is not in a financial position to provide such resources without adversely affecting its ability to meet other obligations. The Federal Reserve System may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices if it fails to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank, or if it undertakes actions that the Federal Reserve System believes might jeopardize the bank holding company's ability to commit resources to such subsidiary bank. Capital loans by banking holding companies to its subsidiary banks would be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other debts of the subsidiary bank. In the event of bankruptcy, any commitment by a bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 In addition, under the National Bank Act, if the Bank's capital stock is impaired by losses or otherwise, the OCC is authorized to require payment of the deficiency by assessment upon the Holding Company. If the assessment is not paid within three months after receiving notice thereof, the OCC could order a sale of the Bank stock held to cover any deficiency. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Safety and Soundness Standards 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted the rules and regulations under the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness, which are applicable to all insured depository institutions. These guidelines prescribe standards relating to internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees, and benefits, asset quality, earnings, and stock valuation, as determined to be appropriate. 
 The OCC also has guidelines establishing heightened standards for large national banks, which establish minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. A large bank is defined as a bank with more than 50 billion in average total consolidated assets from its four most recently filed quarterly Call Reports. Upon becoming a covered bank, the bank should have a risk governance framework in compliance with the guidelines within 18 months from the as of date of the most recently filed Call Report used to calculate the average. The framework of a parent holding company may be used when the risks are substantially similar. With the filing of its Call Report for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Bank became a covered bank, and will have 18 months to comply with these heightened OCC guidelines. 
 If a federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any of the established standards, the agency may require the institution to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. In the event that an institution fails to submit an acceptable plan within the time allowed, or fails, in any material respect, to implement an accepted plan, the agency must require the institution to correct the deficiency and may take other supervisory and enforcement actions until the deficiency is corrected. 
 In more serious instances, enforcement actions may include (i) the issuance of directives to increase capital, the issuance of formal and informal agreements, (ii) the imposition of civil monetary penalties, (iii) the issuance of a cease and desist order that can be judicially enforced, (iv) the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against officers, directors, and other institution affiliated parties, (v) the termination of the insured depository institution s deposit insurance, (vi) the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the insured depository institution, and (vii) injunctions or restraining orders based upon a judicial determination that the FDIC, as receiver, would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted. 
 Dividends 
 The Holding Company is dependent upon dividends from the Bank to provide funds for its cash requirements, including the payment of dividends to stockholders. Dividends paid by the Bank are subject to federal and state regulatory limitations. Express approval by the OCC is required if the effect of dividends declared would cause the regulatory capital of the Bank to fall below specified minimum levels, or would exceed the net income for that year combined with the undistributed net income for the preceding two years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank declared and paid 475.0 million in dividends to the Holding Company and had 701.4 million of undistributed net income available for the declaration and payment of dividends at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, federal banking regulators have the authority to prohibit the Company from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting its business. The declaration and payment of dividends, depending on the financial condition of the Bank, could be deemed an unsafe or unsound practice, especially if its capital base is depleted to an inadequate level. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends in the future is currently, and could be further, influenced by bank regulatory policies and capital requirements. 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 Transactions between insured depository institutions and their affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the FRA and Federal Reserve Regulation W. In a bank holding company context, at a minimum, the parent holding company of a national bank, and any companies that are controlled by such parent holding company, are considered affiliates of the bank. Generally, sections 23A and 23B of the FRA are intended to protect insured depository institutions from losses arising from transactions with non-insured affiliates by (i) limiting the extent to which an institution or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate and with all affiliates in the aggregate, and (ii) requiring that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, the issuance of a guarantee, and similar types of transactions. Certain covered transactions must be collateralized according to a schedule set forth in the statue. 
 In addition, Section 22(h) of the FRA and Federal Reserve Regulation O restricts loans to directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders or insiders. Pursuant to Section 22(h), loans to directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders must be made on terms substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons, except that such insiders may receive preferential loans made under a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to the institution's employees and does not give preference to the insider over the employees. Further, loans to insiders and their related interests may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such persons and affiliated entities, the institution s total capital and surplus. Loans to insiders above specified amounts must receive prior approval from the Company's Board of Directors. Section 22(g) of the FRA places additional limitations on loans to executive officers. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer Protection and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Supervision 
 The CFPB is responsible for implementing, enforcing, and examining compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws. As an insured depository institution with more than 10 billion in total assets, the Bank is subject to supervision by the CFPB. There are a number of federal laws, which the Company is subject to, that are designed to protect borrowers and promote lending, including, but not limited to, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Procedures Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Practices Act, and the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010. 
 On December 7, 2021, the CFPB issued a final rule amending Regulation Z, which implements the Truth in Lending Act, to address the anticipated sunset of LIBOR for consumer financial products, which is expected to be discontinued for most USD tenors in June 2023. Information regarding the Company's LIBOR transition plan and risk factors associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR, can be found under the section captioned "LIBOR Transition" contained in Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Identity Theft 
 Certain regulated entities are required to establish programs to address risks of identity theft. In accordance with these rules, financial institutions and creditors are required to develop and implement a written identity theft prevention program designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with certain existing accounts or the opening of new accounts. The Company has an Identity Theft Prevention Program in place, which is approved by the Board of Directors, satisfying its compliance with these requirements. 
 Financial Privacy and Data Security 
 The Company is subject to federal and certain state laws and regulations containing consumer privacy and data protection provisions addressing the treatment of nonpublic personal information about consumers by financial institutions. Subject to certain exceptions, financial institutions are prohibited from disclosing nonpublic personal information about a consumer to nonaffiliated third parties, unless the institution satisfies various notice and opt-out requirements and the consumer has not elected to opt out of the disclosure. Regardless as to whether a financial institution shares nonpublic personal information, the institution must provide notice of its privacy policies and practices to its consumers, and must follow redisclosure and reuse limitations on any nonpublic personal information it receives from a nonaffiliated financial institution. 
 The federal banking regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and programs to protect such information, with an increased focus on risk management and processes related to information technology, and the use of third-parties. The expectation from the federal banking regulatory agencies is that financial institutions have established lines of defense to ensure that their risk management processes address the risks posed by compromised customer credentials, and that the financial institution has sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of operations after a cyber-attack. 
 Financial institutions are required to notify customers of security breaches that result in unauthorized access to their nonpublic personal information. Further, on November 18, 2021, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the OCC, and the FDIC issued a final rule that requires a banking organization to notify its primary regulator of certain types of computer security incidents that result in harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information that the system processes, stores, or transmits, as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that a notification incident has occurred. The final rule also requires a bank service provider to notify each affected banking organization customer as soon as possible when the bank service provider determines that is has experienced a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. The final rule became effective April 1, 2022, and compliance with the final rule was required by May 1, 2022. 
 Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws 
 The Bank has a responsibility under the CRA to help meet the credit needs of its communities, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products or services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. In connection with its examination, the OCC assesses the Bank s record of compliance with the CRA. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit discrimination in lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. The Bank s failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could, at a minimum, result in regulatory restrictions on its activities, as well as the activities of the Company. Further, the Bank s failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions against it by the OCC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies, including the CFPB and the Department of Justice. The Bank received a CRA rating of Outstanding in its most recent examination. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Deposit Insurance 
 The standard deposit insurance coverage limit is 250,000 per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, for each account ownership category. The FDIF is funded mainly through quarterly assessments on insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, and provides insurance coverage for certain deposits up to this maximum amount. 
 The Bank's assessment is calculated in accordance with the FDIC's standardized risk-based methodology by multiplying its assessment rate by its assessment base, which are determined and paid each quarter. The assessment base equals the Bank's average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity during the assessment period. As a large bank, or generally one with 10 billion or more in assets, Webster Bank is assigned an individual rate based on a scorecard, which combines CAMELS (capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity) component ratings, financial measures used to measure a bank's ability to withstand asset-related and funding-related stress, and a measure of loss severity that estimates the relative magnitude of potential losses to the FDIC in the event of the bank's failure, to produce a score that is then converted to an assessment rate. 
 Assessment rates are subject to adjustment by the FDIC. For instance, assessment rates could (i) decrease for the issuance of long-term unsecured debt, including senior unsecured debt and subordinated debt, (ii) increase for holdings of long-term unsecured or subordinated debt issued by other banks, or (iii) increase for significant holdings of brokered deposits for large banks that are not well rated or not well capitalized. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC increased the initial deposit base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points for all insured depository institutions, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the FDIF reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. 
 The FDIC may terminate a depository institution's deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution's financial condition is unsafe or unsound, or that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC. The Company s management is not aware of any practice, violation, or condition that might lead to the termination of its deposit insurance. 
 Depositor Preference 
 In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, including the Bank, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, claims of insured and uninsured depositors, along with claims of the FDIC, would have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors, including the Holding Company, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Anti-Money Laundering 
 A major focus of U.S. federal governmental policy as it relates to financial institutions is aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the financial institutions, including causing the applicable bank regulatory authorities to not approve merger or acquisition transactions or to prohibit such transactions even if prior approval is not required. 
 Financial institutions are required to take certain measures to identify their customers, prevent money laundering, monitor customer transactions, and report suspicious activity to U.S. law enforcement agencies. Financial institutions also are required to respond to requests for information from federal banking agencies and law enforcement agencies. Information sharing among financial institutions for the above purposes is encouraged by an exemption granted to complying financial institutions from the privacy provisions of federal privacy laws. Financial institutions that hold correspondent accounts for foreign banks or provide private banking services to foreign individuals are required to take measures to avoid dealing with certain foreign individuals or entities, including foreign banks with profiles that raise money laundering concerns, and are prohibited from dealing with foreign shell banks and persons from jurisdictions of particular concern. 
 Financial institutions also are required to establish internal anti-money laundering programs. The effectiveness of a financial institution in combating money laundering activities is a factor to be considered in any application submitted under the Bank Merger Act. The Company has in place a Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act compliance program and engages in very few transactions of any kind with foreign financial institutions or foreign persons. The Company also complies with the sanctions administered by the OFAC of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which is responsible for administering economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nations, and others. The OFAC publishes lists of persons, organizations, and countries suspected of aiding, harboring, or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated Nationals and Block Persons. Blocked assets (i.e., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off, or transferred in any manner without a license from the OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Debit Card Interchange Fees 
 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System requires that the amount of any interchange transaction fee that a debit card issuer may receive or charge with respect to an electronic debit transaction shall be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the debit card issuer with respect to the transaction, and imposes requirements regarding routing and exclusivity of electronic debit transactions and the usability of debit cards across networks. Interchange fees for certain electronic debit transactions are capped at 21 cents plus 0.05 of the transaction value for issuers with over 10 billion in consolidated assets, such as the Bank. The regulation also allows covered debit card issuers to receive 1 cent per transaction for fraud-prevention costs, provided that the debit card issuer meets the fraud-prevention standards established by the FRB. HSA Bank's interchange revenue is not subject to these rules. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Management Framework 
 The Company defines risk as the potential that events, expected or unexpected, may have an adverse effect on its earnings, capital, or franchise/enterprise value. The Company maintains a structured risk management framework that provides an integrated, forward-looking approach to identifying, prioritizing, and managing all risk categories across the organization: Information, Reputational, Operational, Credit, Compliance, Financial, and Strategic. 
 Executive management sets the tone at the top and reinforces risk culture through strategy setting, formulating objectives, approving resource allocations, and establishing and maintaining effective systems of internal controls. A strong risk culture is the foundation of effective risk management because it influences the decisions of management and employees when weighing risks and benefits. Management also encourages and supports risk self-identification and timely escalation throughout the organization. 
 The risk management framework includes a Three Lines Model with the following roles and responsibilities: 
 1 st Line: Line of Business Units 
 Line of business units have responsibility for identifying, assessing, escalating, controlling, and mitigating risks inherent to their business activities arising from their chosen strategy and ongoing operations. 
 2 nd Line: Risk Management Functions 
 Risk management functions operate independent of the line of business and facilitate development and implementation of risk management practices, provide risk guidance and assist the lines of business in identification and mitigation of risk, monitor adequacy of risk responses and timeliness of remediation, and perform control testing. 
 3 rd Line: Independent Control Functions 
 Reporting directly to the Board of Directors, the independent control functions (i.e., Internal Audit, Credit Risk Review) perform assessments and evaluations of risk management practices and internal controls, identify issues, make recommendations, and inform the Board of Directors and executive management on matters that require remediation. 
 Risk identification at the Company is a continuous process and occurs at the transaction, portfolio, and enterprise levels. Approaches used to identify risk include process and data analysis, key risk indicators, and risk assessments. Identified risks are assessed based on qualitative and quantitative factors to understand the likelihood that such events will occur and the degree to which they will impact the Company s ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives if they occur. Risk assessments, which are performed by the 1 st line or 2 nd line of defense functions, evaluate inherent risk (likelihood and impact) and existing controls (control environment) to arrive at residual risk. 
 The Company has established and maintains a Risk Appetite Statement which provides guidance to management regarding the nature and level of residual risk that it is willing to take in pursuit of its objectives. The appetite balances a qualitative risk appetite statement, which is approved annually by the Board of Directors, with quantitative metrics in the form of board-level and management-level scorecards comprising key risk indicators with established risk tolerance levels. Tolerance levels are periodically reviewed by the respective oversight committees to ensure the alignment of risk appetite with the Company s risk profile. 
 The Company has established operating and oversight structures including policies, processes, and control/oversight systems that support risk-related decision-making designed to ensure appropriate authority, accountability, independence, and clarity of roles and responsibilities. The Board of Directors oversees the Company's approach to risk management and delegates its authority to the Risk Committee to provide oversight and effective challenge. Along with assisting the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing information regarding the Company's policies, procedures, and practices relating to risk. The Chief Risk Officer has the primary responsibility for the design and implementation of the Company's risk management framework. 
 The ERMC, which is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, is the management committee responsible for overseeing the Company's risk management process, including monitoring the severity, direction, and trend of current and emerging risks relative to business strategies and market conditions, assessing the quality of risk programs to manage and mitigate risks, and ensuring implementation of the Company's risk appetite and strategy. To support the ERMC in its oversight responsibilities, it has seven subcommittees: (i) Information Risk Committee, (ii) Operational Risk Management Committee, (iii) Litigation Risk Management Committee (iv) Credit Risk Management Committee, (v) Regulatory Compliance Committee, (vi) Bank Secrecy Act and Fraud Oversight Committee, and (vii) Asset Liability Committee. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Information Risk 
 Information risk encompasses Information Technology and Information Security risks. Informational Technology risk is defined as the risk that systems handing information and process flows may not meet quality and efficiency standards in line with industry, customer, and regulatory expectations, or may fail causing outages, or that new systems may not be implemented in a timely manner. Information Security risk is defined as the risk of unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, perusal, inspection, recording, or destruction of electronic or physical data. 
 The increased use of technology to store and process information, particularly the ability to conduct financial transactions on mobile devices and cloud technologies, exposes the Company to moderate risk of potential operational disruption or information security incidents, whether caused by deliberate or accidental acts. The Company is committed to preventing, detecting, and responding timely to incidents that may impact the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets through its information security and technology risk programs, which are managed under the direction of the Chief Information Security Officer and Senior Managing Director of Information Risk Management. The Information Risk Committee provides primary oversight to Information Risk. 
 Reputational Risk 
 Reputational risk is defined as the potential that negative publicity regarding the Company's conduct, business practices, or associations, whether true or not, will adversely affect its revenues, operations, and customer base, or require costly litigation or other defensive measures. Reputational risk may also impair the Company's competitiveness by affecting its ability to establish new relationships or continue servicing existing customers. Reputational risk is inherent in all Company's activities, especially when dealing with stakeholders such as customers, counterparties, investors, regulators, colleagues, and communities. 
 In addition, reputational risk arises when the Company associates its brand with solutions and services offered through outsourced arrangements, negative publicity regarding matters such as poor unethical or deceptive business practices, violations of laws or regulations, high profile litigation, poor financial performance, poor execution, or inferior customer service. 
 Reputational risk is managed through strong corporate governance, risk culture, and a Code of Ethics. Setting the tone at the top, the Board of Directors and executive leadership actively support risk awareness by mandating accurate and timely management information and communication. The Company's ethical standards are reinforced through recruiting, training, and performance management. The Company also maintains strong fair and responsible banking practices, which permeate interactions with clients, vendors, and counterparties. The ERMC provides primary oversight to Reputational risk. 
 Operational Risk 
 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, whether direct or indirect, due to the inadequacy or failure of processes and systems, human error, or from external events. Operational risk encompasses the following risks: Fraud, Third Parties, Human Capital, Business Operations, Model, Legal, and Physical Security. 
 The Company mitigates Operational risk through the establishment of an Operational Risk Management Program, which provides for a set of tools to identify, assess, monitor, and report operational risk activities. The program enables the lines of business and corporate functions to establish accountability for performance and execution, and allows for timely and effective management of identified risks, control failures, or other related gap/deficiencies that are reinforced through incentive structures. The Company seeks to control operational risk within an acceptable range, which is determined by the types of businesses in which it engages, and the volume of activity within those lines of business. Control of operational losses depends on identifying the types of transactions and operational risks faced at the enterprise and business level, and ensuring effective internal control processes are in place to mitigate these risks. The Operational Risk Management Committee provides primary oversight to Operational risk as a whole. The Litigation Risk Committee provides primary oversight to Legal risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its financial or contractual obligations to the Company. Credit risk arises in the Company's lending operations, and in its funding and investment activities where counterparties have repayment or other obligations to the Company. Credit risk can also arise from other solutions or services that involve customer obligations for the transfer of funds. 
 The overall focus of Credit risk management is to balance returns relative to risk while operating within stated risk tolerances. The Company maintains underwriting standards consistent with its desired risk profile and robust credit process. The Company's loan portfolio is balanced to include both commercial and consumer lending activity, while avoiding significant concentrations in borrowers, counterparties, industries, and solutions that could create excessive correlated risk. 
 Diversification of the loan portfolio across commercial and industrial, specialty finance, and real estate lending is important in managing credit risk. Accordingly, management aims to actively measure and management concentrations by portfolio, industry sector and specific sub-sectors, geography, single obligor, and other guidelines. The Company is primarily a relationship lender. In addition, the Company will only assume credit risk when it can effectively manage from an infrastructure or operational perspective, and it has industry, product, and market expertise. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The Credit Risk Management Program is led by the Chief Credit Officer, along with a team of credit executives who are independent of the loan production and treasury functions. The Credit Risk Management Committee provides primary oversight to Credit risk. 
 Compliance Risks 
 Compliance risk is defined as the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of, or non-compliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, or prudent ethical standards. Compliance risk exposes the Company to fines, civil monetary penalties, payment of damages, and the voiding of contracts. The Company's activities subject to overall compliance, consumer protection, and regulatory risk include deposit account management, lending products and services, privacy protections, investment management, and fiduciary services. 
 Compliance risk is managed through the execution of a comprehensive Compliance Management Program, which is designed to identify and evaluate risks of non-compliance, assess, test, and monitor the effectiveness of internal controls, and report and escalate significant issues. The Regulatory Compliance Committee provides primary oversight to Compliance risk as a whole. The BSA and Fraud Oversight Committee provides primary oversight to Compliance risks specific to the BSA. 
 Financial Risk 
 Financial risk encompasses Treasury and Accounting risk. Treasury risk includes the risk (i) of capital levels falling below supervisory expectations or being incommensurate with the level of risk; (ii) that a value of a security or investment will decrease; (iii) changes in interest rates could contribute to a reduction in earnings and net worth; and (iv) from decreases or changes in funding sources. Accounting risk includes the risks that arise from the inability to (i) comply with GAAP and regulatory laws/guidelines; (ii) ensure a high integrity financial reporting process; and (iii) disclose appropriate information. 
 The Treasury components of Financial risk are managed through interest rate, liquidity, and capital scenario analysis and stress testing. Accounting risk is managed through internal control over financial reporting. The Company's Treasury and Accounting Risk Programs are respectively managed by the Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer. The Asset Liability Committee provides primary oversight of Treasury risk. The Disclosure and SOX Committees, both of which are subcommittees of the Audit Committee, provide primary oversight of Accounting risk. 
 Strategic Risk 
 Strategic risk is defined as the risk to the Company's current or projected financial condition, expected returns and resilience arising from the inability to select and execute strategic choices, suboptimal company positioning, ineffective organizational structures, poor implementation of priorities and initiatives, inadequate risk management infrastructure, or the lack of responsiveness to changes in the financial services ecosystem and operating environment. 
 The Company seeks to achieve its performance objectives by making management decisions, such as the selection of strategic choices, applying planning assumptions, assessing internal capabilities and the external environment, ensuring capital and resources are dedicated to the right priorities, and ensuring effective execution by periodically reviewing specific plans. Strategic risk underscores the need for balance between risk and return, evaluating opportunity against the risk of loss of value. 
 The long-range strategic planning process ensures that strategic choices and initiatives are viewed with the overarching goal of allocating capital and resources to support strategies that create value for customers and sustainably grow economic profit over time. The impact of a strategy on the Company's risk appetite and risk profile is evaluated as part of the strategic planning process. The long-range strategic planning process is managed by the Corporate Strategy Officer. The ERMC and Risk Committee provide primary oversight to Strategic risk. 
 Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties, and relevant risk factors that could impact the Company's business, results of operations, or financial condition can be found in Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors and throughout Part II of this report. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investment in Webster stock involves risks and uncertainties, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to our business. The discussion in the paragraphs below addresses the material risks and uncertainties, of which we are currently aware, that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. If any of these events or circumstances actually occurs, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be significantly impacted. 
 Information Risk 
 A failure or breach of our information systems, or those of our third-party vendors and service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, and cause losses. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 As a financial institution, we depend on our ability to process, record, and monitor a large number of customer transactions. Accordingly, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities, including mobile banking and other recently developed technologies, may stop operating properly or become disabled or compromised as a result of a number of factors that may be beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume, electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, pandemics, events arising from political or social matters, including terrorist acts, and cyber-attacks. Although we have business continuity plans and robust information security procedures and controls in place, disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems, or devices on which customers personal information is stored and that they use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, third parties with whom we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing houses, financial intermediaries, or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including breakdowns or failures of their own systems, capacity constraints, and cyber-attacks. 
 In recent years, information security risks for financial institutions have risen due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, hostile foreign governments, activists, and other external parties. There have been instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting unauthorized access to, and disclosure of, client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data. There have also been highly publicized cases where hackers have requested ransom-payments in exchange for allowing access to systems and/or not disclosing customer information. In addition, as a result of the increase in remote working by our personnel and the personnel of other companies, the risk of cyber-attacks, breaches or similar events, whether through our systems or those of third parties on which we rely, has increased. 
 Although Webster has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, it is possible that we could suffer such losses in the future. Our inherent risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened, and as a result, the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect and facilitate the recovery of our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remains a high priority for us. In conjunction with our Third Party Risk Management Program, Webster assesses and monitors third party risks to protect those information assets shared with external parties. While we have purchased network and privacy liability insurance coverage (which includes digital asset loss, business interruption loss, network security liability, privacy liability, network extortion, and data breach coverage), such insurance may not cover any and all actual losses. As cyber threats and related regulations continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control related to ineffective ITGCs, which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result in a loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 
 Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, management has identified material weaknesses in internal controls due to ineffective ITGCs. As a result, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Although management currently expects that the remediation of these material weaknesses will be completed prior to the end of 2023, our efforts may not be successful by such date, if at all. In addition, these remediation efforts will place a burden on management and result in additional technology and other expenses. 
 If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Reputational Risk 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our ESG practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds, and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions, and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for us as well as among our third-party suppliers, vendors, and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and the price of our stock. 
 We are subject to financial and reputational risks from potential liability arising from lawsuits. 
 The nature of our business ordinarily results in certain legal proceedings and claims. Whether claims or legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect how the market perceives us, the products and services we offer, as well as customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings and certain threatened claims and assessments using the latest and most reliable information. For matters identified where it is probable that we will incur a loss and we can reasonably estimate the amount, we will establish an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is then adjusted, as needed, to reflect any relevant developments. However, the actual cost of an outstanding legal proceeding or threatened claim and assessment may be substantially higher than the amount accrued by management. 
 Operational Risk 
 The replacement of LIBOR could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 LIBOR and certain other interest rate benchmarks are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and reform. The publication of the 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings ceased as of December 31, 2021, while the 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will continue to be published until June 30, 2023. Accordingly, all existing LIBOR obligations have or will transition to another benchmark after December 31, 2021, June 30, 2023, or earlier. The U.S. federal banking agencies issued a statement in November 2020 encouraging banks to transition from USD LIBOR as soon as practicable and stop entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR by December 31, 2021. 
 Central banks and regulators in major jurisdictions, including the United States, have convened working groups to find, and implement the transition to suitable replacements for interbank offered rates. To identify a successor rate for USD LIBOR, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board and the FRB of New York formed the ARRC. On July 29, 2021, the ARRC formally recommended SOFR as its preferred alternative replacement rate for LIBOR. Webster has adopted SOFR as the LIBOR replacement rate and began offering SOFR-based lending solutions and derivative contracts to our customers in October 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, Webster stopped originating new contracts using any LIBOR index, as defined by regulatory guidance. 
 The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, the transition could: 
 adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenues and expenses associated with or the value of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given LIBOR's role in determining market interest rates globally; 
 prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with SOFR as the alternative reference rate; and 
 result in disputes, litigation or other actions with borrowers or counterparties about the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based contracts and securities. 
 The transition from LIBOR to SOFR requires the transition to or development of appropriate systems, models, and analytics to effectively transition our risk management and other processes from LIBOR-based products to those based on SOFR. Webster has developed a Working Group, Steering Committee, and LIBOR transition plan aligned with regulatory guidance and ARRC best practices and is actively working to develop processes, systems, and personnel to support this transition. Timelines and priorities include assessing the impact on our customers and assessing system requirements for operational processes. There can be no guarantee that our efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with transitioning from LIBOR to SOFR as the alternative reference rate. The effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan, investment, and securities portfolios is uncertain and could adversely impact our business and increase operational and legal costs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us. 
 Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. For instance, we depend on our vendor-provided core banking processing systems to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions on a daily basis. Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that vendors and third-party service providers might not perform in accordance with their contracts or service agreements, whether due to changes in their organizational structure, strategic focus, support for existing products, technology, services, financial condition, or for any other reason. Their failure to perform could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although we require third-party service providers to have business continuity and disaster recovery plans that are aligned with our plans, such plans may not operate successfully or in a timely manner so as to prevent any such material adverse impact. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by fraud. 
 As a financial institution, we are inherently exposed to risk in the form of theft and other fraudulent activities by employees, customers, or other third parties targeting Webster or Webster s customers or data. Such activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering, and other dishonest acts. Although we devote substantial resources to maintaining effective policies and internal controls to identify and prevent such incidents, given the increasing sophistication of possible perpetrators, we may experience financial losses or reputational harm as a result of fraud. 
 Our internal controls may be ineffective, circumvented, or fail. 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, failure to implement any necessary improvement of controls and procedures, or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to environmental liability risk with respect to properties to which we obtain title. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. In the normal course of business, we may foreclose on and take title of properties securing certain loans, and there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be held liable for remediation costs, including significant investigation and clean-up costs and for personal injury or property damage. In addition, environmental contamination could materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. Although we have policies and procedures to perform environmental reviews prior to lending against or initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. Further, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims based on damages and costs incurred by others due to environmental contamination emanating from the property. These remediation costs and liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses, and customers. 
 There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt our operations, those of our customers, or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. In addition, transitioning to a low-carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technological, and market initiatives. Transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences and additional regulatory requirements or taxes, could increase our expenses and undermine our strategies. Our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our direct or indirect involvement in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to conduct or change our activities in response to managing climate risk. Further, our ability to attract and retain employees may also be harmed if our response to climate change is perceived as ineffective or insufficient. We have developed and continue to enhance processes to assess and monitor the Bank's exposure to climate risk. However, because the timing and impact of climate change have limited predictability, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk 
 Our allowance for credit losses on loans and leases may be insufficient. 
 We maintain an ACL on loans and leases, which is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, that represents management s best estimate of probable credit losses over the life of the loan or lease within our existing portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of ACL on loans and leases inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and trends using existing qualitative and quantitative information and reasonable supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the softening of macroeconomic variables that we are more susceptible to, along with new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problems loans, and other factors, both within and outside our control, may indicate the need for an increase in the ACL on loans and leases. 
 Bank regulatory agencies also periodically review our ACL and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of additional loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the ACL, we may need, depending on an analysis of the adequacy of the ACL, additional provisions to increase the ACL. An increase in the ACL would result in a decrease in net income, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and regulatory capital position. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry in general, have led, and may further lead to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions could expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be impacted if the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument s exposure due to us. Any such losses could materially or adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of default by our counterparties and clients, particularly with respect to certain types of loans. 
 Many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparties or clients. Our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices insufficient to cover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure to us. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of counterparties and clients, including financial statements, credit reports, and other information. We may also rely on representations of those counterparties, clients, or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. The inaccuracy of that information or those representations affects our ability to evaluate the default risk of a counterparty or client accurately and could cause us to enter into unfavorable transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we consider our commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans to be higher risk categories in our loan portfolio because these loans are particularly sensitive to economic conditions. Commercial real estate loans generally have large balances and can be significantly affected by adverse economic conditions that are outside of the borrower s control because payments on such loans typically depend on the successful operation and management of the businesses that hold the loans. In the case of commercial and industrial loans, related collateral often consists of accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment. This type of collateral typically does not yield substantial recovery in the event of foreclosure and may rapidly deteriorate, disappear, or be misdirected in advance of foreclosure. In addition, many of our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship may expose us to significantly greater risk of loss. The risks associated with these types of loans could have a significant negative affect on our earnings in any quarter. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance Risk 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, which may interfere with our ability to conduct our business operations. 
 We are subject to extensive federal and applicable state regulation and supervision, primarily through Webster Bank and certain non-bank subsidiaries. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the safety and soundness of the U.S banking system as a whole, not stockholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continuously review banking laws, regulations, and policies for possible changes, and proposed changes are to be expected from the current presidential administration. Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation thereof, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. For example, such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and restrict what we are able to charge for certain banking services. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil penalties, and reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent these types of violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 
 We face risks related to the adoption of future legislation and potential changes in federal regulatory agency leadership, policies, and priorities. 
 Under the current presidential administration, financial institutions have recently become subject to increased scrutiny and therefore, it is expected that the banking sector will be subject to more extensive legal and regulatory requirements within the next few years than under the prior presidential and congressional regime. In addition, changes in key personnel at the regulatory agencies, including the federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines, including more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than previously. Disagreements between the current congressional regime and the presidential administration on federal budgetary matters, including the debt ceiling, may lead to total or partial government shutdowns, which can create economic instability and negatively affect our business and financial performance. Additionally, a return of recessionary conditions may create the potential for increased regulation, new federal or state laws and regulations regarding lending and funding practices and liquidity standards that could negatively impact Webster Bank s business operations, increase the cost of compliance, and adversely affect profitability. 
 Changes in federal, state, or local tax laws may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 We are subject to changes in tax laws that could increase our effective tax rates or cause an increase or decrease in our income tax liabilities. These law changes may be retroactive to previous periods and as a result, could negatively impact our current and future financial performance. For example, on September 13, 2021, the House Ways and Means Committee released a draft of its proposed tax reform legislation, which includes an increase in the federal corporate tax rate from 21 to 26.5 for corporations earning more than 5 million, and alters selected provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, among other changes. At this time, we are unable to predict whether this change or any other proposed tax law will ultimately be enacted. Additionally, on August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which made several changes to the Internal Revenue Code, including a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain large companies and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks by publicly traded corporations. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these tax law changes. 
 We are subject to examinations and challenges by taxing authorities. 
 We are subject to federal and applicable state and local income tax regulations. Income tax regulations are often complex and require interpretation. In the normal course of business, we are routinely subject to examinations and challenges from federal and applicable state and local taxing authorities regarding the amount of taxes due in connection with investments we have made and the businesses in which we have engaged. Recently, federal and state and local taxing authorities have been increasingly aggressive in challenging tax positions taken by financial institutions. These tax positions may relate to compliance, sales and use, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, property, and income tax issues such as tax base, apportionment, and tax credit planning. The challenges made by taxing authorities may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions, or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions. If any such challenges are made and are not resolved in our favor, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Health care reform could adversely affect our HSA Bank division. 
 The enactment of future health care reform affecting HSAs at the federal or state level may affect our HSA Bank division as a bank custodian of HSAs. We cannot predict if any such reforms will occur, ultimately become law, or if enacted, what the terms or regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws will be. Any health care reform enacted may be phased in over a number of years, but could, with respect to the operations of HSA Bank, reduce revenues, increase costs, and require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business or put us at risk for loss of business. In addition, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by such changes. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risk 
 Difficult conditions or volatility in the U.S. economy and financial markets may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance is highly dependent upon the U.S. economy and strength of its financial markets. Difficult economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The risks associated with our business become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or slow growth. In particular, we could face some of the following risks in connection with a downturn in the U.S. economic and market environment: 
 loss of confidence in the financial services industry and the debt and equity markets by investors, placing pressure on our common share price; 
 decreased consumer and business confidence levels may decrease credit usage and investment or increase in delinquencies and default rates; 
 decreased household or corporate incomes, which could reduce demand for our products and services; 
 decreased value of collateral securing loans to borrowers, causing a decrease in the asset quality of our loan and lease portfolio and/or an increase in charge-offs; 
 decreased confidence in the creditworthiness of the U.S. government and agency securities that we hold; 
 increased concern over and scrutiny of capital and liquidity levels; 
 increased competition or consolidation in the financial services industry; and 
 increased limitations on or potential additional regulation of financial service companies. 
 The U.S. economy and financial markets have experienced volatility in recent years and may continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Robust demand, labor shortages and supply chain constraints had led to persistent inflationary pressures throughout the economy. In response to these inflationary pressures, the FRB has raised benchmark interest rates in recent months and may continue to raise interest rates in response to economic conditions, particularly a continued high rate of inflation. Amidst these uncertainties, financial markets have continued to experience volatility. If financial markets remain volatile or if the aforementioned conditions result in further economic stress or recession, the performance of various segments of our business, including the value of our investment securities portfolio, could be significantly impacted. 
 Inflation rose sharply throughout 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Prolonged periods of inflation may further impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention. If significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. In addition, a prolonged period of inflation could cause an increase in wages and other costs to the Company. These inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer. We continue to closely monitor the pace of inflation and the impacts of inflation on the larger market, including labor and supply chain impacts. 
 Our profitability depends significantly on local economic conditions in the states in which we conduct business. 
 The success of our business also depends on the general economic conditions of the significant markets in which we operate, particularly Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York, and New Jersey. Difficult economic conditions or adverse changes in such local markets, whether caused by inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in housing or securities markets, or other factors, could reduce demand for our loans and deposits, increase problem loans and charge-offs, cause a decline in the value of collateral securing loans, and otherwise negatively affect our performance and financial condition. 
 Changes in interest rates and spreads may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are significantly affected by changes in market interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the FRB. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities, the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities. 
 Increased interest rates may decrease demand for interest-rate based products and services, including loans and deposits, and make it more difficult for borrowers to meet obligations under variable-rate or adjustable-rate loans and other debt instruments. Decreased interest rates often increase prepayments on loans and securities as borrowers refinance their loans to reduce borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are further subject to reinvestment risk to the extent that we cannot reinvest the cash received from such prepayments with interest rates comparable to pre-existing loans and securities. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 In a rising interest rate environment, which has occurred recently, competition for cost-effective deposits increases, making it more costly for the Bank to fund loan growth. Rapid and unexpected volatility in interest rates creates additional uncertainty and potential for adverse financial effects. There can be no assurance that the Bank will not be materially adversely affected by future changes in interest rates. 
 To a large degree, our consolidated earnings are dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned from our interest-earning assets and the interest expense paid on our interest-bearing liabilities. If the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster rate than the yields received on interest-earning assets, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Conversely, earnings could also be adversely affected if the yields received on interest-earning assets fall more quickly than the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Although management believes that it has designed and implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our financial condition and results of operations, interest rates are affected by many factors outside of our control and any unexpected or prolonged period of interest rate changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, our interest rate modeling techniques and assumption may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on net interest income. 
 Changes in our financial condition or in the general banking industry, or changes in interest rates, could result in a loss of depositor confidence. 
 Liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. The Bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. Our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of interest-bearing and non-interest bearing deposits. The continued availability of this supply of deposits depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular, as well as the continued inflow of deposits for new and existing customers. The availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in FDIC insurance, liquidity requirements, healthcare reform etc.), changes in financial condition of the Bank, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. While we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market-related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits. 
 We may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, which could limit our business activities. 
 The Holding Company and the Bank are subject to capital and liquidity requirements and standards imposed as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018, and the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules. Regulators have and may implement changes to these standards. If we fail to meet the minimum capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines and other requirements, our business activities, including lending and our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions, could be limited. It could also result in us being required to take steps to increase our regulatory capital that may be dilutive to stockholders or limit our ability to pay dividends, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets. 
 Our stock price can be volatile. 
 Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for stockholders to resell their common stock when they want and at prices that they find attractive. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in results of operations; 
 recommendations or projections by securities analysts; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 news reports relating to trends, concerns, and other issues in the financial services and healthcare industries; 
 perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and/or our competitors; 
 new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 
 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; 
 changes in dividends and capital returns; 
 issuance of additional shares of Webster common stock; 
 changes in government regulations; and 
 geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts, including any military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 General market fluctuations, including real or anticipated changes in the strength of the economy, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes, credit loss trends, among other factors, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of operating results. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemics in the future, could have a significant negative impact on our business, liquidity, capital, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the COVID-19 virus and the related worldwide response, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business. There are numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the impact of the spread of new and existing variants of the virus, the availability, adoption and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments and containment measures, and the related macroeconomic impacts, including labor shortages, high inflation rates, or other disruptions to the global supply chain. Therefore, we are unable to predict the potential future impact that the COVID 19 pandemic, or future pandemics, will have on our business, liquidity, capital, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The Holding Company may not pay dividends to stockholders if it is not able to receive dividends from its subsidiary, Webster Bank. 
 The Holding Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from our banking and non-banking subsidiaries. A substantial portion of the Holding Company s revenues comes from dividends paid by the Bank. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends to common and preferred stockholders. Whether the Bank is able to pay dividends depends on its ability to generate sufficient net income and meet certain regulatory requirements, and the amount of such dividends may then be limited by federal and state laws. In the event the Bank is unable to pay the Holding Company dividends, we may not be able to pay dividends to our common and preferred stockholders. 
 Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially impact how we report our financial results. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to understanding how we record and report our results of operations and financial condition. Accordingly, we exercise judgment in selecting and applying these accounting policies and methods so they comply with GAAP. The FASB, SEC, and other regulatory bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards, or the interpretation of those standards, that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be hard to predict, and could materially impact how we report our results of operations and financial condition. We could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, which may result in us having to restate our prior period financial statements by material amounts. 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 
 The preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, and the accompanying Notes thereto, in conformity with GAAP requires management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain, which include assumptions and estimates of current risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions and estimates. Because of the inherent uncertainty of estimates involved in preparing our financial statements, we may be required to significantly adjust the financial statements as actual events unfold, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Material estimates subject to change include, among other items, the allowance for credit losses, the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets, the fair value estimates of certain assets and liabilities, and the realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 A significant merger or acquisition requires us to make estimates, including the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities. 
 GAAP requires us to record the assets and liabilities of an acquired business to their fair values at the time of the acquisition. With larger transactions, such as our recent merger with Sterling, fair value and other estimations can take up to four quarters to finalize. These estimates, and their revisions, can have a substantial effect on the presentation of our financial condition and operating results after the transaction closes. In addition, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, is recorded as goodwill. If the estimates that we have used at any financial statement date are significantly revised in the future, there could be a material negative impact on our goodwill or other acquisition-related intangibles and our results of operations for the period in which the revisions are made. 
 If our goodwill were determined to be impaired, it could have a negative impact on our profitability. 
 GAAP requires that goodwill be tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on at least an annual basis or more frequently upon the occurrence of a triggering event. An impairment loss is to be recognized if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. A significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a continued period of local and national economic disruption, changes to financial markets, slower growth rates, or other external factors, all of which can be highly unpredictable, may impact fair value calculations and require us to recognize an impairment loss in the future. Such impairment loss may be significant and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated or at all, and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We invest in certain tax-advantaged investments that support qualified affordable housing projects and other community development initiatives. Our investments in these projects rely on the ability of the projects to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits and other tax benefits. We face the risk that tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing authorities based on compliance with relevant requirements at the project level, may not be able to be realized. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits associated with a particular project depends on many factors that are outside of our control. A project s failure to realize these tax credits and other tax benefits may have a negative impact on our investment, and as a result, on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Strategic Risk 
 We may encounter significant difficulties in integrating with Sterling and may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Although the Company consummated its merger with Sterling on January 31, 2022, we expect further integration of systems, operations, and personnel over the next several years. While many integration milestones have been achieved, important integration steps, such as the core bank conversion, remain to be completed. 
 The successful integration of Webster and Sterling will depend, in part, on our ability to combine and manage the businesses of Webster and Sterling in a manner that permits growth opportunities, including enhanced revenues and revenue synergies, operating efficiencies, and an expanded market reach, while not materially disrupting the existing customer relationships of Webster or Sterling, which would result in decreased revenues due to loss of customers. If we do not successfully achieve these objectives, or if we have failed to estimate the anticipated benefits of the merger accurately, the anticipated benefits may not be fully realized or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Failure to achieve or delays in achieving these anticipated benefits could also result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management s time and energy, and could have an adverse effect on the combined company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, it is possible that the integration process could disrupt of our ongoing business or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies that affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees. 
 We will continue to incur substantial expenses related to the merger and integration with Sterling. 
 The Company has incurred and will continue to incur significant, non-recurring costs in connection with the Sterling merger, as there are processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies, and systems that still need to be integrated or decommissioned. In addition, the merger may increase the Company's compliance and legal risks, including increased litigation or regulatory actions such as fines or restrictions, related to business practices or operations of the combined business. 
 Although we have planned to incur a certain level of expenses for integration, many factors beyond our control could affect the total amount or timing of integration expenses. Further, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by nature, difficult to estimate accurately and could exceed the anticipated cost savings that the Company expects to achieve. Overall, the amount and timing of future charges to earnings as a result of the merger and integration with Sterling remains uncertain, and the expected benefits realized may not offset the transaction costs over time. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 
 On occasion, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Further, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people, and the loss of key employees or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing may disrupt relationships with customers and adversely impact our business. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain skilled people, including executives, managers, and other key employees with the skills and know-how necessary to run our business. The failure to attract or retain talented executives, managers, and employees with diverse backgrounds and experiences, or the loss of certain executives, managers, and key employees, could have a material adverse impact on our business. These risks may be heightened when U.S. labor markets, or segments of those markets, are especially competitive. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Competition for the best people in most activities in which we engage can be intense, and we may not be able to hire sufficiently skilled people or retain them. The recent transition towards companies offering remote and hybrid work environments, which is expected to endure, as well as our workplace policies (or perceptions of those policies by current and potential employees), including policies with respect to remote and hybrid work, could impact our ability to attract and retain talent with the necessary skills and experience. In addition, the transition to remote and hybrid work environments may exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining skilled employees because job markets may be less constrained by physical geography. The unexpected loss of services of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on the business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, years of industry experience, and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 Further, our business is primarily relationship-driven, in that many of our key employees have extensive customer relationships. The loss of a key employee with such customer relationships may lead to the loss of business if the customers were to follow that employee to a competitor or otherwise choose to transition to another financial services provider. While we believe that our relationships with key personnel are good, we cannot guarantee that all of our key personnel will remain with our organization. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and market area. 
 We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, both within and beyond our financial markets, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources than we do. Such traditional competitors primarily include national, regional, community, and internet banks within the various markets in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including savings and loans, credit unions, non-bank health savings account trustees, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, online lenders, factoring companies, and other financial intermediaries. Some of these organizations are not subject to the same degree of regulation that is imposed on bank holding companies and federally insured depository institutions, which may give them greater flexibility in accessing funding and providing various services. Moreover, organizations that are larger than we are may be able to achieve greater economies of scale or offer a broader range of products and services, or better pricing on products and services, than what we can offer. 
 The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative and regulatory changes, and continued consolidation. In addition, as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve, technology has lowered barriers to entry and has made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. The financial services industry also faces increasing competitive pressure from the introduction of disruptive new technologies, such as blockchain and digital payments, often by non-traditional competitors and financial technology companies. Among other things, technology and other changes are allowing customers to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks at one or both ends of the transaction. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 the ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service, high ethical standards, and safe, sound assets; 
 the ability to expand our market position; 
 the scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands; 
 the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 
 customer satisfaction with our level of service and products; and 
 industry and general economic trends. 
 Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, and in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to keep pace with and adapt to technological change could adversely impact our business. 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. These new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies currently used in our products and services. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements because of their larger size and available capital. Developing or acquiring new technologies and incorporating them into our products and services may require significant investment, take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. We cannot predict which technological developments or innovations will become widely adopted or how those technologies may be regulated. We also may not be able to effectively market new technology-driven products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with and adapt to technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The loss of key partnerships could adversely affect our HSA Bank division. 
 Our HSA Bank division relies on partnerships with various health insurance carriers and other partners to maximize our distribution model. In particular, health plan partners who provide high deductible health plan options are a significant source of new and existing HSA holders. If these health plan partners or other partners choose to align with our competitors or develop their own solutions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company's corporate headquarters is located in Stamford, Connecticut. This leased facility houses the Company s primary executive and administrative functions, and serves as the principal banking headquarters of the Bank. Additional corporate functions are housed in an owned facility in Waterbury, Connecticut, and in leased facilities in Southington, Hartford, and New Haven, Connecticut; Providence, Rhode Island; Boston, Massachusetts; Jericho, White Plains, and New York, New York; and Paramus, New Jersey. The Company considers its properties to be suitable and adequate for its current business needs. 
 Commercial Banking maintains offices across a geographic footprint that ranges from Massachusetts to California. Premises are located in Boston, Massachusetts; Westerly, Rhode Island; Conshohocken, and Radnor, Pennsylvania; Baltimore, and Columbia, Maryland; Chicago, Illinois; Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; and Laguna Niguel, and Ladera Ranch, California. 
 HSA Bank is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with a leased office in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. 
 Consumer Banking operates a distribution network that consists of 201 banking centers: 
 Location Leased Owned Total Connecticut 62 34 96 Massachusetts 9 9 18 Rhode Island 5 3 8 New York 39 40 79 Total 115 86 201 
 Additional information regarding the Company's owned facilities and leased locations can be found within Note 6: Premises and Equipment and Note 7: Leasing, respectively, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information regarding legal proceedings can be found within Note 23: Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 The Company's common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol WBS. At February 28, 2023, there were 8,217 holders of record, as determined by Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., the Company's transfer agent. 
 Information regarding dividend restrictions can be found under the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation" in Part I - Item 1. Business and within Note 14: Regulatory Capital and Restrictions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no unregistered securities sold by the Company during the three year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information with respect to any purchase of equity securities for the Company s common stock made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Amount Available for Purchase Under the Plans or Programs (3) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 75,610 46.20 62,546 401,340,164 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 770 53.28 401,340,164 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 633 46.80 401,340,164 Total 77,013 46.27 62,546 401,340,164 
 (1) Out of the total shares purchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022, 14,467 shares were acquired at market prices outside of the Company's common stock repurchase program and related to employee share-based compensation plan activity. 
 (2) The average price paid per share is calculated on a trade date basis and excludes commissions and other transaction costs. 
 (3) The Company maintains a common stock repurchase program, which was approved by the Board of Directors on October 24, 2017, that authorizes management to purchase shares of Webster common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any adopted predetermined trading plan, subject to the availability and trading price of stock, general market conditions, alternative uses for capital, regulatory considerations, and the Company's financial performance. On April 27, 2022, the Board of Directors increased the Company's authority to repurchase shares of Webster common stock under the repurchase program by 600.0 million in shares. This existing repurchase program will remain in effect until fully utilized or until modified, superseded, or terminated. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The performance graph compares the yearly percentage change in the Company's cumulative total stockholder return on its common stock over the last five years to the cumulative total return of (i) the Standard Poor s 500 Index (S P 500 Index) and (ii) the Keefe, Bruyette Woods Regional Banking Index (KRX Index), assuming the reinvestment of dividends and an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017. The KRX Index is a market-capitalization weighted index comprised of 50 regional banks or thrifts located throughout the United States. 
 Cumulative total stockholder return is measured by dividing the sum of the cumulative amount of dividends for the measurement period, assuming dividend reinvestment, and the difference between the share price at the end and the beginning of the measurement period, by the share price at the beginning of the measurement period. The plotted points represent the cumulative total stockholder return on the last trading day of the year indicated. Historical performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 Period Ending December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Webster Financial Corporation 100 90 100 83 113 99 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 192 157 KRX Index 100 83 102 93 128 119 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is necessary to understand the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. This information should be read in conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, and the accompanying Notes thereto, contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, as well as other information set forth throughout this report. For discussion and analysis of the Company's 2021 results, as compared to 2020, refer to Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. The Company's financial condition and operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, are not necessarily indicative of the financial condition or operating results that may be attained in future periods. 
 Executive Overview 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 On January 31, 2022, Webster completed its merger with Sterling in an all-stock transaction valued at 5.2 billion. The merger expanded the Company's geographic footprint and combined two complementary organizations to create one of the largest commercial banks in the northeastern U.S. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 71.3 billion in total assets, 49.8 billion in loans and leases, and 54.0 billion in total deposits, and operated 201 banking centers throughout southern New England and metro and suburban New York. In addition, on February 18, 2022, Webster acquired 100 of the equity interests of Bend, a cloud-based platform solution provider for HSAs, in exchange for cash. The Bend acquisition accelerated the Company s efforts underway to deliver enhanced user experiences at HSA Bank. Financial results for historical reporting periods reflect only the results of the Company's operations prior to the corresponding merger or acquisition. 
 The successful integration of Webster s and Sterling s operations depends on the Company s ability to successfully consolidate business operations, management teams, corporate cultures, operating systems, and controls procedures, and eliminate costs and redundancies. At December 31, 2022, noteworthy accomplishments include: (i) the rebranding of branches and digital assets, (ii) the coordination of credit policies and procedures, (iii) the selection of key operating systems, (iv) the consolidation of cloud data centers, commercial credit risk management systems and commercial client pricing tools, as well as mortgage servicing, payroll, and treasury platforms, (v) the completed transfer of consumer wealth and investment services operations to a third-party provider, (vi) the finalization of governance and executive management structures, (vii) the establishment of a corporate responsibility office to oversee community engagement, philanthropy, and sustainability, and (viii) Company-wide participation at culture-shaping workshops. Other key operating systems and process integration activities are ongoing, and the Company remains well-positioned to successfully execute its core conversion targeted for mid-2023. 
 In addition, the Company developed and launched a corporate real estate consolidation strategy during the second quarter of 2022 in which the Company arranged to close 14 locations, primarily throughout New York and Connecticut, in order to reduce its corporate facility square footage by approximately 45 by the end of the year. The Company successfully completed its corporate real estate consolidation strategy in 2022, as planned. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 23.1 million in ROU asset impairment charges and a combined 12.3 million in related exit costs and accelerated depreciation on property and equipment related to this corporate real estate consolidation strategy. 
 On December 5, 2022, Webster announced its plans to acquire interLINK, a technology-enabled deposit management platform that administers over 9 billion of deposits from FDIC-insured cash sweep programs between banks and broker/dealers and clearing firms. The purpose of the acquisition is to provide the Company with access to a unique source of core deposit funding and scalable liquidity and adds another technology-enabled channel to the Company s already differentiated, omnichannel deposit gathering capabilities. The Company's acquisition of interLINK closed on January 11, 2023. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's mergers and acquisitions can be found within Note 2: Mergers and Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 LIBOR Transition 
 The Company established a LIBOR transition plan in 2019 commensurate with identified LIBOR transition risks and exposures, which is aligned with regulatory guidance and ARRC best practices. Management continues to execute according to its LIBOR transition plan, addressing emerging issues and risks as they arise, while closely monitoring legislative and regulatory guidance associated with the LIBOR transition. 
 Accordingly, the Company has set up a governance structure to ensure risks and issues are appropriately discussed and resolved. This involves a senior management level Working Group that meets monthly, an executive management level Steering Committee that meets quarterly, and regular updates to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Working Group, along with a transition and project manager, direct the execution of the transition activities on a day-to-day basis. The Company has also engaged an external consultant through June 30, 2023, to assist with legacy LIBOR contract remediation, as well as provide subject matter advisory and market guidance. In addition, the Company has established bi-weekly sessions to address colleague questions and provide additional SOFR-related information and insights. 
 The Company adopted the Term SOFR rate and related conventions associated with the product line as the LIBOR replacement index and implemented the ARRC recommended fallback language for impacted contracts, as well as the recommended spread adjustments for legacy loans and/or derivative products. The Company began offering SOFR-based loans and derivatives to its customers in October 2021, and both Webster and Sterling had achieved SOFR readiness by the December 31, 2021, regulatory deadline, prior to the merger. As of January 1, 2022, the Company no longer originated new contracts using any LIBOR index, as defined by regulatory guidance. 
 Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, management completed several of its key transition plan milestones, including but not limited to: an assessment of system readiness through user acceptance testing, the distribution of training materials to relationship managers on fallback rates and conventions, the development of operational procedures for the actual transitioning of LIBOR contracts to SOFR post-June 2023, and the deployment of contract remediation. A Contract Remediation SharePoint site has been established for Commercial Bank colleagues to assist with the tracking of contract remediation for LIBOR-based loans maturing post June 30, 2023. In order to identify the population of LIBOR exposures subject to contract remediation, parallel reporting was established. Management continues to pursue system upgrades to expand SOFR conventions (e.g., SOFR in-arrears) available to clients by collaborating with third-party vendors. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company's main focus is on the remediation of legacy LIBOR contracts, the integration of legacy Webster and Sterling systems and processes, monitoring and responding to market developments, and addressing regulatory and accounting requirements. The Company will execute its actual transition of remaining legacy LIBOR contracts to SOFR at the first rate reset date after June 30, 2023. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes selected financial highlights and key performance indicators: 
 At or for the years ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Income and performance ratios: Net income 644,283 408,864 220,621 Net income available to common stockholders 628,364 400,989 212,746 Earnings per diluted common share 3.72 4.42 2.35 Return on average assets 0.99 1.19 0.68 Return on average tangible common stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) 13.34 15.35 8.66 Return on average common stockholders' equity 8.44 12.56 6.97 Non-interest income as a percentage of total revenue 17.81 26.41 24.24 Asset quality: ACL on loans and leases 594,741 301,187 359,431 Non-performing assets (1) 
 206,136 112,590 170,314 ACL on loans and leases / total loans and leases 1.20 1.35 1.66 Net charge-offs / average loans and leases 0.15 0.02 0.21 Non-performing loans and leases / total loans and leases (1) 
 0.41 0.49 0.78 Non-performing assets / total loans and leases plus OREO (1) 
 0.41 0.51 0.79 ACL on loans and leases / non-performing loans and leases (1) 
 291.84 274.36 213.94 Other ratios: Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 7.38 7.97 7.90 Tier 1 risk-based capital 11.23 12.32 11.99 Total risk-based capital 13.25 13.64 13.59 CET1 risk-based capital 10.71 11.72 11.35 Stockholders' equity / total assets 11.30 9.85 9.92 Net interest margin 3.49 2.84 3.00 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 43.42 56.16 59.57 Equity and share related: Common equity 7,772,207 3,293,288 3,089,588 Book value per common share 44.67 36.36 34.25 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) 29.07 30.22 28.04 Common stock closing price 47.34 55.84 42.15 Dividends and equivalents declared per common share 1.60 1.60 1.60 Common shares issued and outstanding 174,008 90,584 90,199 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic 167,452 89,983 89,967 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted 167,547 90,206 90,151 
 (1) Non-performing asset balances and related asset quality ratios exclude the impact of net unamortized (discounts)/premiums and net unamortized deferred (fees)/costs on loans and leases. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures identified in the preceding table provide both management and investors with information useful in understanding the Company's financial position, results of operations, the strength of its capital position, and overall business performance. These measures are used by management for internal planning and forecasting purposes, as well as by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties to assess peer company operating performance. Management believes that this presentation, together with the accompanying reconciliations, provides a complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the Company's business and allows investors to view its performance in a similar manner. 
 Tangible book value per common share represents stockholders equity less preferred stock and goodwill and other intangible assets (tangible common equity) divided by common shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period. The tangible common equity ratio represents tangible common equity divided by total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets (tangible assets). Both of these measures are used by management to evaluate the Company's capital position. The annualized return on average tangible common stockholders' equity is calculated using net income available to common stockholders, adjusted for the annualized tax-effected amortization of intangible assets, as a percentage of average tangible common equity. This measure is used by management to assess the Company's performance against its peer financial institutions. The efficiency ratio, which represents the costs expended to generate a dollar of revenue, is calculated excluding certain non-operational items in order to measure how well the Company is managing its recurring operating expenses. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for GAAP basis financial measures. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare these with other companies that present financial measures having the same or similar names. 
 The following tables reconcile non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial measures defined by GAAP: 
 At December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Tangible book value per common share: Stockholders' equity 8,056,186 3,438,325 3,234,625 Less: Preferred stock 283,979 145,037 145,037 Goodwill and other intangible assets 2,713,446 556,242 560,756 Tangible common stockholders' equity 5,058,761 2,737,046 2,528,832 Common shares outstanding 174,008 90,584 90,199 Tangible book value per common share 29.07 30.22 28.04 Tangible common equity ratio: Tangible common stockholders' equity 5,058,761 2,737,046 2,528,832 Total assets 71,277,521 34,915,599 32,590,690 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets 2,713,446 556,242 560,756 Tangible assets 68,564,075 34,359,357 32,029,934 Tangible common equity ratio 7.38 7.97 7.90 
 For the years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Return on average tangible common stockholders' equity: Net income 644,283 408,864 220,621 Less: Preferred stock dividends 15,919 7,875 7,875 Add: Intangible assets amortization, tax-affected 25,233 3,565 3,286 Income adjusted for preferred stock dividends and intangible assets amortization 653,597 404,554 216,032 Average stockholders' equity 7,721,488 3,338,764 3,198,491 Less: Average preferred stock 272,179 145,037 145,037 Average goodwill and other intangible assets 2,548,254 558,462 560,226 Average tangible common stockholders' equity 4,901,055 2,635,265 2,493,228 Return on average tangible common stockholders' equity 13.34 15.35 8.66 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Efficiency ratio: Non-interest expense 1,396,473 745,100 758,946 Less: Foreclosed property activity (906) (535) (1,504) Intangible assets amortization 31,940 4,513 4,160 Operating lease depreciation 8,193 Merger-related 246,461 37,454 Strategic initiatives (3,032) 7,168 43,051 Common stock contribution to charitable foundation 10,500 Other expense (1) 
 2,526 Non-interest expense 1,103,317 693,974 713,239 Net interest income 2,034,286 901,089 891,393 Add: FTE adjustment 47,128 9,813 10,246 Non-interest income 440,783 323,372 285,277 Other income (2) 
 22,887 1,344 10,371 Less: Operating lease depreciation 8,193 (Loss) gain on sale of investment securities, net (6,751) 8 Gain on extinguishment of borrowings 2,548 Income 2,541,094 1,235,618 1,197,279 Efficiency ratio 43.42 56.16 59.57 
 (1) Other expense (non-GAAP) includes debt prepayments costs in 2021. 
 (2) Other income (non-GAAP) includes the taxable equivalent of net income generated from LIHTC investments for all periods presented and a 5.5 million discrete customer derivative fair value adjustment in 2020. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the Company's primary source of revenue, representing 82.2 , and 73.6 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Net interest income is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets (i.e., loans and leases and investment securities) and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities (i.e., deposits and borrowings), which are used to fund interest-earning assets and other activities. Net interest margin is calculated as the ratio of FTE net interest income to average interest-earning assets. 
 Net interest income, net interest margin, yields, and ratios on a FTE basis are considered non-GAAP financial measures, and are used by management to evaluate the comparability of the Company's revenue arising from both taxable and non-taxable sources. FTE adjustments are determined assuming a statutory federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 Net interest income and net interest margin are influenced by the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, changes in interest rate levels, re-pricing frequencies, contractual maturities, prepayment behavior, and the use of interest rate derivative financial instruments. These factors are affected by changes in economic conditions which impacts monetary policies, competition for loans and deposits, as well as the extent of interest lost on non-performing assets. 
 Net interest income increased 1.1 billion, or 125.8 , from 0.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. On a FTE basis, net interest income increased 1.2 billion from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022. Net interest margin increased 65 basis points from 2.84 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 3.49 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases, which include net purchase accounting accretion from loans and leases, investment securities, time deposits, and long-term debt acquired/assumed from Sterling, are primarily attributed to the merger, as well as the impact from the higher interest rate environment. 
 Average total interest-earning assets increased 26.9 billion, or 83.3 , from 32.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 59.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases of 22.2 billion and 5.3 billion in average loans and leases and average total investment securities, respectively, partially offset by a 0.8 billion decrease in average interest-bearing deposits held at the FRB. The average yield on interest-earning assets increased 94 basis points from 2.97 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 3.91 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increases in average total interest-earnings assets and the average yield on interest-earning assets were both impacted by the Sterling merger and the higher interest rate environment. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Average loans and leases increased 22.2 billion, or 102.7 , from 21.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 43.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, as well as organic loan growth across the commercial non-mortgage, commercial real estate, and residential mortgage loan categories. These increases were partially offset by net paydowns, commercial portfolio loan sales, the forgiveness of PPP loans, net attrition in home equity balances, and the continued run-off of consumer Lending Club loans. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average loans and leases comprised 73.9 and 66.9 of average total interest-earning assets, respectively. The average yield on loans and leases increased 95 basis points from 3.55 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 4.50 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a higher yield on the loans and leases acquired from Sterling, net purchase accounting accretion, and higher interest rates. 
 Average total investment securities increased 5.3 billion, or 57.4 , from 9.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 14.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, as well as the deployment of excess Company liquidity. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average total investment securities comprised 24.6 and 28.6 of average total interest-earning assets, respectively. The average yield on investment securities increased 28 basis points from 2.03 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2.31 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the reinvestment of maturing securities at higher yields. 
 Average interest-bearing deposits held at the FRB decreased 0.8 billion, or 56.7 , from 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 0.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to excess customer liquidity in 2021 as a result of government stimulus and reduced spending. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average interest-bearing deposits comprised 1.01 and 4.27 of average total interest-earning assets, respectively. The average yield on interest-bearing deposits increased 148 basis points from 0.14 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 1.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 Average total interest-bearing liabilities increased 25.4 billion, or 83.6 , from 30.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 55.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases of 22.6 billion, 1.9 billion, 0.6 billion, and 0.5 billion in average total deposits, average FHLB advances, average federal funds purchased, and average long-term debt, respectively. The average rate on interest-bearing liabilities increased 31 basis points from 0.14 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 0.45 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the impact of the higher interest rate environment and the overall mix of funding sources. 
 Average total deposits increased 22.6 billion, or 77.3 , from 29.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 51.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting increases of 6.0 billion and 16.6 billion in non-interest-bearing deposits and interest-bearing deposits, respectively. The overall increase in deposits was primarily due to the merger with Sterling, as well as the strong liquidity position of consumer and commercial customers, and HSA growth. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average total deposits comprised 92.7 and 96.0 of average total interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. The average rate on deposits increased 20 basis points from 0.07 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 0.27 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the higher interest rate environment, which was partially offset by the run-off of time deposits. Average time deposits as a percentage of average total interest-bearing deposits decreased from 9.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 7.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to customer preferences to hold more liquid deposit products. 
 Average FHLB advances increased 1.9 billion from 0.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the Company's short-term funding needs. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average FHLB advances comprised 3.5 and 0.4 of total average interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. The average rate on FHLB advances increased 140 basis points from 1.58 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2.98 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to higher interest rates on short-term borrowings. 
 Average federal funds purchased increased 582.3 million from 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 598.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the Company's short-term funding needs. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average federal funds purchased comprised 1.1 and 0.1 of total average interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. The average rate on federal funds purchased increased 250 basis points from 0.08 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2.58 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to higher overnight interest rates. 
 Average long-term debt increased 0.5 billion, or 82.5 , from 0.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, average long-term debt comprised 1.8 and 1.9 of total average interest-bearing liabilities, respectively. The average rate on long-term debt increased 22 basis points from 3.22 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 3.44 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the subordinated notes assumed from Sterling. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes daily average balances, interest, and average yield/rate by major category, and net interest margin on a FTE basis: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Loans and leases (1) 
 43,751,112 1,967,761 4.50 21,584,872 765,682 3.55 21,385,702 792,929 3.71 Investment securities: (2) 
 Taxable 12,067,294 295,158 2.36 8,507,766 155,902 1.88 7,899,801 186,237 2.43 Non-taxable 2,461,428 50,442 2.05 720,977 27,728 3.85 747,521 28,914 3.88 Total investment securities 14,528,722 345,600 2.31 9,228,743 183,630 2.03 8,647,322 215,151 2.56 FHLB and FRB stock 289,595 8,775 3.03 76,015 1,224 1.61 102,943 3,200 3.11 Interest-bearing deposits (3) 
 596,912 9,651 1.62 1,379,081 1,875 0.14 93,011 246 0.26 Loans held for sale 9,842 78 0.80 10,705 246 2.30 25,902 769 2.97 Total interest-earning assets 59,176,183 2,331,865 3.91 32,279,416 952,657 2.97 30,254,880 1,012,295 3.37 Non-interest-earning assets 5,586,025 1,955,330 2,012,900 Total assets 64,762,208 34,234,746 32,267,780 Liabilities and Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Demand deposits 12,912,894 6,897,464 5,698,399 Health savings accounts 7,826,576 6,315 0.08 7,390,702 5,777 0.08 6,893,996 9,530 0.14 Interest-bearing checking, money market, and savings 28,266,128 115,271 0.41 12,843,843 6,936 0.05 10,689,634 25,248 0.24 Time deposits 2,838,502 16,966 0.60 2,105,809 7,418 0.35 2,760,561 33,119 1.20 Total deposits 51,844,100 138,552 0.27 29,237,818 20,131 0.07 26,042,590 67,897 0.26 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 466,282 3,614 0.78 527,250 3,027 0.57 467,431 2,246 0.48 Federal funds purchased 598,269 15,444 2.58 16,036 13 0.08 720,995 3,330 0.46 Other borrowings (4) 
 1 104,145 365 0.35 FHLB advances 1,965,577 58,557 2.98 108,216 1,708 1.58 730,125 18,767 2.57 Long-term debt (2) 
 1,031,446 34,283 3.44 565,271 16,876 3.22 564,919 18,051 3.45 Total interest-bearing liabilities 55,905,674 250,451 0.45 30,454,591 41,755 0.14 28,630,205 110,656 0.39 Non-interest-bearing liabilities 1,135,046 441,391 439,084 Total liabilities 57,040,720 30,895,982 29,069,289 Preferred stock 272,179 145,037 145,037 Common stockholders' equity 7,449,309 3,193,727 3,053,454 Total stockholders' equity 7,721,488 3,338,764 3,198,491 Total liabilities and equity 64,762,208 34,234,746 32,267,780 Net interest income (FTE) 2,081,414 910,902 901,639 Less: FTE adjustment (47,128) (9,813) (10,246) Net interest income 2,034,286 901,089 891,393 Net interest margin (FTE) 
 3.49 2.84 3.00 
 (1) Non-accrual loans have been included in the computation of average balances. 
 (2) For the purposes of our yield/rate and margin computations, unsettled trades on AFS securities and unrealized gain (loss) balances on AFS securities and de-designated senior fixed-rate notes hedges are excluded. 
 (3) Interest-bearing deposits are a component of cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (4) In 2020, the Federal Reserve extended credit to the Company under the Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility as the Bank was eligible to receive funds as a PPP loan participating lender. The Bank had settled its obligation as of the third quarter of 2020. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the change in net interest income attributable to changes in rate and volume, and reflects net interest income on a FTE basis: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 
 Increase (decrease) due to 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 Increase (decrease) due to 
 (In thousands) Rate (1) 
 Volume Total Rate (1) 
 Volume Total Change in interest on interest-earning assets: Loans and leases 580,849 621,230 1,202,079 (31,491) 4,245 (27,246) Investment securities 67,152 94,818 161,970 (45,245) 13,724 (31,521) FHLB and FRB stock 4,113 3,438 7,551 (1,139) (837) (1,976) Interest-bearing deposits 8,840 (1,064) 7,776 (1,776) 3,405 1,629 Loans held for sale 48 (216) (168) (65) (458) (523) Total interest income 661,002 718,206 1,379,208 (79,716) 20,079 (59,637) Change in interest on interest-bearing liabilities: Health savings accounts 197 341 538 (4,440) 687 (3,753) Interest-bearing checking, money market, and savings 108,272 63 108,335 (23,547) 5,236 (18,311) Time deposits 11,274 (1,726) 9,548 (17,117) (8,584) (25,701) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 937 (350) 587 493 287 780 Federal funds purchased 14,960 471 15,431 (61) (3,256) (3,317) Other borrowings 1 1 (313) (52) (365) FHLB advances 27,530 29,319 56,849 (1,073) (15,986) (17,059) Long-term debt 2,388 15,019 17,407 (1,186) 12 (1,174) Total interest expense 165,559 43,137 208,696 (47,244) (21,656) (68,900) Net change in net interest income 495,443 675,069 1,170,512 (32,472) 41,735 9,263 
 (1) The change attributable to mix, a combined impact of rate and volume, is included with the change due to rate. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses increased 335.1 million, or 614.9 , from a benefit of 54.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to an expense of 280.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily attributed to the establishment of the initial ACL of 175.1 million for non-PCD loans and leases that were acquired from Sterling, as well as organic loan growth and commercial portfolio optimization initiatives. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, total net charge-offs were 67.3 million and 3.8 million, respectively. The 63.5 million increase in net charge-offs is primarily attributed to commercial portfolio optimization initiatives, along with favorable credit performance in 2021, as compared to 2022, as the economy benefited from the support of federal stimulus programs in the prior year. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's provision for credit losses and ACL can be found under the sections captioned "Loans and Leases" through "Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases" contained elsewhere in this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Interest Income Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Deposit service fees 198,472 162,710 156,032 Loan and lease related fees 102,987 36,658 29,127 Wealth and investment services 40,277 39,586 32,916 Mortgage banking activities 705 6,219 18,295 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies 29,237 14,429 14,561 (Loss) gain on sale of investment securities, net (6,751) 8 Other income 75,856 63,770 34,338 Total non-interest income 440,783 323,372 285,277 
 Total non-interest income increased 117.4 million, or 36.3 , from 323.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 440.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in deposit service fees, loan and lease related fees, the cash surrender value of life insurance policies, and other income, the majority of which were primarily driven by the merger with Sterling, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage banking activities and a net loss on sale of investment securities. 
 Deposit service fees increased 35.8 million, or 22.0 , from 162.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 198.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, particularly as it relates to cash management fees, overdraft fees, and service charges, and higher interchange revenue. 
 Loan and lease related fees increased 66.3 million, or 180.9 , from 36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 103.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, and increases in servicing fee income, net of mortgage servicing amortization, prepayment penalties, and line usage and letter of credit fees. 
 Mortgage banking activities decreased 5.5 million, or 88.7 , from 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to lower originations for sale, as the Company continues to execute on its strategic decision to originate residential mortgage loans for investment rather than for sale. 
 The cash surrender value of life insurance policies increased 14.8 million, or 102.6 , from 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 29.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the additional bank-owned life insurance policies acquired in the merger with Sterling. 
 Net loss on sale of investment securities, totaled 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the Company sold 179.7 million of Municipal bonds and notes classified as AFS for proceeds of 172.9 million. There were no sales of investment securities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other income increased 12.1 million, or 19.0 , from 63.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 75.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in other income earned due to the impact of the merger with Sterling, higher income from client interest rate derivative activities, and a net 2.5 million gain on extinguishment of borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in direct investment income. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Interest Expense Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Compensation and benefits 723,620 419,989 428,391 Occupancy 113,899 55,346 71,029 Technology and equipment 186,384 112,831 112,273 Intangible assets amortization 31,940 4,513 4,160 Marketing 16,438 12,051 14,125 Professional and outside services 117,530 47,235 32,424 Deposit insurance 26,574 15,794 18,316 Other expense 180,088 77,341 78,228 Total non-interest expense 1,396,473 745,100 758,946 
 Total non-interest expense increased 651.4 million, or 87.4 , from 745.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, occupancy, technology and equipment, intangible assets amortization, professional and outside services, deposit insurance, and other expense, all of which were primarily driven by the merger with Sterling. 
 Compensation and benefits increased 303.6 million, or 72.3 , from 420.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , to 723.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , primarily due to salaries, bonuses, and incentives related to the increase in employees as a result of the merger with Sterling, and a 65.0 million increase in merger-related expenses, particularly as it relates to severance, retention, and restricted stock awards. 
 Occupancy increased 58.6 million, or 105.8 , from 55.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 113.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the Company's consolidation plan to reduce its corporate facility square footage, which resulted in 23.1 million ROU asset impairment charges and a combined 12.3 million in related exit costs and accelerated depreciation on property and equipment, and an increase in operating lease costs and depreciation related to the acquired Sterling banking centers and corporate offices. 
 Technology and equipment increased 73.6 million, or 65.2 , from 112.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 186.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a 24.4 million increase in merger-related expenses, particularly as it relates to contract termination costs, and an increase in technology and equipment due to the impact of the merger with Sterling. 
 Intangible assets amortization increased 27.4 million, or 607.7 , from 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the additional amortization expense related to the core deposit and customer relationship intangible assets acquired in connection with the Sterling merger and Bend acquisition. 
 Professional and outside services increased 70.3 million, or 148.8 , from 47.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 117.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a 50.8 million increase in merger-related expenses, particularly as it relates to advisory, legal, and consulting fees, and an increase in other professional service costs due to the impact of the merger with Sterling. 
 Deposit insurance increased 10.8 million, or 68.3 , from 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 26.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in the Company's deposit insurance assessment base resulting from the merger with Sterling. 
 Other expense increased 102.8 million, or 132.8 , from 77.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 180.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in other expenses due to the impact of the merger with Sterling, a 32.1 million increase in merger-related expenses, particularly as it relates to disposals of property and equipment and contract termination costs, and a 10.5 million common stock contribution to the Webster Bank Charitable Foundation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 The Company recognized income tax expense of 153.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 125.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting effective tax rates of 19.3 and 23.4 , respectively. 
 The 28.7 million increase in income tax expense is primarily due to an overall higher level of pre-tax income recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, resulting from the impact of the Company's merger with Sterling. The 4.1 point decrease in the effective tax rate from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, primarily reflects the effects of increased tax-exempt income and tax credits in 2022, combined with the impact that the one-time charges incurred by the Company in 2022, had on its pre-tax income for the year, all of which resulted from the Sterling merger. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, also reflects a 9.0 million net deferred SALT benefit associated with the merger with Sterling that was recognized in 2022, including a 9.9 million benefit related to a change in management's estimate about the realizability of the Company's SALT DTAs due to an estimated increase in future taxable income. 
 At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded a valuation allowance on its DTAs of 29.2 million and 37.4 million, respectively. The 29.2 million at December 31, 2022, reflects a reduction of 9.9 million for the change in management's estimate discussed in the paragraph above, and includes a 1.7 million valuation allowance related to the Bend acquisition. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company's gross DTAs included 66.9 million and 64.4 million, respectively, applicable to SALT net operating loss and credit carryforwards that are available to offset future taxable income, generally through 2032. The 66.9 million at December 31, 2022, includes 5.6 million related to the Sterling merger and 1.1 million related to the Bend acquisition. The Company's total gross DTAs at December 31, 2022, also included 4.6 million and 0.6 million, respectively, of federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards related to the Sterling merger and Bend acquisition, which are subject to annual limitations on utilization. 
 The ultimate realization of DTAs is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the net operating loss and credit carryforwards are available. In making its assessment, management considers the Company's forecasted future results of operations, estimates the content and apportionment of its income by legal entity over the near term for SALT purposes, and also applies longer-term growth rate assumptions. Based on its estimates, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize its DTAs, net of the valuation allowance, at December 31, 2022. However, it is possible that some or all of the Company's net operating loss and credit carryforwards could expire unused, or that more net operating loss and credit carryforwards could be utilized than estimated, either as a result of changes in future forecasted levels of taxable income or if future economic or market conditions or interest rates were to vary significantly from the Company's forecasts and, in turn, impact its future results of operations. 
 On August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law. The IRA includes various tax provisions, which are generally effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2023. While the Company is still evaluating these tax law changes, it does not expect them to have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's income taxes, including DTAs, can be found within Note 9: Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Reporting 
 The Company's operations are organized into three reportable segments that represent its primary businesses: Commercial Banking, HSA Bank, and Consumer Banking. These segments reflect how executive management responsibilities are assigned, how discrete financial information is evaluated, the type of customer served, and how products and services are provided. Segments are evaluated using PPNR. Certain Treasury activities, along with the amounts required to reconcile profitability metrics to those reported in accordance with GAAP, are included in the Corporate and Reconciling category. Additional information regarding the Company's reportable segments and its segment reporting methodology can be found within Note 21: Segment Reporting in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Company realigned its investment services operations from Commercial Banking to Consumer Banking (called Retail Banking in 2021) to better serve its customers and deliver operational efficiencies. Under this realignment, 125.4 million of deposits and 4.3 billion of assets under administration (off-balance sheet) were reassigned from Commercial Banking to Consumer Banking. The Company also realigned certain product management and customer contact center operations from both Commercial Banking and Consumer Banking to the Corporate and Reconciling category, which resulted in an insignificant reassignment of assets and liabilities. 
 There was no goodwill reallocation nor goodwill impairment as a result of these realignments. In addition, the non-interest expense allocation methodology was modified to exclude certain overhead and merger-related costs that are not directly related to segment performance. Prior period balance sheet information and results of operations have been recast accordingly to reflect these realignments. 
 The following is a description of the Company s three reportable segments and their primary services: 
 Commercial Banking serves businesses with more than 2 million of revenue through its Commercial Real Estate and Equipment Finance, Middle Market, Business Banking, Asset-Based Lending and Commercial Services, Public Sector Finance, Mortgage Warehouse, Sponsor and Specialty Finance, Verticals and Support, Private Banking, and Treasury Management business units. 
 HSA Bank offers a comprehensive consumer-directed healthcare solution that includes HSAs, health reimbursement arrangements, flexible spending accounts, and commuter benefits. HSAs are used in conjunction with high deductible health plans in order to facilitate tax advantages for account holders with respect to health care spending and savings, in accordance with applicable laws. HSAs are distributed nationwide directly to employers and individual consumers, as well as through national and regional insurance carriers, benefit consultants, and financial advisors. HSA Bank deposits provide long duration, low-cost funding that is used to minimize the Company s use of wholesale funding in support of its loan growth. In addition, non-interest revenue is generated predominantly through service fees and interchange income. 
 Consumer Banking serves individual customers and small businesses with less than 2 million of revenues by offering consumer deposits, residential mortgages, home equity lines, secured and unsecured loans, debit and credit card products, and investment services. Consumer Banking operates a distribution network consisting of 201 banking centers and 352 ATMs, a customer care center, and a full range of web and mobile-based banking services, primarily throughout southern New England and the New York Metro and Suburban markets. 
 Effective as of the fourth quarter of 2022, the presentation of Consumer Banking's operating results was impacted by the restructuring of a process by which the Company offers brokerage, investment advisory, and certain insurance-related services to customers. The staff providing these services, which had previously been employees of the Bank, are now employees of a third-party service provider. As a result, the Company now recognizes income from this program on a net basis, which thereby reduces gross reported non-interest income and corresponding compensation non-interest expense. This restructuring did not have a significant net impact on 2022 PPNR, nor is it expected to have a significant net impact on PPNR in future periods. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Banking 
 Operating Results: Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 1,346,384 585,297 512,691 Non-interest income 171,437 83,538 66,867 Non-interest expense 398,100 192,977 181,218 Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue 1,119,721 475,858 398,340 
 Commercial Banking's PPNR increased 643.9 million, or 135.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to increases in both net interest income and non-interest income, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense, all of which were primarily driven by the merger with Sterling. The 761.1 million increase in net interest income is primarily attributed to the loan and deposit balances acquired from Sterling, organic loan growth, and the impact of the higher interest rate environment. The 87.9 million increase in non-interest income is primarily attributed to an increase in fee income due to the merger with Sterling, and higher loan fee income and interest rate derivative activities. The 205.1 million increase in non-interest expense is primarily attributed to an increase in expenses incurred as it relates to the acquired Sterling commercial business, and costs to support loan and deposit growth. 
 Selected Balance Sheet and Off-Balance Sheet Information: At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Loans and leases 40,115,067 15,209,515 Deposits 19,563,227 9,519,362 Assets under administration / management (off-balance sheet) 2,258,635 2,869,385 
 Loans and leases increased 24.9 billion, or 163.7 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, as well as organic growth within the commercial real estate and the commercial non-mortgage categories. Total portfolio originations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were 14.7 billion and 5.7 billion, respectively. The 9.0 billion increase was primarily attributed to the merger with Sterling, along with increased commercial non-mortgage and commercial real estate originations. 
 Deposits increased 10.0 billion, or 105.5 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the merger with Sterling. 
 Commercial Banking held 0.6 billion and 0.8 billion in assets under administration and 1.7 billion and 2.1 billion in assets under management at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The combined decrease of 0.6 billion, or 21.3 , was primarily due to lower valuations in the equity markets and client investment outflows during 2022. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 HSA Bank 
 Operating Results: Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 218,149 168,595 162,363 Non-interest income 104,586 102,814 100,826 Non-interest expense 151,329 134,258 133,919 Pre-tax net revenue 171,406 137,151 129,270 
 HSA Bank's pre-tax net revenue increased 34.3 million, or 25.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to increases in both net interest income and non-interest income, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense. The 49.6 million increase in net interest income is primarily attributed to an increase in the net interest rate spread on deposits and overall deposit growth. The 1.8 million increase in non-interest income is primarily attributed to higher interchange income from increased debit card spending. The 17.1 million increase in non-interest expense is primarily attributed to an increase in expenses incurred as it pertains to the Bend acquired business, as well as increases in base and incentive compensation, temporary help, travel and entertainment, and consulting expenses. 
 Selected Balance Sheet and Off-Balance Sheet Information: At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Deposits 7,944,919 7,397,997 Assets under administration, through linked brokerage accounts (off-balance sheet) 3,393,832 3,718,610 
 Deposits increased 546.9 million, or 7.4 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in the number of account holders and organic deposit growth, which was partially offset by a decrease in third party administrator deposits. HSA deposits accounted for approximately 14.7 and 24.8 of the Company's total consolidated deposits at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, with the lower mix in 2022 driven by the inflow of deposits as a result of the merger with Sterling. 
 Assets under administration, through linked brokerage accounts, decreased 324.8 million, or 8.7 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to lower valuations in the equity markets during 2022, which was partially offset by additional account holders and balances from the acquisition of Bend. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer Banking 
 Operating Results: Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 720,789 375,318 334,157 Non-interest income 119,691 95,887 97,778 Non-interest expense 426,133 297,217 334,008 Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue 414,347 173,988 97,927 
 Consumer Banking's PPNR increased 240.4 million, or 138.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to increases in both net interest income and non-interest income, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense, all of which were primarily driven by the merger with Sterling. The 345.5 million increase in net interest income is primarily attributed to the loan and deposit balances acquired from Sterling, organic loan growth, and the impact of the higher interest rate environment. The 23.8 million increase in non-interest income is primarily attributed to an increase in fee income due to the merger with Sterling, and increased deposit and loan servicing fees, partially offset by lower net investment services income and mortgage banking activities. The 128.9 million increase in non-interest expense is primarily attributed to an increase in expenses incurred as it relates to the acquired Sterling consumer business, partially offset by lower compensation and occupancy expenses. 
 Selected Balance Sheet Information: At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Loans 9,624,465 7,062,182 Deposits 23,609,941 12,926,302 Assets under administration (off-balance sheet) 7,872,397 4,332,901 
 Loans increased 2.6 billion, or 36.3 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the merger with Sterling and growth in residential mortgages, partially offset by the forgiveness of PPP loans, net attrition in home equity balances, and the continued run-off of consumer Lending Club loans. Total portfolio originations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were 2.8 billion and 3.2 billion, respectively. The 0.4 billion decrease was primarily attributed to increased market rates, which resulted in lower residential mortgage refinancing activities, in addition to the cessation of PPP loan originations in May 2021, partially offset by increased residential mortgage originations. 
 Deposits increased 10.7 billion, or 82.7 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, partially offset by net outflows in customer checking account balances. 
 Assets under administration increased 3.6 billion, or 81.7 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, partially offset by lower valuations in the equity markets during 2022. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 Total assets increased 36.4 billion, or 104.1 , from 34.9 billion at December 31, 2021, to 71.3 billion at December 31, 2022. The change in total assets was primarily attributed to the following, which experienced changes greater than one billion dollars: 
 Total investment securities, net increased 4.1 billion, reflecting increases of 3.7 billion and 0.4 billion in the AFS and HTM portfolios, respectively, primarily due to 4.4 billion of investment securities acquired from Sterling in the merger, all of which were classified as AFS based on Webster's intent at closing, and purchases exceeding paydown activities, partially offset by an increase in net unrealized losses within the AFS portfolio. 
 Loans and leases increased 27.5 billion, reflecting increases of 24.9 billion and 2.6 billion in the commercial and consumer portfolios, respectively, primarily due to 20.5 billion of gross loans and leases acquired from Sterling in the merger, which included a 317.6 million purchase discount. The Company also originated 17.5 billion of loans and leases for portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022, particularly across the commercial non-mortgage, commercial real estate, and residential mortgage loan categories. These increases were partially offset by net paydowns, commercial portfolio loan sales, the forgiveness of PPP loans, net attrition in home equity balances, and the continued run-off of consumer Lending Club loans. In addition, the Company recorded a net 88.0 million and 175.1 million of initial ACL for the PCD and non-PCD loans and leases acquired from Sterling, respectively, which primarily contributed to the 293.6 million increase in the ACL on loans and leases. 
 Goodwill and other net intangible assets increased a combined 2.2 billion. Goodwill increased 2.0 billion, which reflects the 1.9 billion and 36.0 million recognized in connection with the Sterling merger and Bend acquisition, respectively. The 181.5 million increase in other net intangible assets is primarily due to the 119.1 million core deposit and 94.0 million customer relationship intangible assets acquired from Sterling and Bend, respectively, partially offset by year to date amortization charges. 
 Accrued interest receivable and other assets increased 1.1 billion, primarily due to an increase in balances acquired from Sterling in the merger. Notable increases included 684.6 million in LIHTC investments, 201.1 million in accrued interest receivable, 82.4 million in alternative investments, and a combined 35.9 million in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 87.2 million in treasury derivative assets. 
 Total liabilities increased 31.7 billion, or 100.8 , from 31.5 billion at December 31, 2021, to 63.2 billion at December 31, 2022. The change in total liabilities was attributed to the following: 
 Total deposits increased 24.2 billion,with increases of 5.9 billion and 18.3 billion in non-interest bearing deposits and interest-bearing deposits, respectively, primarily due to 23.3 billion of total deposits assumed from Sterling in the merger. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings increased 476.9 million, primarily due to an increase of 869.8 million in overnight federal funds, partially offset by a decrease of 392.9 million in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which resulted from the extinguishment of two 100 million structured repurchase agreements during the third quarter of 2022, as well as the overall timing of maturities. 
 FHLB advances increased 5.4 billion, primarily due to short-term funding needs. 
 Long-term debt increased 510.2 million, primarily due to 499.0 million aggregate par value of subordinated notes assumed from Sterling in the merger, adjusted for a 17.9 million purchase premium, which is being amortized over the remaining lives of the subordinated notes. 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities increased 1.1 billion, primarily due to an increase in balances assumed from Sterling in the merger, and the overall timing of payments for professional services rendered and other obligations. Notable increases included 404.4 million in treasury derivative liabilities, 324.9 million in unfunded commitments for LIHTC investments, 94.5 million in operating lease liabilities, 51.5 million in accrued annual employee bonuses, and 19.0 million in accrued interest payable. 
 Total stockholders' equity increased 4.7 billion, or 134.3 , from 3.4 billion at December 31, 2021, to 8.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The change in stockholders' equity was attributed to the following: 
 Common shares issued in the merger with Sterling totaling approximately 5.0 billion, of which 43.9 million pertained to replacement share-based compensation awards. 
 The conversion of Sterling Series A preferred stock into Webster Series G preferred stock at a fair value of 138.9 million. 
 Net income recognized of 644.3 million. 
 Dividends paid to common and preferred stockholders of 247.8 million and 15.9 million, respectively. 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax, of 662.4 million, primarily due to market value decreases in the Company's AFS securities portfolio and cash flow hedges. 
 A common stock contribution of 10.5 million to the Webster Bank Charitable Foundation. 
 Employee stock-based compensation plan activity of 54.1 million, inclusive of restricted stock amortization and forfeitures, and stock options exercised of 0.7 million. 
 Repurchases of common stock of 322.1 million under the Company's common stock repurchase program and 23.7 million related to employee share-based compensation plans. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Securities 
 Through its Corporate Treasury function, the Company maintains and invests in debt securities that are primarily used to provide a source of liquidity for operating needs, to generate interest income, and as a means to manage the Company's interest-rate risk. The Company's investment securities are classified into two major categories: AFS and HTM. 
 The ALCO manages the Company's securities in accordance with regulatory guidelines and corporate policies, which include limitations on aspects such as concentrations in and types of investments, as well as minimum risk ratings per type of security. In addition, the OCC may further establish individual limits on certain types of investments if the concentration in such investment presents a safety and soundness concern. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had investment securities with a total net carrying value of 14.5 billion and 10.4 billion, respectively, with an average risk weighting for regulatory purposes of 19.0 and 12.5 , respectively. Although the Bank held the entirety of the Company's investment securities portfolio at both December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Holding Company may also directly hold investments. 
 The following table summarizes the balances and percentage composition of the Company's investment securities: At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Amount Amount Available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury notes 717,040 9.1 396,966 9.4 Government agency debentures 258,374 3.3 Municipal bonds and notes 1,633,202 20.7 Agency CMO 59,965 0.8 90,384 2.2 Agency MBS 2,158,024 27.3 1,593,403 37.6 Agency CMBS 1,406,486 17.8 1,232,541 29.1 CMBS 896,640 11.4 886,263 20.9 CLO 2,107 21,847 0.5 Corporate debt 704,412 8.9 13,450 0.3 Private label MBS 44,249 0.6 Other 12,198 0.1 Total AFS 7,892,697 100.0 4,234,854 100.0 Held-to-maturity: Agency CMO 28,358 0.4 42,405 0.7 Agency MBS 2,626,114 40.0 2,901,593 46.8 Agency CMBS 2,831,949 43.1 2,378,475 38.4 Municipal bonds and notes (1) 
 928,845 14.2 705,918 11.4 CMBS 149,613 2.3 169,948 2.7 Total HTM 6,564,879 100.0 6,198,339 100.0 Total investment securities 14,457,576 10,433,193 
 (1) The balances at both December 31, 2022, and 2021, exclude the ACL recorded on HTM debt securities of 0.2 million. 
 AFS securities increased 3.7 billion, or 86.4 , from 4.2 billion at December 31, 2021, to 7.9 billion at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the merger with Sterling, as the Company acquired 4.4 billion of debt securities at fair value on January 31, 2022, all of which were classified as AFS based on the Company's intent at closing. The investment securities acquired from Sterling resulted in a 221.6 million net purchase premium over par value accounted for as a yield adjustment using the effective interest method. The Company also purchased an additional 1.1 billion of AFS securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases were partially offset by an increase in net unrealized losses, as well as paydowns, maturities, sales, and net premium amortization activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, particularly across the Agency MBS, Agency CMBS, Municipal bonds and notes, and CMBS categories. 
 The FTE yield in the AFS portfolio was 2.29 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.73 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 56 basis point increase is attributed to higher rates on securities purchased throughout 2022. AFS securities are evaluated for credit losses on a quarterly basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, gross unrealized losses on AFS securities were 864.5 million and 34.3 million, respectively. The 830.2 million increase is primarily due to the increased portfolio size from the merger with Sterling, and higher market rates. Because these unrealized losses were attributable to factors other than credit deterioration, no ACL was recorded during either period. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend to sell these AFS investment securities, and it is more likely than not that, based on management's current expectations, the Company will not be required to sell these AFS securities prior to the anticipated recovery of their cost basis. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 HTM securities increased 0.4 billion, or 5.9 , from 6.2 billion at December 31, 2021, to 6.6 billion at December 31, 2022, primarily due to purchases exceeding paydowns, maturities, and net premium amortization, particularly across the Agency CMBS, Agency MBS, and Municipal bonds and notes categories. The FTE yield in the HTM portfolio was 2.33 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.21 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 12 basis point increase is attributed to higher rates on securities purchased in the current period. HTM securities are evaluated for credit losses on a quarterly basis under the CECL methodology. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, gross unrealized losses were 806.2 million and 55.7 million, respectively. The 750.5 million increase is primarily due to higher market rates. The ACL on HTM securities was 0.2 million at both December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the book value of investment securities by the earlier of either contractual maturity or call date, as applicable, along with the respective weighted-average yields: 
 At December 31, 2022 1 Year or Less 1 - 5 Years 5 - 10 Years After 10 Years Total (In thousands) Amount Weighted- 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted- 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted- 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted- 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount Weighted- 
 Average 
 Yield (1) 
 Available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury notes 144,651 0.48 572,389 1.19 717,040 1.05 Government agency debentures 73,404 2.42 184,970 3.22 258,374 3.00 Municipal bonds and notes 34,827 1.16 95,148 1.73 670,460 1.50 832,767 1.57 1,633,202 1.54 Agency CMO 551 4.10 5,847 3.00 53,567 2.80 59,965 2.83 Agency MBS 9 (2.38) 9,741 1.27 158,225 1.62 1,990,049 2.30 2,158,024 2.24 Agency CMBS 1,606 0.42 85,809 1.01 44,001 1.40 1,275,070 2.07 1,406,486 1.98 CMBS 67,175 5.41 49,497 5.72 779,968 5.76 896,640 5.73 CLO 2,107 5.79 2,107 5.79 Corporate debt 14,938 1.48 216,472 2.38 418,876 3.18 54,126 3.28 704,412 2.91 Private label MBS 44,249 4.01 44,249 4.01 Other 2,734 5.13 4,973 3.80 4,491 2.71 12,198 3.70 Total AFS 198,765 0.74 1,127,769 1.81 1,351,397 2.20 5,214,766 2.70 7,892,697 2.44 Held-to-maturity: Agency CMO 28,358 2.77 28,358 2.77 Agency MBS 3 4.06 1,825 2.48 25,924 2.49 2,598,362 2.36 2,626,114 2.36 Agency CMBS 129,713 2.68 2,702,236 2.41 2,831,949 2.43 Municipal bonds and notes 2,192 3.11 51,807 3.31 173,519 2.70 701,327 3.18 928,845 3.10 CMBS 149,613 2.70 149,613 2.70 Total HTM 2,195 3.11 53,632 3.28 329,156 2.68 6,179,896 2.49 6,564,879 2.50 Total investment securities 200,960 0.77 1,181,401 1.87 1,680,553 2.29 11,394,662 2.59 14,457,576 2.47 
 (1) Weighted-average yields exclude FTE adjustments, and are calculated using the sum of the total book value multiplied by the yield divided by the sum of the total book value for each security, major type, and maturity bucket. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's AFS and HTM investment securities' portfolios can be found within Note 3: Investment Securities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Loans and Leases 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and percentage composition of the Company's loans and leases: At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Amount Amount Commercial non-mortgage 16,392,795 32.9 6,882,480 30.9 Asset-based 1,821,642 3.7 1,067,248 4.8 Commercial real estate 12,997,163 26.1 5,463,321 24.5 Multi-family 6,621,982 13.3 1,139,859 5.1 Equipment financing 1,628,393 3.3 627,058 2.8 Warehouse lending 641,976 1.3 Residential 7,963,420 16.0 5,412,905 24.3 Home equity 1,633,107 3.3 1,593,559 7.2 Other consumer 63,948 0.1 85,299 0.4 Total loans and leases (1) 
 49,764,426 100.0 22,271,729 100.0 
 (1) The amortized cost balances at December 31, 2022, and 2021, exclude the ACL recorded on loans and leases of 594.7 million and 301.2 million, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes loans and leases by contractual maturity, along with the indication of whether interest rates are fixed or variable: 
 At December 31, 2022 (In thousands) 1 Year or Less 1 - 5 Years 5 - 15 Years After 15 Years Total Fixed rate: Commercial non-mortgage 184,372 581,431 1,982,303 1,521,697 4,269,803 Asset-based 18,153 32,209 50,362 Commercial real estate 583,169 1,627,343 1,157,685 127,423 3,495,620 Multi-family 320,064 1,860,892 1,599,497 42,706 3,823,159 Equipment financing 162,792 1,156,064 306,841 1,625,697 Warehouse lending Residential 719 57,682 429,441 5,093,112 5,580,954 Home equity 4,701 23,979 179,119 189,917 397,716 Other consumer 13,444 15,170 401 150 29,165 Total fixed rate loans and leases 1,287,414 5,354,770 5,655,287 6,975,005 19,272,476 Variable rate: Commercial non-mortgage 2,822,767 8,469,938 762,125 68,162 12,122,992 Asset-based 518,359 1,247,502 5,419 1,771,280 Commercial real estate 1,766,368 4,774,063 2,234,398 726,714 9,501,543 Multi-family 416,095 1,052,563 1,299,669 30,496 2,798,823 Equipment financing 1,262 1,434 2,696 Warehouse lending 641,976 641,976 Residential 1,145 10,733 326,801 2,043,787 2,382,466 Home equity 4,194 7,300 159,278 1,064,619 1,235,391 Other consumer 3,654 22,183 2,608 6,338 34,783 Total variable rate loans and leases 6,175,820 15,585,716 4,790,298 3,940,116 30,491,950 Total loans and leases (1) 
 7,463,234 20,940,486 10,445,585 10,915,121 49,764,426 
 (1) Amounts due exclude total accrued interest receivable of 226.3 million. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Policies and Procedures 
 The Bank has credit policies and procedures in place designed to support its lending activities within an acceptable level of risk, which are reviewed and approved by management and the Board of Directors on a regular basis. To assist with this process, management inspects reports generated by the Company's loan reporting systems related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, non-performing loans, and potential problem loans. 
 Commercial non-mortgage, asset-based, equipment finance, and warehouse lending loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate and service its debt. Assessment of the borrower's management is a critical element of the underwriting process and credit decision. Once it has been determined that the borrower s management possesses sound ethics and a solid business acumen, current and projected cash flows are examined to determine the ability of the borrower to repay obligations, as contracted. Commercial non-mortgage, asset-based, and equipment finance loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower, and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Warehouse lending loans are primarily made based on the borrower's ability to originate high-quality, first-mortgage residential loans that can be sold into the agency, government, or private jumbo markets, and secondarily on the underlying cash flows of the borrower. However, the cash flows of borrowers may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans, as applicable, may fluctuate in value. Most commercial non-mortgage, asset-based, and equipment finance loans are secured by the assets being financed and may incorporate personal guarantees of the principal balance. Warehouse lending loans are generally uncommitted facilities. 
 Commercial real estate loans, including multi-family, are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to those for commercial non-mortgage, asset-based, equipment finance, and warehouse lending loans. These loans are primarily viewed as cash flow loans, and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Repayment of commercial real estate loans is largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan, the market in which the property is located, and the tenants of the property securing the loan. The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and geographic location, which reduces the Company's exposure to adverse economic events that may affect a particular market. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography, and risk grade criteria. All transactions are appraised to determine market value. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. Management periodically utilizes third-party experts to provide insight and guidance about economic conditions and trends affecting its commercial real estate loan portfolio. 
 Consumer loans are subject to policies and procedures developed to manage the specific risk characteristics of the portfolio. These policies and procedures, coupled with relatively small individual loan amounts and predominately collateralized loan structures, are spread across many different borrowers, minimizing the level of credit risk. Trend and outlook reports are reviewed by management on a regular basis, and policies and procedures are modified or developed, as needed. Underwriting factors for residential mortgage and home equity loans include the borrower s FICO score, the loan amount relative to property value, and the borrower s debt-to-income level. The Bank originates both qualified mortgage and non-qualified mortgage loans, as defined by applicable CFPB rules. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases 
 The ACL on loans and leases increased 293.5 million, or 97.5 , from 301.2 million at December 31, 2021, to 594.7 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the initial ACL of 88.0 million and 175.1 million recorded for PCD and non-PCD loans and leases, respectively, that were acquired from Sterling in the merger, as well as organic loan growth and commercial portfolio optimization initiatives. The establishment of the initial ACL for PCD loans and leases is net of 48.3 million in charge-offs, which were recognized upon completion of the merger in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table summarizes the percentage allocation of the ACL across the loans and leases categories: At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Commercial non-mortgage 197,950 33.3 111,351 37.0 Asset-based 16,094 2.7 6,481 2.2 Commercial real estate 214,771 36.1 114,493 38.0 Multi-family 80,652 13.6 19,414 6.4 Equipment financing 23,081 3.9 6,138 2.0 Warehouse lending 577 0.1 Residential 26,907 4.5 15,628 5.2 Home equity 32,296 5.4 23,523 7.8 Other consumer 2,413 0.4 4,159 1.4 Total ACL on loans and leases 594,741 100.0 301,187 100.0 
 (1) The ACL allocated to a single loan and lease category does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 
 Methodology 
 The Company's ACL on loans and leases is considered to be a critical accounting policy. The ACL on loans and leases is a contra-asset account that offsets the amortized cost basis of loans and leases for the credit losses that are expected to occur over the life of the asset. Executive management reviews and advises on the adequacy of the allowance, which is maintained at a level that management deems to be sufficient to cover expected losses within the loan and lease portfolios. 
 The ACL on loans and leases is determined using the CECL model, whereby an expected lifetime credit loss is recognized at the origination or purchase of an asset, including those acquired through a business combination, which is then reassessed at each reporting date over the contractual life of the asset. The calculation of expected credit losses includes consideration of past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. Generally, expected credit losses are determined through a pooled, collective assessment of loans and leases with similar risk characteristics. However, if the risk characteristics of a loan or lease change such that it no longer matches that of the collectively assessed pool, it is removed from the population and individually assessed for credit losses. The total ACL on loans and leases recorded by management represents the aggregated estimated credit loss determined through both the collective and individual assessments. 
 Collectively Assessed Loans and Leases . Collectively assessed loans and leases are segmented based on product type, credit quality, risk ratings, and/or collateral types within its commercial and consumer portfolios, and expected losses are determined using a PD, LGD, and EAD, loss rate, or discounted cash flow framework. 
 For portfolios using the PD/LGD/EAD framework, credit losses are calculated as the product of the probability of a loan defaulting, expected loss given the occurrence of a default, and the expected exposure of a loan at default. Summing the product across loans over their lives yields the lifetime expected credit losses for a given portfolio. Management's PD and LGD calculations are predictive models that measure the current risk profile of the loan pools using forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions, historical loss information, loan-level risk attributes, and credit quality indicators. The calculation of EAD follows an iterative process to determine the expected remaining principal balance of a loan based on historical paydown rates for loans of a similar segment within the same portfolio. The calculation of portfolio exposure in future quarters incorporates expected losses, the loan's amortization schedule, and prepayment rates. 
 Under the loss rate method, expected credit losses are estimated using a loss rate that is multiplied by the amortized cost of the asset at the balance sheet date. For each loan segment identified above, management applies an expected historical loss trend based on third-party loss estimates, correlate them to observed economic metrics, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. Under the discounted cash flow method, expected credit losses are determined by comparing the amortized cost of the asset at the balance sheet date to the present value of estimated future principal and interest payments expected to be collected over the remaining life of the asset. The Company's loss model generates cash flow projections at the loan level based on reasonable and supportable projections, from which management estimates payment collections adjusted for curtailments, recovery time, PD, and LGD. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The Company's models incorporate a single economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic assumptions over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The development of the reasonable and supportable forecast assumes each macroeconomic variable will revert to long-term expectations, with reversion characteristics unique to specific economic indicators and forecasts. Reversion towards long-term expectations generally begins two to three years from the forecast start date and is complete within three to five years. Certain models use output reversion and revert to mean historical portfolio loss rates on a straight-line basis in the third year of the forecast. Other models use input reversion and revert to the mean of macroeconomic variables in reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 The Company incorporates forecasts of macroeconomic variables in the determination of expected credit losses. Macroeconomic variables are selected for each class of financing receivable based on relevant factors, such as asset type and the correlation of the variables to credit losses, among others. Data from the forecast scenario of these variables is used as an input to the modeled loss calculation. 
 A portion of the collective ACL is comprised of qualitative adjustments for risk characteristics that are not reflected or captured in the quantitative models, but are likely to impact the measurement of estimated credit losses. Qualitative factors are based on management's judgement of the Company, market, industry, or business specific data including loan trends, portfolio segment composition, and loan rating or credit scores. Qualitative adjustments may be applied in relation to economic forecasts when relevant facts and circumstances are expected to impact credit losses, particularly in times of significant volatility in economic activity. 
 Individually Assessed Loans and Leases . If the risk characteristics of a loan or lease change such that it no longer matches the risk characteristics of the collectively assessed pool, it is removed from the population and individually assessed for credit losses. Generally, all non-accrual loans, TDRs and reasonably expected TDRs (prior to January 1, 2023), loans with a charge-off, and collateral dependent loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, are individually assessed. The measurement method used to calculate the expected credit loss on an individually assessed loan or lease is dependent on the type and whether the loan or lease is considered to be collateral dependent. Methods for collateral dependent loans are either based on the fair value of the collateral less estimated cost to sell (when the basis of repayment is the sale of collateral), or the present value of the expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. For non-collateral dependent loans, either a discounted cash flow method or other loss factor method is used. Any individually assessed loan or lease for which no specific valuation allowance is deemed necessary is either the result of sufficient cash flows or sufficient collateral coverage relative to the amortized cost of the asset. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's ACL methodology can be found within Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Quality Ratios 
 The Company manages asset quality using risk tolerance levels established through the Company's underwriting standards, servicing, and management of its loan and lease portfolio. Loans and leases for which a heightened risk of loss has been identified are regularly monitored to mitigate further deterioration and preserve asset quality in future periods. Non-performing assets, credit losses, and net charge-offs are considered by management to be key measures of asset quality. 
 The following table summarizes key asset quality ratios and their underlying components: At or for the years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Non-performing loans and leases (1) 
 203,791 109,778 168,005 Total loans and leases 49,764,426 22,271,729 21,641,215 Non-performing loans and leases as a percentage of loans and leases 0.41 0.49 0.78 Non-performing assets (1) 
 206,136 112,590 170,314 Total loans and leases 49,764,426 22,271,729 21,641,215 Add: OREO 2,345 2,812 2,309 Total loans and leases plus OREO 49,766,771 22,274,541 21,643,524 Non-performing assets as a percentage of loans and leases plus OREO 0.41 0.51 0.79 Non-performing assets (1) 
 206,136 112,590 170,314 Total assets 71,277,521 34,915,599 32,590,690 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 0.29 0.32 0.52 ACL on loans and leases 594,741 301,187 359,431 Non-performing loans and leases (1) 
 203,791 109,778 168,005 ACL on loans and leases as a percentage of non-performing loans and leases 291.84 274.36 213.94 ACL on loans and leases 594,741 301,187 359,431 Total loans and leases 49,764,426 22,271,729 21,641,215 ACL on loans and leases as a percentage of loans and leases 1.20 1.35 1.66 ACL on loans and leases 594,741 301,187 359,431 Net charge-offs 67,288 3,829 45,081 Ratio of ACL on loans and leases to net charge-offs 8.84x 78.66x 7.97x 
 (1) Non-performing asset balances and related asset quality ratios exclude the impact of net unamortized (discounts)/premiums and net unamortized deferred (fees)/costs on loans and leases. 
 The following table summarizes net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans and leases for each category: 
 At or for the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Balance Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Balance Commercial non-mortgage 44,250 13,625,382 0.32 2,305 6,829,799 0.03 37,040 6,598,149 0.56 Asset-based 4,473 1,746,888 0.26 (1,447) 950,602 (0.15) (36) 977,920 Commercial real estate 20,471 11,299,259 0.18 4,483 5,324,853 0.08 2,061 5,143,637 0.04 Multi-family 1,298 6,025,702 0.02 1,114,977 1,046,211 Equipment financing 931 1,660,935 0.06 375 614,055 0.06 720 572,369 0.13 Warehouse lending 537,430 Residential (1,377) 7,112,890 (0.02) (1,149) 4,953,100 (0.02) 1,327 4,923,743 0.03 Home equity (4,201) 1,663,198 (0.25) (4,289) 1,681,921 (0.26) (1,910) 1,924,623 (0.10) Other consumer 1,443 79,428 1.82 3,551 115,565 3.07 5,879 199,050 2.95 Total 67,288 43,751,112 0.15 3,829 21,584,872 0.02 45,081 21,385,702 0.21 
 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were 0.15 , 0.02 , and 0.21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increased level of net charge-offs in the current year is primarily attributed to commercial portfolio optimization initiatives, along with favorable credit performance in 2021, as compared to 2022, as the economy benefited from the support of federal stimulus programs in the prior year. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company manages its cash flow requirements through proactive liquidity measures at both the Holding Company and the Bank. In order to maintain stable, cost-effective funding, and to promote overall balance sheet strength, the liquidity position of the Company is continuously monitored, and adjustments are made to balance sources and uses of funds, as appropriate. At December 31, 2022, management is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity position, capital resources, or operating activities. Further, management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity, that if implemented, would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Cash inflows are provided through a variety of sources, including principal and interest payments on loans and investments, unpledged securities that can be sold or utilized to secure funding, and new deposits. The Company is committed to maintaining a strong base of core deposits, which consists of demand, interest-bearing checking, savings, health savings, and money market accounts, to support growth in its loan portfolios. Management actively monitors the interest rate environment and makes adjustments to its deposit strategy in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs, and client relationship dynamics. For additional information, see the discussion below regarding the Bank's liquidity, and under the section captioned "Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk" contained elsewhere in this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Holding Company Liquidity. The primary source of liquidity at the Holding Company is dividends from the Bank. To a lesser extent, investment income, net proceeds from investment sales, borrowings, and public offerings may provide additional liquidity. The Holding Company generally uses its funds for principal and interest payments on senior notes, subordinated notes, and junior subordinated debt, dividend payments to preferred and common stockholders, repurchases of its common stock, and purchases of investment securities, as applicable. 
 There are certain restrictions on the Bank's payment of dividends to the Holding Company, which are described within the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation" in Part I - Item 1. Business, and within Note 14: Regulatory Capital and Restrictions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Bank paid 475.0 million in dividends to the Holding Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were 701.4 million of retained earnings available for the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Holding Company. On January 25, 2023, Webster Bank was approved to pay the Holding Company 150.0 million in dividends during the first quarter of 2023. 
 The quarterly cash dividend to common stockholders remained at 0.40 per common share throughout 2022. On January 25, 2023, it was announced that the Company's Board of Directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.40 per share on Webster common stock. For the Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock, quarterly cash dividends of 328.125 per share and 16.25 per share were declared, respectively. The Company continues to monitor economic forecasts, anticipated earnings, and its capital position in the determination of its dividend payments. 
 The Company maintains a common stock repurchase program, which was approved by the Board of Directors, that authorizes management to purchase shares of its common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any adopted predetermined trading plan, subject to certain conditions. On April 27, 2022, the Board of Directors increased the Company's authority to repurchase shares of its common stock under the repurchase program by 600.0 million in shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 6,399,288 shares under the program at a weighted-average price of 50.33 per share, totaling 322.1 million. The Company's remaining purchase authority at December 31, 2022, was 401.3 million. In addition, the Company will periodically acquire common shares outside of the repurchase program related to employee stock compensation plan activity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 415,629 shares at a weighted-average price of 56.90 per share, totaling 23.6 million for this purpose. 
 The IRA, which was signed into law on August 16, 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on net repurchases of stock by certain publicly traded corporations, including the Company. The excise tax is to be imposed on the value of the net stock repurchased, or treated as repurchased, and will apply to the Company's stock repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 
 On July 8, 2022, the Holding Company made an unrestricted and unconditional contribution of 242,270 Webster common shares to the Webster Bank Charitable Foundation, a nonprofit charitable organization with a focus on education and community development that serves communities in the Greater New York City, Lower Hudson Valley, Long Island, and New Jersey areas. The fair value of these shares based on their closing price on the contribution date was 10.5 million. 
 Webster Bank Liquidity. The Bank's primary source of funding is its core deposits. Including time deposits, the Bank had a loan to total deposit ratio of 92.1 and 74.6 at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The 17.5 point increase is primarily attributed to loan growth exceeding deposit growth. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank is required by OCC regulations to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations. The adequacy of liquidity, as assessed by the OCC, depends on factors such as overall asset and liability structure, market conditions, competition, and the nature of the institution s deposit and loan customers. At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory liquidity requirements. The Company has designed a detailed contingency plan in order to respond to any liquidity concerns in a prompt and comprehensive manner, including early detection of potential problems and corrective action to address liquidity stress scenarios. 
 Capital Requirements. The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, both the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated pursuant to regulatory directives. Capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 Quantitative measures established by the Basel III Capital Rules to ensure capital adequacy require financial institutions to maintain minimum ratios of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, defined by Basel III capital rules (CET1 capital), Tier 1 capital, Total capital to risk-weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average tangible assets (as defined in the regulations). At December 31, 2022, both the Company and the Bank were classified as well-capitalized. Management believes that no events or changes have occurred subsequent to year-end that would change this designation. 
 In accordance with regulatory capital rules, the Company elected an option to delay the estimated impact of the adoption of CECL on its regulatory capital over a two-year deferral period, which ended on January 1, 2022, and subsequent three-year transition period ending on December 31, 2024. During the three-year transition period, capital ratios will begin to phase out the aggregate amount of the regulatory capital benefit provided from the delayed CECL adoption during the initial two years. For 2022, 2023, and 2024, the Company is allowed 75 , 50 , and 25 of the regulatory capital benefit as of December 31, 2021, respectively, with full absorption occurring in 2025. At December 31, 2022, the benefit allowed from the delayed CECL adoption resulted in a 9, 9, and 6 basis point increase to the Company's and the Bank's CET1 capital to total risk-weighted assets (CET1 risk-based capital), Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 risk-based capital), and Tier 1 capital to average tangible assets (Tier 1 leverage capital), respectively, and a 2 basis point decrease to Total capital to total risk-weighted assets (Total risk-based capital). Both the Company's and the Bank's ratios remain in excess of being well-capitalized, even without the benefit of the delayed CECL adoption impact. 
 Additional information regarding the required capital levels and ratios applicable to the Company and the Bank can be found within Note 14: Regulatory Capital and Restrictions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Sources and Uses of Funds 
 Sources of Funds. The primary source of cash flows for the Bank s use in its lending activities and general operational needs is deposits. Loan and securities repayments, proceeds from loans and securities held for sale, and maturities also provide cash flows. While scheduled loan and securities repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, prepayments and other deposit inflows are influenced by economic conditions and prevailing interest rates, the timing of which is inherently uncertain. Additional sources of funds are provided by both short-term and long-term borrowings, and to a lesser extent, dividends received as part of the Bank's membership with the FHLB and FRB. 
 Deposits. The Bank offers a wide variety of checking and savings deposit products designed to meet the transactional and investment needs of both its consumer and business customers. The Bank s deposit services include, but are not limited to, ATM and debit card use, direct deposit, ACH payments, mobile banking, internet-based banking, banking by mail, account transfers, and overdraft protection, among others. The Bank manages the flow of funds in its deposit accounts and interest rates consistent with FDIC regulations. The Bank s Consumer and Digital Pricing Committee and its Commercial and Institutional Liability and Loan Pricing Committee both meet regularly to determine pricing and marketing initiatives. 
 Total deposits were 54.0 billion and 29.8 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The 24.2 billion increase was primarily attributed to the deposits assumed from Sterling in the merger. Customer preferences for maintaining liquidity resulted in higher balances across savings and money market accounts, as customers with maturing time deposits opted to migrate to more liquid products. The aggregate amount of time deposit accounts that exceeded the FDIC limit of 250,000 represented 3.5 and 0.9 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes daily average balances of deposits by type and the weighted-average rates paid thereon: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Non-interest-bearing: Demand 12,912,894 6,897,464 5,698,399 Interest-bearing: Checking 8,842,792 0.34 3,929,941 0.04 3,189,275 0.10 Health savings accounts 7,826,576 0.08 7,390,702 0.08 6,893,996 0.14 Money market 10,797,645 0.66 3,526,373 0.11 2,853,098 0.45 Savings 8,625,691 0.16 5,387,529 0.02 4,647,261 0.20 Time deposits 2,838,502 0.60 2,105,809 0.35 2,760,561 1.20 Total interest-bearing 38,931,206 0.36 22,340,354 0.09 20,344,191 0.33 Total average deposits 51,844,100 0.27 29,237,818 0.07 26,042,590 0.26 
 The following table summarizes total uninsured deposits: At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Uninsured deposits (1) 
 22,496,380 10,936,416 9,684,817 
 (1) A portion of the Company s total uninsured deposits are estimated based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. 
 The following table summarizes the portion of U.S. time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit and time deposits otherwise uninsured by contractual maturity: (In thousands) December 31, 2022 Portion of U.S. time deposits in excess of insurance limit 1,629,950 Time deposits otherwise uninsured with a maturity of: 3 months or less 1,464,268 Over 3 months through 6 months 76,549 Over 6 months through 12 months 55,307 Over 12 months 33,826 
 Additional information regarding period-end deposit balances and rates can be found within Note 10: Deposits in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Borrowings. The Bank's primary borrowing sources include securities sold under agreements to repurchase, federal funds purchased, FHLB advances, and long-term debt. Total borrowed funds were 7.7 billion and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and represented 10.8 and 3.6 of total assets, respectively. The 6.5 billion increase from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, is primarily attributed to increases of 5.5 billion, 0.9 billion, and 0.5 billion in FHLB advances, federal funds purchased, and long-term debt, respectively, partially offset by a 0.4 billion decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 The Bank had additional borrowing capacity from the FHLB of 4.3 billion and 5.1 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Bank also had additional borrowing capacity from the FRB of 1.2 billion and 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Unpledged investment securities of 7.8 billion at December 31, 2022, could have been used for collateral on borrowings or to increase borrowing capacity by either 7.1 billion with the FHLB or 7.5 billion with the FRB. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are generally a form of short-term funding for the Bank in which it sells securities to counterparties with an agreement to buy them back in the future at a fixed price. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaled 0.3 billion and 0.7 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The 0.4 billion decrease is primarily attributed to the extinguishment of two 100 million structured repurchase agreements during the third quarter of 2022, and the overall timing of maturities. 
 The Bank may also purchase term and overnight federal funds to meet its short-term liquidity needs. Federal funds purchased totaled 0.9 billion at December 31, 2022. There were no federal funds purchased at December 31, 2021. 
 FHLB advances are not only utilized as a source of funding, but also for interest rate risk management purposes. FHLB advances totaled 5.5 billion and 11.0 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The 5.4 billion increase is primarily attributed to short-term funding needs. 
 Long-term debt consists of senior fixed-rate notes maturing in 2024 and 2029, subordinated fixed-to-floating-rate notes maturing in 2029 and 2030, and floating-rate junior subordinated notes maturing in 2033. Long-term debt totaled 1.1 billion and 0.6 billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The 0.5 billion increase is primarily attributed to the subordinated notes assumed from Sterling in the merger. 
 The following table summarizes daily average balances of borrowings by type and the weighted-average rates paid thereon: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 466,282 0.78 527,250 0.57 467,431 0.48 Federal funds purchased 598,269 2.58 16,036 0.08 720,995 0.46 Other borrowings 104,145 0.35 FHLB advances 1,965,577 2.98 108,216 1.58 730,125 2.57 Long-term debt 1,031,446 3.44 565,271 3.22 564,919 3.45 Total average borrowings 4,061,574 2.78 1,216,773 1.84 2,587,615 1.68 
 Additional information regarding period-end borrowings balances and rates can be found within Note 11: Borrowings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank Stock. The Bank is a member of the FHLB System, which consists of eleven district Federal Home Loan Banks, each of which is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. An activity-based capital stock investment in the FHLB is required in order for the Bank to maintain its membership and access to advances and other extensions of credit for sources of funds and liquidity purposes. The FHLB capital stock investment is restricted as there is no market for it, and it can only be redeemed by the FHLB. The Bank held FHLB capital stock of 221.4 million and 11.3 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank received 1.9 million in dividends from the FHLB. The most recent FHLB quarterly cash dividend was paid on March 2, 2023, in an amount equal to an annual yield of 6.67 . 
 The Bank is also required to hold FRB stock equal to 6 of its capital and surplus, of which 50 is paid. The remaining 50 is subject to call when deemed necessary by the Federal Reserve System. Similar to FHLB stock, the FRB capital stock investment is restricted as there is no market for it, and it can only be redeemed by the FRB. The Bank held FRB capital stock of 224.5 million and 60.5 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank received 4.6 million in dividends from the FRB. The most recent FRB semi-annual cash dividend was paid on December 31, 2022, in an amount equal to an annual yield of 3.63 . 
 The Bank changed its location for the purposes of Federal Reserve Regulation D from the Federal Reserve District of Boston to the Federal Reserve District of New York effective June 1, 2022. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Uses of Funds. The Company enters into various contractual obligations in the normal course of business that require future cash payments and could impact its short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. The following table summarizes significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations at December 31, 2022. The actual timing and amounts of future cash payments may differ from the amounts presented. Based on the Company's current liquidity position, it is expected that our sources of funds will be sufficient to fulfill these obligations when they come due. 
 
 Payments Due by Period (1) 
 (In thousands) Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years After 5 years Total Senior notes 150,000 300,000 450,000 Subordinated notes 499,000 499,000 Junior subordinated debt 77,320 77,320 FHLB advances 5,450,187 252 10,113 5,460,552 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 282,005 282,005 Federal funds purchased 869,825 869,825 Deposits with stated maturity dates 3,754,386 311,565 94,998 4,160,949 Operating lease liabilities 36,132 68,576 53,287 81,286 239,281 Purchase obligations (2) 
 52,299 25,089 7,377 1,287 86,052 Total contractual obligations 10,444,834 555,230 155,914 969,006 12,124,984 
 (1) Interest payments on borrowings have been excluded. 
 (2) Purchase obligations represent agreements to purchase goods or services of 1.0 million or more that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms. 
 In addition, in the normal course of business, the Company offers financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of its customers. These transactions include commitments to extend credit, and commercial and standby letters of credit, which involve to a varying degree, elements of credit risk. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire unused or be only partially funded, the total commitment amount of 11.7 billion at December 31, 2022, does not necessarily reflect future cash payments. 
 The Company also enters into commitments to invest in venture capital and private equity funds, as well as LIHTC investments to assist the Bank in meeting its responsibilities under the CRA. The total unfunded commitment for these alternative investments was 435.0 million at December 31, 2022. However, the timing of capital calls cannot be reasonably estimated, and depending on the nature of the contract, the entirety of the capital committed by the Company may not be called. 
 Pension obligations are funded by the Company, as needed, to provide for participant benefit payments as it relates to the Company's frozen, non-contributory, qualified defined benefit pension plan. Decisions to contribute to the defined benefit pension plan are made based upon pension funding requirements under the Pension Protection Act, the maximum amount deductible under the Internal Revenue Code, the actual performance of plan assets, and trends in the regulatory environment. The Company was not required to contribute to the defined benefit pension plan in 2022, nor does it currently anticipate that it will be required to make a contribution in 2023. The Company's non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plans and other post employment benefit plans, including those acquired from Sterling in the merger, are unfunded. Expected future net benefit payments related to the Company's defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans include 13.5 million in less than one year, 28.2 million in one to three years, 29.0 million in three to five years, and 73.4 million after five years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company's consolidated balance sheet reflects a liability for uncertain tax positions of 9.9 million and 2.0 million of accrued interest and penalties. The ultimate timing and amount of any related future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty. 
 Additional information regarding credit-related financial instruments, alternative investments, defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and income taxes can be found within Note 23: Commitments and Contingencies, Note 15: Variable Interest Entities, Note 19: Retirement Benefit Plans, and Note 9: Income Taxes, respectively, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk 
 An effective asset/liability management process must balance the risks and rewards from both short-term and long-term interest rate risk when determining the Company's strategy and action. To facilitate this process, interest rate sensitivity is monitored on an ongoing basis by the Company's ALCO, whose primary goal is to manage interest rate risk and maximize net income and net economic value over time in changing interest rate environments, subject to limits approved by the Board of Directors. Limits for earnings at risk are set for parallel ramps in interest rates over a twelve-month period of up and down 100, 200, and 300 basis points, and for interest rate curve twist shocks of up and down 50 and 100 basis points. Limits for net economic value, referred to as equity at risk, are set for parallel shocks in interest rates of up and down 100, 200, and 300 basis points. The ALCO also regularly reviews earnings at risk scenarios for non-parallel changes in interest rates, as well as longer-term earnings at risk for up to four years in the future. 
 Management measures interest rate risk using simulation analysis and asset/liability modeling software to calculate the Company's earnings at risk and equity at risk. Key assumptions relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, prepayment speeds, and the run-off of deposits. From these simulations, interest rate risk is quantified, and appropriate strategies are formulated and implemented. 
 Earnings at risk is defined as the change in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. Essentially, interest rates are assumed to change up or down in a parallel fashion, and the net interest income results in each scenario are compared to a flat rate base scenario. The flat rate base scenario holds the end of period yield curve constant over a twelve-month forecast horizon. The earnings at risk simulation analysis incorporates assumptions about balance sheet changes (i.e., product mix, growth, and loan and deposit pricing). Overall, it is a measure of short-term interest rate risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the flat rate base scenario assumed a federal funds rate of 4.50 and 0.25 , respectively. The federal funds rate target range was 4.25-4.50 at December 31, 2022, and 0-0.25 at December 31, 2021. Due to the federal funds target rate being 0-0.25 at December 31, 2021, the declining interest rate scenarios for both earnings at risk and equity at risk of down 100 and 200 basis points or more were not run per the ALCO's policy. Instead, scenarios were run with short-term and long-term interest rates declining to zero, but not below. Since interest rates rose sharply throughout 2022, management has incorporated the down 100 and 200 basis point rate scenarios back into its assessment of interest rate risk at December 31, 2022. As interest rates continue to rise, scenarios that include upward and downward shifts of greater magnitude will also be incorporated. 
 Equity at risk is defined as the change in the net economic value of financial assets and financial liabilities due to changes in interest rates compared to a base net economic value. Equity at risk analyzes sensitivity in the present value of cash flows over the expected life of existing financial assets, financial liabilities, and off-balance sheet financial instruments. It is a measure of the long-term interest rate risk to future earnings streams embedded in the current balance sheet. 
 Asset sensitivity is defined as earnings or net economic value increasing when interest rates rise and decreasing when interest rates fall, as compared to a base scenario. In other words, financial assets are more sensitive to changing interest rates than liabilities, and therefore, re-price faster. Likewise, liability sensitivity is defined as earnings or net economic value decreasing when interest rates rise and increasing when interest rates fall, as compared to a base scenario. 
 Key assumptions underlying the present value of cash flows include the behavior of interest rates and spreads, asset prepayment speeds, and attrition rates on deposits. Cash flow projections from the model are compared to market expectations for similar collateral types and adjusted based on experience with the Bank's own portfolio. The model's valuation results are compared to observable market prices for similar instruments whenever possible. The behavior of deposit and loan customers is studied using historical time series analysis to model future customer behavior under varying interest rate environments. 
 The equity at risk simulation process uses multiple interest rate paths generated by an arbitrage-free trinomial lattice term structure model. The base case rate scenario, against which all others are compared, currently uses the month-end LIBOR/swap yield curve as a starting point to derive forward rates for future months. Using interest rate swap option volatilities as inputs, the model creates multiple rate paths for this scenario with forward rates as the mean. In shock scenarios, the starting yield curve is shocked up or down in a parallel fashion. Future rate paths are then constructed in a similar manner to the base case scenario. 
 Cash flows for all financial instruments are generated using product specific prepayment models and account specific system data for properties such as maturity date, amortization type, coupon rate, repricing frequency, and repricing date. The asset/liability simulation software is enhanced with a mortgage prepayment model and a collateralized mortgage obligation database. Financial instruments with explicit options (i.e., caps, floors, puts, and calls) and implicit options (i.e., prepayment and early withdrawal abilities) require such modeling approach to quantify value and risk more accurately. 
 On the asset side, risk is impacted the most by residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, which can typically prepay at any time without penalty and may have embedded caps and floors. In the loan portfolio, floors are a benefit to interest income in low interest rate environments. Floating-rate loans at floors pay a higher interest rate than a loan at a fully indexed rate without a floor, as with a floor, there is a limit on how low the interest rate can fall. As market rates rise, however, the interest rate paid on these loans does not rise until the fully indexed rate rises through the contractual floor. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 On the liability side, there is a large concentration of customers with indeterminate maturity deposits who have options to add or withdraw funds from their accounts at any time. Implicit floors on deposits, based on historical data, are modeled. The Bank also has the option to change the interest rate paid on these deposits at any time. 
 Four main tools are used for managing interest rate risk: 
 the size, duration, and credit risk of the investment portfolio; 
 the size and duration of the wholesale funding portfolio; 
 interest rate contracts; and 
 the pricing and structure of loans and deposits. 
 The ALCO meets frequently to make decisions on the investment and funding portfolios based on the economic outlook, its interest rate expectations, the risk position, and other factors. The ALCO delegates pricing and product design responsibilities to individuals and sub-committees, but continuously monitors and influences their actions on a regular basis. 
 Various interest rate contracts, including futures, options, swaps, caps, and floors, can be used to manage interest rate risk. These contracts involve, to varying degrees, levels of credit and interest rate risk. The notional amount of the derivative instrument, or the amount from which interest and other payments are derived, is not exchanged, and therefore, should not be used as a measure of credit risk. 
 In addition, certain derivative instruments, such as forward sales of mortgage-backed securities, are used by the Bank to manage the risk of loss associated with its mortgage banking activities. Generally, prior to closing and funds disbursement, an interest-rate lock commitment is extended to the borrower. During this time, the Bank is subject to the risk that market interest rates may change, which could impact pricing on loan sales. In an effort to mitigate this risk, the Bank establishes forward delivery sales commitments, thereby setting the sales price. 
 The Company will also hold futures, options, and forward foreign currency exchange contracts to minimize the price volatility of certain financial assets and financial liabilities. Changes in the market value of these derivative positions are recognized in earnings. Additional information regarding derivatives can be found within Note 17: Derivative Financial Instruments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The following table summarizes the estimated impact that gradual parallel changes in interest rates of up and down 100 and 200 basis points might have on the Company s net interest income over a twelve-month period starting at December 31, 2022, and 2021, as compared to actual net interest income and assuming no changes in interest rates: 
 -200bp -100bp +100bp +200bp December 31, 2022 (6.9) (3.3) 3.2 6.5 December 31, 2021 n/a n/a 4.9 10.7 
 Asset sensitivity in terms of net interest income decreased at December 31, 2022, as compared to at December 31, 2021, primarily due to changes in the overall composition and size of the balance sheet on a combined basis post-merger with Sterling and the relative size and duration of the securities portfolio. Loans at floors have decreased 4.1 billion, from 4.5 billion at December 31, 2021, to 0.4 billion at December 31, 2022. While loans with floors, which are considered in the money , have the impact of reducing overall asset sensitivity, as interest rates rise, these loans will move through their floors and reprice accordingly. 
 The following table summarizes the estimated impact that yield curve twists or immediate non-parallel changes in interest rates of up and down 50 and 100 basis points might have on the Company's net interest income for the subsequent twelve-month period starting at December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 Short End of the Yield Curve Long End of the Yield Curve -100bp -50bp +50bp +100bp -100bp -50bp +50bp +100bp December 31, 2022 (4.2) (2.0) 1.7 3.3 (2.4) (1.2) 1.3 2.6 December 31, 2021 n/a n/a 3.2 7.3 (3.1) (1.4) 1.3 2.6 
 These non-parallel scenarios are modeled with the short end of the yield curve moving up or down 50 and 100 basis points, while the long end of the yield curve remains unchanged, and vice versa. The short end of the yield curve is defined as terms less than eighteen months and the long end of the yield curve is defined as terms greater than eighteen months. The results reflect the annualized impact of immediate interest rate changes. 
 Sensitivity to the both the short end and the long end of the yield curve for net interest income generally decreased at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to changes in the overall composition and size of the balance sheet on a combined basis post-merger with Sterling, as well as the relative size and duration of the securities portfolio and slower forecasted prepayment speeds as a result of increases in the yield curve, which in turn, extends the duration for mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the estimated economic value of financial assets, financial liabilities, and off-balance sheet financial instruments and the corresponding estimated change in economic value if interest rates were to instantaneously increase or decrease by 100 basis points at December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 
 Book Value Estimated Economic Value Estimated Economic Value Change (In thousands) -100bp +100bp At December 31, 2022 Assets 71,277,521 67,920,989 1,161,794 (1,247,083) Liabilities 63,221,335 55,951,495 1,959,399 (1,716,697) Net 8,056,186 11,969,494 (797,605) 469,614 Net change as base net economic value (6.7) 3.9 At December 31, 2021 Assets 34,915,599 34,515,422 n/a (801,524) Liabilities 31,477,274 30,015,357 n/a (988,401) Net 3,438,325 4,500,065 n/a 186,877 Net change as base net economic value n/a 4.2 
 Changes in economic value can best be described through duration, which is a measure of the price sensitivity of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates. For fixed-rate financial instruments, it can be thought of as the weighted-average expected time to receive future cash flows, whereas for floating-rate financial instruments, it can be thought of as the weighted-average expected time until the next rate reset. Overall, the longer the duration, the greater the price sensitivity due to changes in interest rates. Generally, increases in interest rates reduce the economic value of fixed-rate financial assets as future discounted cash flows are worth less at higher interest rates. In a rising interest rate environment, the economic value of financial liabilities decreases for the same reason. A reduction in the economic value of financial liabilities is a benefit to the Company. Floating-rate financial instruments may have durations as short as one day, and therefore, may have very little price sensitivity due to changes in interest rates. 
 Duration gap represents the difference between the duration of financial assets and financial liabilities. A duration gap at or near zero would imply that the balance sheet is matched, and therefore, would exhibit no change in estimated economic value for changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company's duration gap was negative 1.4 years and negative 1.8 years, respectively. A negative duration gap implies that the duration of financial liabilities is longer than the duration of financial assets, and therefore, liabilities have more price sensitivity than assets and will reset their interest rates at a slower pace. Consequently, the Company's net estimated economic value would generally be expected to increase when interest rates rise, as the benefit of the decreased value of financial liabilities would more than offset the decreased value of financial assets. The opposite would generally be expected to occur when interest rates fall. Earnings would also generally be expected to increase when interest rates rise, and decrease when interest rates fall over the long term, absent the effects of any new business booked in the future. At December 31, 2022, long-term rates have risen by 226 basis points as compared to December 31, 2021. This higher starting point extends financial asset duration by decreasing residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities prepayment speeds. 
 These earnings and net economic value estimates are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ, and also assume that management does not take any additional action to mitigate any positive or negative effects from changing interest rates. Management believes that the Company's interest rate risk position at December 31, 2022, represents a reasonable level of risk given the current interest rate outlook. Management continues to monitor interest rates and other relevant factors given recent market volatility and is prepared to take additional action, as necessary. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, and accompanying notes thereto, in accordance with GAAP and practices generally applicable to the financial services industry, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. While management's estimates are made based on historical experience, current available information, and other factors that are deemed to be relevant, actual results could significantly differ from those estimates. 
 Accounting estimates are necessary in the application of certain accounting policies and can be susceptible to significant change in the near term. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. Management has identified that the Company's most critical accounting estimates are those related to the ACL on loans and leases and business combinations accounting policies. These accounting policies and their underlying estimates are discussed directly with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases 
 The ACL on loans and leases is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, which represents management s best estimate of expected lifetime credit losses within the Company's loan and lease portfolios at the balance sheet date. The calculation of expected credit losses is determined using predictive methods and models that follow a PD/LGD/EAD, loss rate, or discounted cash flow framework, and include consideration of past events, current conditions, macroeconomic variables (i.e., unemployment, gross domestic product, property values, and interest rate spreads), and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. Changes to the ACL on loans and leases, and therefore, to the related provision for credit losses, can materially affect financial results. 
 The determination of the appropriate level of ACL on loans and leases inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Company to make significant estimates of current credit risks and trends using existing qualitative and quantitative information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers and macroeconomic variables that the Company is more susceptible to, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and pandemics, along with new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problems loans, the fair value of underlying collateral, and other factors, both within and outside the Company's control, may indicate the need for an increase or decrease in the ACL on loans and leases. 
 It is difficult to estimate the sensitivity of how potential changes in any one economic factor or input might affect the overall reserve because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in estimating the ACL and changes in those factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all product types. Further, changes in factors and inputs may also be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. 
 Executive management reviews and advises on the adequacy of the ACL on loans and leases on a quarterly basis. Although the overall balance is determined based on specific portfolio segments and individually assessed assets, the entire balance is available to absorb credit losses for any of the loan and lease portfolios. 
 Additional information regarding the determination of the ACL on loans and leases, including the Company's valuation methodology, can be found in Part II under the section captioned "Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Leases" contained elsewhere in this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and within Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Business Combinations 
 The acquisition method of accounting generally requires that the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The determination of fair value often involves the use of internal or third-party valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow analyses or appraisals. Particularly, the valuation techniques used to estimate the fair value of loans and leases and the core deposit intangible asset acquired in the Sterling merger include estimates related to discount rates, credit risk, and other relevant factors, which are inherently subjective. A description of the valuation methodologies used to estimate the fair values of the significant assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the Sterling merger can be found within Note 2: Mergers and Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Information regarding quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk can be found in Part II under the section captioned "Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk" contained in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and within Note 17: Derivative Financial Instruments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 70 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Webster Financial Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Webster Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Assessment of the allowance for credit losses for certain commercial and consumer loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 594.7 million, a portion of which related to the allowance for credit losses for certain commercial and consumer loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis (the Collective Allowance). The Collective Allowance includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans and leases with similar risk characteristics. The Company s collectively assessed loans and leases are segmented based on product type and credit quality and expected losses are determined using models that follow a probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), and exposure at default (EAD) framework. The expected credit losses are calculated as the product of the Company s estimate of PD, LGD, and individual loan level EAD. The Company s PD and LGD calculations use predictive models that measure the current risk profile of the loan pools using forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions, historical loss information, loan-level risk attributes and credit quality indicators. The Company s models incorporate a single economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic variables over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The development of the reasonable and supportable forecast assumes each macroeconomic variable will revert to long-term expectations, with reversion characteristics unique to specific economic indicators and forecasts. Reversion towards long-term expectations generally begins two to three years from the forecast start date and is complete within three to five years. Certain models use output reversion and revert to mean historical portfolio loss rates on a straight-line basis in the third year of the forecast. Other models use input reversion and revert to the 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 mean of macroeconomic variables in reasonable and supportable forecasts. A portion of the Collective Allowance is comprised of qualitative adjustments for risk characteristics that are not reflected or captured in the quantitative models but are likely to impact the measurement of expected credit losses. 
 We identified the assessment of the Collective Allowance as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the Collective Allowance methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate (1) the PD, LGD, EAD and their significant assumptions, including the single economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic variables and (2) qualitative adjustments and their significant assumptions not reflected in the PD and LGD models and EAD method. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models and EAD method. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the Collective Allowance estimate, including controls over the: 
 evaluation of the Collective Allowance methodology; 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes made to certain PD and LGD models and EAD method; 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD and LGD models and EAD method; 
 performance monitoring of certain PD and LGD models and EAD method; 
 evaluation of qualitative adjustments, including the significant assumptions; and 
 analysis of the Collective Allowance results, trends, and ratios. 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the Collective Allowance estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s Collective Allowance methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment and performance testing of the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices; 
 evaluating the selection of the economic forecast scenario and underlying macroeconomic variables by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices; and 
 evaluating the methodology and assumptions used to develop the qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the Collective Allowance compared with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models. 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the Collective Allowance estimate by evaluating the cumulative results of the audit procedures and potential bias in the accounting estimate. 
 Valuation of acquired loans and leases in the acquisition of Sterling Bancorp 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, on January 31, 2022, the Company closed on a business combination transaction with Sterling Bancorp (the Merger). The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are required to be measured at fair value at the date of acquisition under the purchase method of accounting. As a part of the Merger, the Company acquired loans and leases with a fair value of 20.5 billion. The fair value of the acquired loans and leases was based on a discounted cash flow methodology, including assumptions of probability of default and loss given default. 
 We identified the fair value measurement of the acquired loans and leases in the Merger as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the assumptions of probability of default and loss given default used in the discounted cash flow methodology. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s fair value measurement of the acquired loans and leases in the Merger, including controls over the determination of key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluated the Company s process to estimate the fair value of the acquired loans and leases in the Merger by testing certain sources of data that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 developing an independent range of fair values for certain acquired loans and leases, including the development of independent assumptions utilizing market data for probability of default and loss given default; and 
 assessing the Company s estimate of fair value for certain acquired loans and leases by comparing it to the independently developed range. 
 /s/ ) 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value Investment securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Loans held for sale (valued under fair value option) Loans and leases Allowance for credit losses on loan and leases ) ) Loans and leases, net Deferred tax assets, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Cash surrender value of life insurance policies Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity: Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank advances Long-term debt Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: Authorized shares; 
 Series F issued and outstanding shares 
 Series G issued and outstanding shares 
 Common stock, par value: Authorized and shares; 
 Issued and shares 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income: Interest and fees on loans and leases Taxable interest and dividends on securities Non-taxable interest on securities Loans held for sale Total interest income Interest Expense: Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank advances Long-term debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses Non-interest Income: Deposit service fees Loan and lease related fees Wealth and investment services Mortgage banking activities Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies (Loss) gain on sale of investment securities, net ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest Expense: Compensation and benefits Occupancy Technology and equipment Intangible assets amortization Marketing Professional and outside services Deposit insurance Other expense Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Derivative instruments ) ) Defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except per share data) Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock, at cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Tax Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Common stock dividends and equivalents per share 
 ) ) Series F preferred stock dividends per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Exercise of stock options ) Common shares acquired from stock compensation plan activity ) ) Common stock repurchase program ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Common stock dividends and equivalents per share 
 ) ) Series F preferred stock dividends per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options ) Common shares acquired from stock compensation plan activity ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Common stock dividends and equivalents per share 
 ) ) Series F preferred stock dividends per share 
 ) ) Series G preferred stock dividends per share 
 ) ) Issued in business combination Common stock contribution to charitable foundation ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options ) Common shares acquired from stock compensation plan activity ) ) Common stock repurchase program ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Deferred income tax (benefit) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock contribution to charitable foundation Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangible assets Net (accretion) and amortization of interest-earning assets and borrowings ) Amortization of low-income housing tax credit investments Amortization of mortgage servicing assets Reduction of right-of-use lease assets Net (gain) on sale, net of write-downs, of foreclosed properties and repossessed assets ) ) ) Net loss (gain) on sale, net of write-downs, of property and equipment ) Net loss (gain) on sale of investment securities ) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Net (gain) on mortgage banking activities ) ) ) Net (gain) on sale of loans not originated for sale ) ) ) (Increase) in cash surrender value of life insurance policies ) ) ) (Gain) from life insurance policies ) ) ) Net decrease (increase) in derivative contract assets and liabilities ) Net (increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) Net (decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Proceeds from principal payments, maturities, and calls of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from principal payments, maturities, and calls of held-to-maturity securities Net (increase) decrease in Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock ) Alternative investments (capital calls), net of distributions ) ) ) Net (increase) in loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans not originated for sale Proceeds from sale of foreclosed properties and repossessed assets Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from life insurance policies Net cash paid for acquisition of Bend ) Net cash received in merger with Sterling Net cash (used for) investing activities ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, continued Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Financing Activities: Net increase in deposits Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) ) Proceeds from extinguishment of borrowings Net increase (decrease) in securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchase program ) ) Common shares acquired related to stock compensation plan activity ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfer of loans and leases to foreclosed properties and repossessed assets Transfer of loans to loans held for sale Deposits assumed Merger with Sterling: Tangible assets acquired Goodwill and other intangible assets Liabilities assumed Common stock issued Preferred stock exchanged Acquisition of Bend: Tangible assets acquired Goodwill and other intangible assets Liabilities assumed 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Note 1: 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 71 

Table of Contents 

 days delinquent unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection, or sooner if circumstances indicate that the borrower may be unable to meet contractual principal or interest payments. The Company considers a loan to be well-secured when it is secured by collateral in the form of liens on or pledges of real or personal property that have a realizable value sufficient to discharge the debt in full, or when it is secured by a contractual guarantee of a financially responsible party. The Company considers a loan in the process of collection if collection of the debt is proceeding in due course either through legal action or through collection efforts not involving legal action that are reasonably expected to result in repayment of the debt or in its restoration to a current status in the near future. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 73 

Table of Contents 

74 

Table of Contents 

 75 

Table of Contents 

 - years Leasehold improvements - years Furniture, fixtures, and equipment - years Data processing equipment and software - years 
 Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, while significant improvements are capitalized. Property and equipment that is actively marketed for sale is reclassified to assets held for disposition. The cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment that is sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of, is eliminated from accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recorded as Other income or Other expense, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Additional information regarding property and equipment can be found within Note 6: Premises and Equipment. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 77 

Table of Contents 

 to of the target number of shares under the grant. Compensation expense may be subject to adjustment based on management's assessment of the Company's average return on equity performance relative to the target number of shares condition. Stock option awards use the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model to measure fair value at the grant date. Excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies result when tax return deductions differ from recognized compensation cost determined using the grant-date fair value approach for financial statement purposes. Dividends are paid on time-based shares upon grant and are non-forfeitable, while dividends are accrued on performance-based awards and paid with the vested shares when the performance target is met. Additional information regarding share-based compensation can be found within Note 20: Share-Based Plans. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 79 

Table of Contents 

 80 

Table of Contents 

Note 2: 
 share of Webster common stock. Furthermore, certain equity awards granted under Sterling's equity compensation plans were converted into a corresponding award with respect to Webster common stock, generally subject to the same terms and conditions, with the number of shares underlying such awards adjusted based on the fixed exchange ratio. Cash was also paid to Sterling common stockholders in lieu of fractional shares, as applicable. 
 In addition, each share of Sterling Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the merger was converted into the right to receive share of newly created Webster Series G Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, having substantially the same terms. 
 Price per share of Webster common stock on January 31, 2022 Consideration for outstanding common stock Consideration for preferred stock exchanged Consideration for replacement equity awards (1) 
 Cash in lieu of fractional shares Total purchase price consideration 
 
 The merger was accounted for as a business combination. Accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of the merger effective date. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions, and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and are subject to change. Fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be adjusted for a period up to one year (the measurement period) from the closing date of the merger if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the merger effective date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Investment securities AFS FHLB and FRB Stock Loans held for sale Loans and leases: Commercial non-mortgage Asset-based Commercial real estate Multi-family Equipment financing Warehouse lending Residential Home equity Other consumer Total loans and leases Deferred tax assets, net ) Premises and equipment (1) 
 Other intangible assets Bank-owned life insurance policies Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings Long-term debt Accrued expenses and other liabilities (1) 
 Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 (1) Includes million of ROU lease assets and million of operating lease liabilities reported within Premises and equipment and Accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, which were measured based upon the estimated present value of the remaining lease payments. In addition, ROU lease assets were adjusted for favorable and unfavorable terms of the lease when compared to market terms, as applicable. 
 In connection with the merger with Sterling, the Company recorded billion of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Information regarding the allocation of goodwill to the Company's reportable segments, as well as the carrying amounts and amortization of the core deposit intangible asset and customer relationship intangible assets, can be found within Note 21: Segment Reporting and Note 8: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, respectively. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 years based upon the period over which the estimated economic benefits are estimated to be received. Customer relationship intangible assets for payroll finance, factoring receivables finance, and wealth businesses were estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology that reflects the estimated value of the future net earnings for each relationship with adjustments for attrition. The customer relationship intangible assets are being amortized on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful life of years. 
 Bank-owned life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of these insurance policies is a reasonable estimate of fair value since it reflects the amount that would be realized by the contract owner upon discontinuance or surrender. 
 Deposits. The fair values used for the demand and savings deposits by definition equal the amount payable on demand at the merger date. The fair values for time deposits were estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology that applies interest rates currently being offered to the contractual interest rates on such time deposits. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings. The carrying amount of these liabilities is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these liabilities. 
 Long-term debt. The fair values of long-term debt instruments are estimated based on quoted market prices for the instrument, if available, or for similar instruments, if not available, or by using a discounted cash flow methodology based on current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. 
 PCD Loans and Leases 
 Purchased loans and leases that have experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are considered PCD. For PCD loans and leases, the initial estimate of expected credit losses was established through an adjustment to the unpaid principal balance and non-credit discount at acquisition. Subsequent to the merger effective date, the Company recorded an ACL for non-PCD loans and leases of million through an increase to the provision for credit losses. There was no carryover of Sterling's previously recorded ACL on loans and leases. 
 ACL at acquisition ) ) ) Non-credit (discount) ) ) ) Fair value 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest income Net income 
 The supplemental pro forma financial information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had Webster merged with Sterling on January 1, 2021. The supplemental pro forma financial information includes the impact of (i) accreting and amortizing the discounts and premiums associated with the estimated fair value adjustments to acquired loans and leases, investment securities, deposits, and long-term debt, (ii) the amortization of recognized intangible assets, (iii) the elimination of Sterling's historical accretion and amortization of discounts and premiums and deferred origination fees and costs on loans and leases, (iv) the elimination of Sterling's historical accretion and amortization of discounts and premiums on investment securities, and (v) the related estimated income tax effects. Costs savings and other business synergies related to the merger are not included in the supplemental pro forma financial information. 
 Occupancy (2) 
 Technology and equipment (3) 
 Marketing Professional and outside services (4) 
 Other expense (5) 
 Total merger-related expenses 
 (1) Comprised primarily of employee severance and retention costs, and executive restricted stock awards. 
 (2) Comprised primarily of charges associated with the Company s 2022 corporate real estate consolidation plan. Additional information regarding this corporate real estate consolidation plan can be found within Note 6: Premises and Equipment and Note 7: Leasing. 
 (3) Comprised primarily of technology contract termination costs. 
 (4) Comprised primarily of advisory, legal, and consulting fees. 
 (5) Comprised primarily of disposals on property and equipment, contract termination costs, and other miscellaneous expenses. 
 Additions charged to expense Cash payments ) ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Primarily reflects the release of million from the Company's severance accrual at the beginning of the year. In connection with the Sterling merger, the Company re-evaluated its strategic priorities as a combined organization, which resulted in modifications to the Company's strategic initiatives that were announced in December 2020. 
 The Company's operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes the operating results of acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Sterling subsequent to the merger on January 31, 2022. Due to the various conversions of Sterling systems during the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as other streamlining and integration of operating activities into those of the Company, historical reporting for the former Sterling operations after January 31, 2022, is impracticable, and thus disclosures of Sterling's revenue and earnings since the merger effective date that are included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income for the reporting period is impracticable. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 of the equity interests of Bend, a cloud-based platform solution provider for HSAs, in exchange for cash of million. The acquisition accelerated the Company s efforts underway to deliver enhanced user experiences at HSA Bank. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination, and resulted in the addition of million in net assets, which primarily comprised million of internal use software and a million customer relationship intangible asset. 
 Inland Bank and Trust HSA Portfolio Acquisition 
 On November 7, 2022, Webster acquired a portfolio of HSAs from Inland Bank and Trust. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and the Company received million in both cash and deposits on the acquisition date. The Company also paid a deposit premium based on the final settlement of deposits, which resulted in the recognition of a million core deposit intangible asset. The accounts and associated deposits obtained from this transaction will provide stable funding for future loan growth and will increase the Company's revenues. 
 interLINK Acquisition 
 On January 11, 2023, Webster acquired interLINK, a technology-enabled deposit management platform that administers over billion of deposits from FDIC-insured cash sweep programs between banks and broker/dealers and clearing firms, in exchange for cash. The acquisition provides the Company with access to a unique source of core deposit funding and scalable liquidity and adds another technology-enabled channel to its already differentiated, omnichannel deposit gathering capabilities. 
 The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination, and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from interLINK will be recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The Company plans to complete the initial purchase price allocation in the first quarter of 2023, which is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

85 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3: 
 ) Government agency debentures ) Municipal bonds and notes ) Agency CMO ) Agency MBS ) Agency CMBS ) CMBS ) CLO ) Corporate debt ) Private label MBS ) Other ) Total AFS securities ) At December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. Treasury notes ) Agency CMO ) Agency MBS ) Agency CMBS ) CMBS ) CLO ) Corporate debt ) Total AFS securities ) 
 Accrued interest receivable on AFS securities of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is excluded from amortized cost and is reported in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 ) ) ) Government agency debentures ) ) Municipal bonds and notes ) ) Agency CMO ) ) ) Agency MBS ) ) ) Agency CMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CLO ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Private label MBS ) ) Other ) ) Total AFS securities in an unrealized loss position ) ) ) 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Agency CMO ) ) Agency MBS ) ) ) Agency CMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CLO ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Total AFS securities in an unrealized loss position ) ) ) 
 The Company assesses each AFS security that is in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis is attributable to credit or other factors. The million increase in gross unrealized losses from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, is primarily due to higher market rates. Market prices will approach par as the securities approach maturity. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had the intent to hold its AFS securities with unrealized loss positions through the anticipated recovery period, and it is more-likely-than-not that the Company would not have to sell these AFS securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. The issuers of these AFS securities have not, to the Company s knowledge, established any cause for default. Therefore, the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis. Accordingly, there were no AFS securities in non-accrual status and no ACL recorded on AFS securities at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Contractual Maturities 
 After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 10 years After 10 years Total AFS securities 
 AFS securities that are not due at a single maturity date have been categorized based on the maturity date of the underlying collateral. Actual principal cash flows may differ from this categorization as borrowers have the right to repay their obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 
 Sales of Available-for Sale Securities 
 Gross realized gains Gross realized losses (Loss) gain on sale of investment securities, net ) 
 Other Information 
 AFS securities pledged for borrowings and other, at fair value Total AFS securities pledged 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had callable AFS securities with an aggregate carrying value of billion. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 ) Agency MBS ) Agency CMBS ) Municipal bonds and notes ) CMBS ) Total HTM securities ) At December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Allowance Net Carrying Value Agency CMO ) Agency MBS ) Agency CMBS ) Municipal bonds and notes CMBS Total HTM securities ) 
 Accrued interest receivable on HTM securities of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is excluded from amortized cost and is reported in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 An ACL on HTM securities is recorded for certain Municipal bonds and notes to account for expected lifetime credit losses. Agency securities represent obligations issued by a U.S. government-sponsored enterprise or other federally-related entity and are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed and therefore, assumed to be zero loss. HTM securities with gross unrealized losses and no ACL are considered to be of high credit quality. Therefore, zero credit loss is recorded at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Adoption of CECL (Benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Contractual Maturities 
 After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 10 years After 10 years Total HTM securities 
 HTM securities that are not due at a single maturity date have been categorized based on the maturity date of the underlying collateral. Actual principal cash flows may differ from this categorization as borrowers have the right to prepay their obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Agency MBS Agency CMBS Municipal bonds and notes CMBS Total HTM securities 
 Agency MBS Agency CMBS Municipal bonds and notes CMBS Total HTM securities At December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were HTM debt securities past due under the terms of their agreements or in non-accrual status. 
 Other Information 
 HTM securities pledged for borrowings and other, at amortized cost Total HTM securities pledged 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had callable HTM securities with an aggregate carrying value of billion. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4: 
 Asset-based Commercial real estate Multi-family Equipment financing Warehouse lending Commercial portfolio Residential Home equity Other consumer Consumer portfolio Loans and leases 
 The carrying amount of loans and leases at December 31, 2022, and 2021, includes net unamortized (discounts)/premiums and net unamortized deferred (fees)/costs totaling ) million and million, respectively. Accrued interest receivable of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is excluded from the carrying amount of loans and leases and is reported within Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022, the Company had pledged billion of eligible loans as collateral to support borrowing capacity at the FHLB. 
 Asset-based Commercial real estate Multi-family Equipment financing Warehouse lending Commercial portfolio Residential Home equity Other consumer Consumer portfolio Total 
 (1) At December 31, 2022, there were million of commercial loans that had reached their contractual maturity but were actively in the process of being refinanced with the Company. Due to the status of the refinancing, these commercial loans have been reported as current in the table above. In January 2023, million were approved and refinanced. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Asset-based Commercial real estate Multi-family Equipment financing Commercial portfolio Residential Home equity Other consumer Consumer portfolio Total 
 The following table provides additional information on non-accrual loans and leases: At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Non-accrual Non-accrual With No Allowance Non-accrual Non-accrual With No Allowance Commercial non-mortgage Asset-based Commercial real estate Multi-family Equipment financing Commercial portfolio Residential Home equity Other consumer Consumer portfolio Total 
 Interest on non-accrual loans and leases that would have been recognized as additional interest income had the loans and leases been current in accordance with their original terms totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Initial allowance for PCD loans 
 and leases (1) 
 Adoption of CECL Provision (benefit) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period Individually assessed for credit losses Collectively assessed for credit losses 
 (1) Represents the establishment of the initial reserve for PCD loans and leases, which is reported net of million of day one charge-offs recognized at the date of acquisition in accordance with GAAP. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial non-mortgage Asset-based: Pass Special mention Substandard Asset-based Commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Commercial real estate Multi-family: Pass Special mention Substandard Multi-family Equipment financing: Pass Special mention Substandard Equipment financing Warehouse lending: Pass Warehouse lending Commercial portfolio 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Commercial non-mortgage Asset-based: Pass Special mention Substandard Asset-based Commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Commercial real estate Multi-family: Pass Special mention Substandard Multi-family Equipment financing: Pass Special mention Substandard Equipment financing Commercial portfolio 
 To measure credit risk for the consumer portfolio, the most relevant credit characteristic is the FICO score, which is a widely used credit scoring system that ranges from 300 to 850. A lower FICO score is indicative of higher credit risk and a higher FICO score is indicative of lower credit risk. FICO scores are updated at least on a quarterly basis. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Residential Home equity: 800+ 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Home equity Other consumer: 800+ 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Other consumer Consumer portfolio 
 At December 31, 2021 (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total Residential: 800+ 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Residential Home equity: 800+ 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Home equity Other consumer: 800+ 740-799 670-739 580-669 579 and below Other consumer Consumer portfolio 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and the carrying amount of collateral dependent consumer loans totaled million and million, respectively. Commercial non-mortgage, asset-based, and equipment financing loans and leases are generally secured by machinery and equipment, inventory, receivables, or other non-real estate assets, whereas commercial real estate, multi-family, residential, home equity, and other consumer loans are secured by real estate. The ACL for collateral dependent loans and leases is individually assessed based on the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell at the reporting date. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the collateral value associated with collateral dependent loans and leases totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 The following table summarizes information related to TDRs: At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Accrual status Non-accrual status Total TDRs Additional funds committed to borrowers in TDR status Specific reserves for TDRs included in the ACL on loans and leases: Commercial portfolio Consumer portfolio 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the portion of TDRs deemed to be uncollectible and charged-off totaled million, million, million for the commercial portfolio, respectively, and million, million, and million for the consumer portfolio, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted interest rate Maturity / rate combined Other (2) 
 Asset-based: Other (2) 
 Commercial real estate: Extended maturity Maturity / rate combined Other (2) 
 Equipment financing: Other (2) 
 Residential: Extended maturity Maturity / rate combined Other (2) 
 Home equity: Extended maturity Adjusted interest rate Maturity / rate combined Other (2) 
 Total TDRs 
 (1) Post-modification balances approximate pre-modification balances. The aggregate amount of charge-offs due to restructurings was not significant. 
 (2) Other includes covenant modifications, forbearance, discharges under Chapter 7 bankruptcy, or other concessions. 
 commercial non-mortgage, residential, and other consumer loans with aggregated amortized costs totaling million, million, and million, respectively, that were modified as TDRs within the previous twelve months and for which there was a payment default. There were significant loans and leases modified as TDRs within the previous twelve months and for which there was a payment default during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were commercial non-mortgage loans with an aggregated amortized cost totaling million that were modified as TDRs within the previous twelve months and for which there was a payment default. 

96 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5: 
 Origination fees Fair value adjustments ) ) ) Mortgage banking activities Proceeds from sale Loans sold with servicing rights retained 
 Under certain circumstances, the Company may decide to sell loans that were not originated or otherwise acquired with the intent to sell. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company sold loans not originated for sale for proceeds of million, million, and million, respectively, which resulted in net gains on sale of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 In addition, the Company may retain servicing rights on its residential mortgage loans sold in the normal course of business. At both December 31, 2022, and 2021, the aggregate principal balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for others totaled billion. Mortgage servicing rights are held at the lower of cost, net of accumulated amortization, or fair market value, and are included in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company assesses mortgage servicing rights for impairment each quarter and establishes or adjusts the valuation allowance to the extent that amortized cost exceeds the estimated fair market value. 
 Acquired from Sterling Additions Amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) Adjustment to valuation allowance ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company implemented a change in the method of amortization applied to its mortgage servicing rights to better reflect the pattern of consumption, where estimated future cash flows are now assessed at the individual loan level as opposed to on a pooled basis. 
 Loan servicing fees, net of mortgage servicing rights amortization, were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included in Loan and lease related fees on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Information regarding loans held for sale and mortgage servicing rights can be found within Note 18: Fair Value Measurements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6: 
 Buildings and improvements Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Data processing equipment and software Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net ROU lease assets, net Premises and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included in both Occupancy and Technology and equipment expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Additional information regarding ROU lease assets can be found within Note 7: Leasing. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company launched and completed a corporate real estate consolidation strategy in which the Company closed locations in order to reduce its corporate real estate facility square footage by approximately . In connection with this corporate real estate consolidation plan, the Company had arranged to sell its New Britain, Connecticut facility, which is comprised of land, buildings, and improvements, within the next twelve months. This resulted in a million write-down to the fair market value of the property and the subsequent transfer of the property to assets held for disposition. The sale of the New Britain property is expected to close during the second quarter of 2023. 
 The Company also recorded a million loss on disposals of property and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily comprised internal use software and construction in progress that were acquired from Sterling in the merger, due to the Company's decision to stop further project development later in 2022. 
 Transfers from (to) property and equipment ) Write-downs ) Sales ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Assets held for disposition are included in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7: 
 to , some of which include renewal options and/or options for the lessee to purchase the lease near or at the end of the least term. The Company recognized interest income from its sales-type and direct financing lessor activities of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company does not have any significant operating leases in which it is the lessor. Additional information regarding the Company's equipment financing portfolio can be found within Note 4: Loans and Leases. 
 Unguaranteed residual values Total net investment 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments receivable Present value adjustment ) Total net investment 
 Lessee Arrangements 
 The Company enters into operating leases in the normal course of business, primarily for office space, banking centers, and other operational activities. These leases generally have remaining lease terms of one to . The Company does not have any significant sub-leases nor finance leases in which it is the lessee. 
 Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 ROU lease asset impairment charges totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Occupancy on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. The impairment charge recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, pertained to the Company's corporate real estate consolidation plan, discussed previously in Note 6: Premises and Equipment. The amount of such impairment was calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of the assets determined using a discounted cash flow technique, relative to their book value. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Sublease income ) ) ) Total operating lease expense Other Information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities ROU lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 (1) Excludes ROU lease assets acquired from Sterling in the merger. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Present value adjustment ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8: 
 Sterling merger Bend acquisition Balance, end of period 
 Information regarding goodwill by reportable segment can be found within Note 21: Segment Reporting. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Customer relationships Other intangible assets 
 (1) The increase in the gross carrying amount of other intangible assets is primarily attributed to the merger with Sterling and acquisition of Bend, in which the Company recorded a combined million in core deposits and million of customer relationships. These other intangible assets are being amortized on an accelerated basis over a period of years. 
 The remaining estimated aggregate future amortization expense for other intangible assets 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9: 
 State and local Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Total federal Total state and local Income tax expense 
 Included in the Company's income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, are net tax credits of approximately million, million, and million, respectively. These amounts relate primarily to LIHTC investments and include associated SALT credits and benefits, with the increase in 2022 primarily attributable to Webster's merger with Sterling. 
 Also included in the Company's income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, are benefits from operating loss carryforward of million and million, respectively. The 2022 amount includes a million benefit related to a reduction in the Company's beginning-of-year valuation allowance for its SALT DTAs. The deferred federal benefit in 2021 reflects the effects of elections the Company made on its 2020 federal tax return to defer cost recovery deductions, which did not impact deferred state and local expense to any significant degree. 
 : 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Income tax expense at federal statutory rate Reconciliation to reported income tax expense: SALT expense, net of federal Tax-exempt interest income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-deductible FDIC Deposit insurance premiums Low income housing tax credits and other benefits, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-deductible compensation expense Non-deductible merger-related expenses, excluding compensation SALT DTA valuation allowance adjustment, net ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Income tax expense and effective tax rate 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Net operating loss and credit carry forwards Compensation and employee benefit plans Lease liabilities under operating leases Net unrealized loss on AFS securities Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Net unrealized gain on AFS securities ROU assets under operating leases Equipment financing leases Goodwill and other intangible assets Purchase accounting and fair value adjustments Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets, net 
 The Company's DTAs, net increased by million during 2022, primarily reflecting the million deferred tax benefit and a million benefit allocated directly to AOCI, partially offset by a million deferred tax liability, net, established in purchase accounting related to the merger with Sterling and acquisition of Bend. 
 The valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022, consists of approximately million attributable to SALT net operating loss carryforwards and million of federal credit carryforwards, as compared to million at December 31, 2021, attributable to SALT net operating loss carryforwards. The million net decrease in the valuation allowance during 2022 reflects the million reduction in the beginning-of-year valuation allowance related to a change in management's estimate about the realizability of the Company's SALT DTAs due to an estimated increase in future taxable income associated with the Sterling merger, partially offset by a million valuation allowance established in purchase accounting related to the Bend acquisition. 
 SALT net operating loss carryforwards approximated billion at December 31, 2022, including those related to the Sterling merger and Bend acquisition, and are scheduled to expire in varying amounts during tax years 2024 through 2032. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and credit carryforwards of million at December 31, 2022, related to the Bend acquisition are subject to annual limitations on utilization, with the net operating losses able to be carried forward indefinitely and the credits scheduled to expire in varying amounts between 2038 and 2041. The valuation allowance has been established for approximately million of those SALT net operating loss carryforwards and the million of federal credit carryforwards that are estimated to expire unused. 
 Management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize its total DTAs, net of the valuation allowance. Although taxable income in prior years is no longer able to be included as a source of taxable income, due to the general repeal of the carryback of net operating losses under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, significant positive evidence remains in support of management's conclusion regarding the realizability of the Company's DTAs, including projected future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and book-taxable income levels in recent and projected in future years. There can, however, be no assurance that any specific level of future income will be generated or that the Company s DTAs will ultimately be realized. 
 DTLs of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, have not been recognized for certain thrift bad-debt reserves, established before 1988, that would become taxable upon the occurrence of certain events: distributions by the Bank in excess of certain earnings and profits; the redemption of the Bank s stock; or liquidation. The Company does not expect any of those events to occur. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the cumulative taxable temporary differences applicable to those reserves approximated million and million, respectively, with the increase in 2022 attributable to the merger with Sterling. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Additions as a result of tax positions taken during the current year Additions as a result of tax positions taken during prior years Reductions as a result of tax positions taken during prior years ) ) ) Reductions relating to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Reductions as a result of lapse of statute of limitation periods ) ) ) Ending balance 
 The increase in additions as a result of tax positions taken during prior years reflects the merger with Sterling. At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were million, million, and million, respectively, of UTBs that if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to UTBs, where applicable, in income tax expense. The Company recognized an expense of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and a benefit of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest and penalties related to UTBs of million and million respectively. 
 The Company has determined it is reasonably possible that its total UTBs could decrease by between million and million by the end of 2023 as a result of potential lapses in statute-of-limitation periods and/or potential settlements with taxing authorities, primarily concerning various depreciation and state and local apportionment and tax-base determinations. 
 The Company's federal tax returns for all years subsequent to 2018 remain open to examination, including the carryback of a Sterling 2019 net operating loss under the CARES Act in 2020 to tax years 2014 and 2016, currently under review by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company's tax returns filed in its principal state tax jurisdictions of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York, and Rhode Island for years subsequent to 2014, or 2018, are either under or remain open to examination. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10: 
 Interest-bearing: Health savings accounts Checking Money market Savings Time deposits Total interest-bearing Total deposits Time deposits, money market, and interest-bearing checking obtained through brokers Aggregate amount of time deposit accounts that exceeded the FDIC limit Demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11: 
 Original maturity of greater than one year, non-callable (2) 
 Total securities sold under agreements to repurchase (1) 
 Federal funds purchased Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings 
 (1) The Company has the right of offset with respect to all repurchase agreement assets and liabilities. Total securities sold under agreements to repurchase are presented as gross transactions, as only liabilities are outstanding for the periods presented. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company and its repurchase agreement counterparty agreed to fully extinguish million long-term, structured repurchase agreements. As a result, a net fee of million was paid to the Company, which was recognized as a gain and recorded within Other income on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are used as a source of borrowed funds and are collateralized by Agency MBS and Corporate debt. The Company's repurchase agreement counterparties are limited to primary dealers in government securities, and commercial and municipal customers through the Corporate Treasury function. The Company may also purchase unsecured term and overnight federal funds to satisfy its short-term liquidity needs. 
 After 1 but within 2 years After 2 but within 3 years After 3 but within 4 years After 4 but within 5 years After 5 years FHLB advances Aggregate carrying value of assets pledged as collateral Remaining borrowing capacity at FHLB 
 The Bank may borrow up to the amount of eligible mortgages and securities that have been pledged as collateral to secure FHLB advances, which includes certain residential and commercial real estate loans, home equity lines of credit, MBS and Agency CLO. The Bank was in compliance with its FHLB collateral requirements at both December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Senior fixed-rate notes due February 15, 2024 Senior fixed-rate notes due March 25, 2029 (1) 
 Subordinated fixed-to-floating rate notes due December 30, 2029 Subordinated fixed-to-floating rate notes due November 1, 2030 Junior subordinated debt Webster Statutory Trust I floating-rate notes due September 17, 2033 (2) 
 Total senior and subordinated debt Discount on senior fixed-rate notes ) ) Debt issuance cost on senior fixed-rate notes ) ) Premium on subordinated fixed-to-floating rate notes Long-term debt 
 (1) The Company de-designated its fair value hedging relationship on these senior notes in 2020. A basis adjustment of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is included in the carrying value and is being amortized over the remaining life of the senior notes. 
 (2) The interest rate on the Webster Statutory Trust I floating-rate notes, which varies quarterly based on 3-month LIBOR plus , was and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company assumed million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due on December 30, 2029 (the 2029 subordinated notes), in connection with the Sterling merger. The 2029 subordinated notes were issued by Sterling on December 16, 2019, through a public offering, and are redeemable at a price equal to the total principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in whole or in part by the Company on December 30, 2024, or any interest payment date thereafter, upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Until December 30, 2024, the interest rate is fixed at and payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 30 and December 30. From and including December 30, 2024, through the earlier of maturity or redemption, the 2029 subordinated notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to three-month term SOFR plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year, commencing on March 30, 2025. 
 The Company also assumed million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due on November 1, 2030 (the 2030 subordinated notes), in connection with the Sterling merger. The 2030 subordinated notes were issued by Sterling on October 30, 2020, through a public offering, and are redeemable at a price equal to the total principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in whole or in part by the Company on November 1, 2025, or any interest payment date thereafter, upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Until November 1, 2025, the interest rate is fixed at and payable semi-annually in arrears on each May 1 and November 1. From and including November 1, 2025, through the earlier of maturity or redemption, the 2030 subordinated notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to three-month term SOFR plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1 of each year, commencing on February 1, 2026. 
 The Company recorded the 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes at their estimated fair value of million and million, respectively, on January 31, 2022. The corresponding purchase premiums are being amortized into interest expense over the remaining lives of the subordinated notes. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12: 
 Issued in business combination Contribution to charitable foundation ) Employee stock compensation plan activity ) Stock options exercised ) Common stock repurchase program ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) In accordance with the merger agreement, shares were issued as consideration for outstanding Sterling common stock, and shares were issued to replace Sterling equity awards. Additional information regarding the determination of the purchase price consideration for the Sterling merger can be found within Note 2: Mergers and Acquisitions. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 The Company maintains a common stock repurchase program, which was approved by the Board of Directors on October 24, 2017, that authorizes management to purchase shares of Webster common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any adopted predetermined trading plan subject to the availability and trading price of stock, general market conditions, alternative uses for capital, regulatory considerations, and the Company's financial performance. On April 27, 2022, the Board of Directors increased the Company's authority to repurchase shares of Webster common stock under the repurchase program by million in shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares under the program at a weighted-average price of per share, totaling million. At December 31, 2022, the Company's remaining purchase authority was million. 
 In addition, the Company will periodically acquire Webster common stock outside of the repurchase program related to employee stock compensation plan activity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares at a weighted-average price of per share, totaling million for this purpose. 
 Contribution to Charitable Foundation 
 On July 8, 2022, the Company made an unrestricted and unconditional contribution of Webster common shares to the Webster Bank Charitable Foundation, a nonprofit charitable organization with a focus on education and community development that serves communities in the Greater New York City, Lower Hudson Valley, Long Island, and New Jersey areas. The fair value of these shares based on their closing price on the contribution date was million. 
 Change in Common Shares Authorized 
 The number of authorized shares of Webster common stock was increased from million shares to million shares on January 31, 2022, in connection with the completion of the merger with Sterling and in accordance with the merger agreement. 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 On December 12, 2017, the Company closed on a public offering of depositary shares, each representing 1/1000th ownership interest in a share of Series F Non-Cumulative Preferred Perpetual Stock, par value per share, with a liquidation preference equal to per share (the Series F Preferred Stock). 
 Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and are not mandatory. If declared by the Board of Directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, the Company will pay dividends quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth day of each March, June, September, and December, at a rate equal to of the per share liquidation amount per annum. If a dividend on the Series F Preferred Stock is not declared in respect of a dividend period, a dividend will not accrue and the Company has no obligation to pay any dividend for that period, regardless as to whether a dividend is declared for a future period on the Series F Preferred Stock or any other series of Webster preferred stock. The terms of the Series F Preferred Stock prohibit the Company from declaring or paying any cash dividends on Webster common stock, and from repurchasing, redeeming, or otherwise acquiring Webster common stock or any other series of Webster preferred stock to which it ranks on parity with, unless dividends have been declared and paid in full on the Series F Preferred Stock for the most recent dividend period. 
 The Series F Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date, and is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provisions. Except with respect to certain non-payment events and certain changes to the terms of the Series F Preferred Stock, holders have no voting rights nor preemptive or conversion rights. The Series F Preferred Stock is not convertible or exchangeable for shares of any other class of Webster stock. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 depositary shares, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of Series G Non-Cumulative Preferred Perpetual Stock, par value per share, with a liquidation preference equal to per share (the Series G Preferred Stock). The Series G Preferred Stock ranks on parity with the Series F Preferred Stock and senior to Webster common stock, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions upon the liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company. 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and are not mandatory. If declared by the Board of Directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, the Company will pay dividends quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth day of each January, April, July, and October, at a rate equal to of the per share liquidation amount per annum. If a dividend on the Series F Preferred Stock is not declared in respect of a dividend period, a dividend will not accrue and the Company has no obligation to pay any dividend for that period, regardless as to whether a dividend is declared for a future period on the Series G Preferred Stock or any other series of Webster preferred stock. The terms of the Series G Preferred Stock prohibit the Company from declaring or paying any cash dividends on Webster common stock, and from repurchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring Webster common stock or any other series of Webster preferred stock to which it ranks on parity with, unless dividends have been declared and paid in full on the Series G Preferred Stock for the most recent dividend period. 
 The Series G Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date, and is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provisions. Except with respect to certain non-payment events and certain changes to the terms of the Series G Preferred Stock, holders have no voting rights, nor preemptive or conversion rights. The Series G Preferred Stock is not convertible or exchangeable for shares of any other class of Webster stock. 
 Preferred Stock Redemptions 
 The Company may redeem either the Series F Preferred Stock or the Series G Preferred Stock at its option, in whole or in part, subject to the approval of Federal Reserve Board, on any dividend payment date, or in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of a regulatory capital treatment event, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation preference plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Company has no plans to redeem either its Series F Preferred Stock or its Series G Preferred stock, in whole or in part, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13: 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) )) (Loss) gain on sale of investment securities, net Tax benefit (expense) ) Income tax expense Net of tax ) Derivative instruments: Hedge terminations ) ) ) Interest expense Premium amortization ) ) ) Interest income Tax benefit Income tax expense Net of tax ) ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Actuarial net loss amortization ) ) ) Other non-interest expense Tax benefit Income tax expense Net of tax ) ) ) 
 110 

Table of Contents ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income ) Total investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Derivative instruments: Net unrealized (losses) arising during the year ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income ) Total derivative instruments ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net actuarial (loss) arising during the year ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net actuarial loss amortization included in net income ) Total defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans ) ) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Amount Before Tax Tax Benefit (Expense) Amount Net of Tax Investment securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized holding (losses) arising during the year ) ) Total investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Derivative instruments: Net unrealized (losses) arising during the year ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income ) Total derivative instruments ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net actuarial gain arising during the year ) Reclassification adjustment for net actuarial loss amortization included in net income ) Total defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans ) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Amount Before Tax Tax Benefit (Expense) Amount Net of Tax Investment securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized holding gains arising during the year ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains included in net income ) ) Total investment securities available-for-sale ) Derivative instruments: Net unrealized gains arising during the year ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income ) Total derivative instruments ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net actuarial (loss) arising during the year ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net actuarial loss amortization included in net income ) Total defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14: 
 Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage capital Webster Bank CET1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage capital At December 31, 2021 Actual (1) 
 Minimum Requirement Well Capitalized (In thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Webster Financial Corporation CET1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage capital Webster Bank CET1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage capital 
 (1) In accordance with regulatory capital rules, the Company elected an option to delay the estimated impact of the adoption of CECL on its regulatory capital over a two-year deferral period, which ended on January 1, 2022, and a subsequent three-year transition period ending on December 31, 2024. Therefore, the December, 31, 2021 regulatory capital ratios and amounts exclude the impact of the increased ACL on loans and leases, HTM investment securities, and unfunded loan commitments attributed to the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, adjusted for an approximation of the after-tax provision for credit losses attributable to CECL relative to the incurred loss methodology during the deferral period. During the three year transition period, regulatory capital ratios will begin to phase out the aggregate amount of the regulatory capital benefit provided in the initial two years. For 2022, 2023, and 2024, the Company is allowed 75 , 50 , and 25 of the regulatory capital benefit as of December 31, 2021, respectively, with full absorption occurring in 2025. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in dividends during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for which no express approval from the OCC was required. 
 Cash Restrictions 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15: 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net investment in LIHTC investments Unfunded commitments for LIHTC investments (1) 
 
 (1) The Company acquired million of LIHTC investments and assumed million of unfunded commitments for LIHTC investments in connection with the Sterling merger on January 31, 2022. 
 The aggregate carrying value of the Company's LIHTC investments is included in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, and represents the Company's maximum exposure to loss. The related unfunded commitments are included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition to the LIHTC investments acquired from Sterling, there were million and million of net commitments approved to fund LIHTC investments during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Webster Statutory Trust. The Company owns all the outstanding common stock of Webster Statutory Trust, a financial vehicle that has issued, and in the future may issue, trust preferred securities. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of Webster Statutory Trust. Webster Statutory Trust's only assets are junior subordinated debentures that are issued by the Company, which were acquired using the proceeds from the issuance of trust preferred securities and common stock. The junior subordinated debentures are included in Long-term debt on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the related interest expense is reported as Interest expense on Long-term debt on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Additional information regarding these junior subordinated debentures can be found within Note 11: Borrowings. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which is included in Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, and its maximum exposure to loss, including unfunded commitments, was million and million, respectively. Additional information regarding other non-marketable investments can be found within Note 18: Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Note 16: 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common stockholders Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities Earnings applicable to common stockholders Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic Add: Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 Earnings per common share is calculated under the two-class method in which all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common stock and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends. The Company may grant restricted stock, restricted stock units, non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, or stock appreciation rights to certain employees and directors under its stock-based compensation programs, which entitle recipients to receive non-forfeitable dividends during the vesting period on a basis equivalent to the dividends paid to holders of common stock. These unvested awards meet the definition of participating securities. 
 , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Additional information regarding stock options and restricted stock awards can be found within Note 20: Share-Based Plans . 
 
 Note 17: Derivative Financial Instruments 
 Derivative Positions and Offsetting 
 Derivatives Designated in Hedge Relationships. Interest rate swaps allow the Company to change the fixed or variable nature of an interest rate without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Certain pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges to effectively convert variable-rate debt into fixed-rate debt. While certain receive fixed/pay variable interest rate swaps may be designated as fair value hedges to effectively convert fixed-rate long-term debt into variable-rate debt, the Company did not have any such instruments designated as fair value hedges at December 31, 2022, and 2021. Certain purchased options are also designated as cash flow hedges. Purchased options allow the Company to limit the potential adverse impact of variable interest rates by establishing a cap rate or floor rate in exchange for an upfront premium. The purchased options designated as cash flow hedges represent interest rate caps where payment is received from the counterparty if interest rates rise above the cap rate, and interest rate floors where payment is received from the counterparty when interest rates fall below the floor rate. 
 Derivatives Not Designated in Hedge Relationships. The Company also enters into other derivative transactions to manage economic risks, but does not designate the instruments in hedge relationships. In addition, the Company enters into derivative contracts to accommodate customer needs. Derivative contracts with customers are offset with dealer counterparty transactions structured with matching terms to ensure minimal impact on earnings. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 Mortgage banking derivatives (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total not designated as hedging instruments Gross derivative instruments, before netting Less: Master netting agreements Cash collateral Total derivative instruments, after netting At December 31, 2021 Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives (In thousands) Notional Amounts Fair Value Notional Amounts Fair Value Designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 Not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 Mortgage banking derivatives (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total not designated as hedging instruments Gross derivative instruments, before netting Less: Master netting agreements Cash collateral 
 (1) Balances related to clearing houses are presented as a single unit of account. In accordance with their rule books, clearing houses legally characterize variation margin payments as settlement of derivatives rather than collateral against derivative positions. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, notional amounts of interest rate swaps cleared through clearing houses include billion and billion for asset derivatives, respectively, and and billion for liability derivatives, respectively. The related fair values approximate . 
 (2) Notional amounts related to residential loans exclude approved floating rate commitments of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Other derivatives include foreign currency forward contracts related to lending arrangements and customer hedging activity, a Visa equity swap transaction, and risk participation agreements. Notional amounts of risk participation agreements include million and million for asset derivatives and million and million for liability derivatives at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which have insignificant related fair values. 
 Liability derivatives At December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Gross Amount Recognized Derivative Offset Amount Cash Collateral Received/Pledged Net Amount Presented Amounts Not Offset Asset derivatives Liability derivatives 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative Activity 
 Interest rate derivatives Long-term debt Net recognized on cash flow hedges ) 
 The following table summarizes information related to a fair value hedging adjustment: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Line Item in Which Previously Hedged Item is Located Carrying Amount of Previously Hedged Item Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in Carrying Amount At December 31, At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Long-term debt (1) 
 
 (1) The Company de-designated its fair value hedging relationship on its long-term debt in 2020. The basis adjustment included in the carrying amount is being amortized into interest expense over the remaining life of the long-term debt. 
 Mortgage banking derivatives Mortgage banking activities ) ) Other Other income ) Total not designated as hedging instruments 
 Time-value premiums, which are amortized on a straight-line basis, are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness for purchased options designated as cash flow hedges. At December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized balance of time-value premiums was million. Over the next twelve months, an estimated decrease to interest income of million will be reclassified from (AOCL) relating to cash flow hedge gain/loss, and an estimated increase to interest expense of million will be reclassified from (AOCL) relating to cash flow hedge terminations. At December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized loss on terminated cash flow hedges is million. The maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is years. Additional information regarding cash flow hedge activity impacting (AOCL) and the related amounts reclassified to net income can be found within Note 13: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, Net of Tax. 
 Derivative Exposure. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million in initial margin collateral posted at clearing houses. In addition, million of cash collateral received is included in Cash and due from banks on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company regularly evaluates the credit risk of its derivative customers, taking into account the likelihood of default, net exposures, and remaining contractual life, among other related factors. Credit risk exposure is mitigated as transactions with customers are generally secured by the same collateral of the underlying transactions. Current net credit exposure relating to interest rate derivatives with the Bank's customers was million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company monitors potential future exposure, representing its best estimate of exposure to remaining contractual maturity. The potential future exposure related to interest rate derivatives with the Bank's customers totaled million at December 31, 2022. The Company has incorporated a valuation adjustment to reflect non-performance risk in the fair value measurement of its derivatives, which totaled million and ) million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Various factors impact changes in the valuation adjustment over time, such as changes in the credit spreads of the contracted parties, and changes in market rates and volatilities, which affect the total expected exposure of the derivative instruments. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Note 18: 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 Rabbi Trust Investments. Investments held in each of the Company's Rabbi Trusts consist primarily of mutual funds that invest in equity and fixed income securities. Shares of these mutual funds are valued based on the NAV as reported by the trustee of the funds, which represents quoted prices in active markets. The Company has elected to measure the Rabbi Trusts' investments at fair value. Accordingly, the Rabbi Trusts' investments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total cost basis of the investments held in the Rabbi Trusts was million and million, respectively. 
 Alternative Investments. Equity investments have a readily determinable fair value when unadjusted quoted prices are available in an active market for identical assets. Accordingly, these alternative investments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, equity investments with a readily determinable fair value had a total carrying amount of million and million, respectively, with no remaining unfunded commitment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were total write-downs in fair value of million associated with these alternative investments. 
 Equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value may qualify for the NAV practical expedient if they meet certain requirements. The Company's alternative investments measured at NAV consist of investments in non-public entities that cannot be redeemed since investments are distributed as the underlying equity is liquidated. Alternative investments measured at NAV are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, these alternative investments had a total carrying amount of million and million, respectively, and a remaining unfunded commitment of million and million, respectively. 
 Government agency debentures Municipal bonds and notes Agency CMO Agency MBS Agency CMBS CMBS CLO Corporate debt Private label MBS Other Total AFS investment securities Gross derivative instruments, before netting (1) 
 Originated loans held for sale Investments held in Rabbi Trusts Alternative investments (2) 
 Total financial assets Financial Liabilities: 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Agency CMO Agency MBS Agency CMBS CMBS CLO Corporate debt Total AFS investment securities Gross derivative instruments, before netting (1) 
 Originated loans held for sale Investments held in Rabbi Trust Alternative investments (2) 
 Total financial assets Financial Liabilities: Gross derivative instruments, before netting (1) 
 
 (1) Additional information regarding the impact of netting derivative assets and derivative liabilities, as well as the impact from offsetting cash collateral paid to the same derivative counterparties, can be found in Note 17: Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 (2) Certain alternative investments are recorded at NAV. Assets measured at NAV are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
 Alternative Investments. The measurement alternative has been elected for alternative investments without readily determinable fair values that do not qualify for the NAV practical expedient. The measurement alternative requires investments to be measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Accordingly, these alternative investments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total carrying amount of these alternative investments was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were considered to be measured at fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were million of total net write-ups due to observable price changes and million of total write-downs due to impairment. 
 Loans Transferred to Held for Sale. Once a decision has been made to sell loans not previously classified as held for sale, these loans are transferred into the held for sale category and carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. At the time of transfer into held for sale classification, any amount by which cost exceeds fair value is accounted for as a valuation allowance. This activity generally pertains to commercial loans with observable inputs, and therefore, are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. However, should these loans include adjustments for changes in loan characteristics based on unobservable inputs, the loans would then be classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no loans transferred to held for sale on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Collateral Dependent Loans and Leases. Loans and leases for which repayment is substantially expected to be provided through the operation or sale of collateral are considered collateral dependent, and are valued based on the estimated fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell at the reporting date, using customized discounting criteria. Accordingly, collateral dependent loans and leases are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 OREO and Repossessed Assets. OREO and repossessed assets are held at the lower of cost or fair value and are considered to be measured at fair value when recorded below cost. The fair value of OREO is calculated using independent appraisals or internal valuation methods, less estimated selling costs, and may consider available pricing guides, auction results, and price opinions. Certain repossessed assets may also require assumptions about factors that are not observable in an active market when determining fair value. Accordingly, OREO and repossessed assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total book value of OREO and repossessed assets was million and million, respectively. In addition, the amortized cost of consumer loans secured by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022, was million. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 121 

Table of Contents 

 Level 2 HTM investment securities Level 3 Loans and leases, net Mortgage servicing rights Liabilities: Level 2 Deposit liabilities Time deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings FHLB advances Long-term debt (1) 

122 

Table of Contents 

 Note 19: 
 Benefit obligation assumed from Sterling Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Change in plan assets: Beginning balance Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Funded status (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The overfunded (underfunded) status of each plan is respectively included in Accrued interest receivable and other assets or Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, as applicable. 
 Excluding the impact of the merger with Sterling, the change in the total funded status of the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans is primarily attributed to higher actuarial gains due to the increase in discount rate and, for the pension plan only, a negative return on plan assets due to lower market valuations. 
 SERP: Webster Bank Supplemental Defined Benefit Plan for Executive Officers Astoria Bank Excess Benefit and Supplemental Benefit Plans n/a Astoria Bank Directors' Retirement Plan n/a Retirement Plan of the Greater New York Savings Bank for Non-Employee Directors n/a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Provident Bank n/a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Provident Bank - Other n/a OPEB: Webster Bank Postretirement Medical Benefit Plan Sterling Bancorp Supplemental Postretirement Life Insurance Plan n/a Astoria Bank Postretirement Welfare Benefit Plans n/a Split Dollar Life Insurance Arrangement n/a 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Deferred tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net amount recorded in (AOCL) AOCI ) ) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit (income) cost (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Net periodic benefit (income) cost is included in Other expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 SERP: Webster Bank Supplemental Defined Benefit Plan for Executive Officers Astoria Bank Excess Benefit and Supplemental Benefit Plans n/a n/a Astoria Bank Directors' Retirement Plan n/a n/a Retirement Plan of the Greater New York Savings Bank for Non-Employee Directors n/a n/a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Provident Bank n/a n/a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Provident Bank - Other n/a n/a OPEB: Webster Bank Postretirement Medical Benefit Plan Sterling Bancorp Supplemental Postretirement Life Insurance Plan n/a n/a Astoria Bank Postretirement Welfare Benefit Plans n/a n/a Split Dollar Life Insurance Arrangement n/a n/a Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets 2022 2021 2020 Pension: Webster Bank Pension Plan Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rate (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 OPEB: Webster Bank Postretirement Medical Benefit Plan Astoria Bank Postretirement Welfare Benefit Plans n/a n/a 
 (1) The rates to which the healthcare cost trend rates are assumed to decline (ultimate trend rates) along with the year that the ultimate trend rates will be reached for the Webster Bank Postretirement Medical Benefit Plan and the Astoria Bank Postretirement Welfare Benefit Plans are in 2030, and in 2033, respectively. 
 The discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation and net periodic benefit (income) cost for the Company's defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans were generally selected by reference to a high-quality bond yield curve, using a full yield curve approach, and matched to the timing and amount of each plan's expected benefit payments. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from (AOCL) AOCI ) ) ) -4027000 ) ) ) Total loss (gain) recognized in (OCL) OCI ) ) ) ) ) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Asset Management 
 The Pension Plan invests primarily in common collective trusts and registered investment companies. However, the Pension Plan's investment policy guidelines also allow for the investment in cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, and equity securities. Common collective trusts and registered investment companies are both benchmarked against the Standard Poor's 500 Index. Incremental benchmarks used to assess the common collective trusts include the S P 400 Mid Cap Index, Russell 200 Index, MSCI ACWI ex U.S. Index, and the Barclay's Capital U.S. Long Credit Index. The standard deviation should not exceed that of the composite index. The Pension Plan's investment strategy and asset allocations are monitored by the Company's Retirement Plans Committee with the assistance of external investment advisors, and the investment portfolio is rebalanced, as appropriate. The target asset allocation percentages for the year ended December 31, 2022, were fixed-income investments and equity investments. The actual asset allocation percentages for the year ended December 31, 2022, were fixed-income investments, equity investments, and cash and cash equivalents. 
 The overall investment objective of the Pension Plan is to maintain a diversified portfolio with a targeted expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of approximately . The expected long-term rate of return on plans assets is the average rate of return expected to be realized on funds invested or expected to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligation. The expected long-term rate of return on plans assets is established at the beginning of the year based upon historical and projected returns for each asset category. Depending on market conditions, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may exceed or fall short of the targeted percentage. 
 Fair Value Measurement 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the Pension Plan's assets measured at fair value: 
 Common Collective Trusts. Common collective trusts are valued based on the NAV as reported by the trustee of the funds. The funds' underlying investments, which primarily comprise fixed-income debt securities and open-end mutual funds, are valued using quoted market prices in active markets or unobservable inputs for similar assets. Therefore, common collective trusts are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Transactions may occur daily within a trust. If a full redemption of the trust were to be initiated, the investment advisor reserves the right to temporarily delay withdrawals from the trust in order to ensure that the liquidation of securities is carried out in an orderly business manner. 
 Registered Investment Companies. Registered investment companies are valued at the daily closing price as reported by the funds. Registered investment companies held by the Pension Plan are quoted in an active market and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are recorded at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value given the short time frame to maturity, and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Registered investment companies Cash and cash equivalents Total pension plan assets 
 Multiple-Employer Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
 The Bank participates in a multi-employer plan that provides pension benefits to former employees of a bank acquired by the Company. Participation in the plan was frozen as of September 1, 2004. The plan maintains a single trust and does not segregate the assets or liabilities of its participating employers. Minimum required employer contributions are determined by an independent actuary and are calculated using a -year shortfall amortization factor. There are no collective bargaining agreements or other obligations requiring contributions to the plan, nor has a funding improvement plan been implemented. 
 
 The Bank's contributions to the multi-employer plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, did not exceed more than 5 of total plan contributions for the plan years ended June 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019. The plan's Form 5500 was not available for the plan year ended June 30, 2022, as of the date the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements were issued. As of July 1, 2022, the date of the most recent actuarial valuation, the plan administrator confirmed that the Bank s portion of the multi-employer plan was million underfunded. 
 Defined Contribution Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 The Bank also sponsors defined contribution postretirement benefit plans established under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code: 
 Webster Bank Retirement Savings Plan. Employees who have attained age 21 may elect to contribute up to of their eligible compensation on either a pre-tax or post-tax basis. The Bank makes matching contributions equal to of the first and of the next of employees contributions after employees have completed one year of eligible service. If an employee fails to enroll in the plan within 90 days of hire, the employee will be automatically enrolled on a pre-tax basis with a deferral rate set at of eligible compensation. Individuals who became employees of the Company as a result of the merger with Sterling are not eligible to participate in the plan. 
 Sterling National Bank 401k and Profit Sharing Plan. Eligible legacy Sterling employees as January 31, 2022, who are now employees of the Company may elect to contribute up to of their eligible compensation to the plan. The Bank makes matching contributions equal to of employee contributions up to of eligible compensation, for a maximum match of , and a profit sharing contribution equal to of eligible compensation for all eligible legacy Sterling employees, regardless of whether they had contributed to the plan in the current year. The plan also includes an automatic employee deferral increase provision, whereby deferral contributions for participants who had been automatically enrolled in the plan will increase by every January 1 up to . 
 Compensation and benefits expense included total employer contributions under the plans of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Note 20: 
 million shares. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares remaining to be granted. Stock compensation expense is recognized over the required service vesting period for each award based on the grant-date fair value, and is included in Compensation and benefits on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Granted (1) 
 Sterling replacement awards (2) 
 Adjustment (3) 
 ) Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Exercised ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Includes shares for performance-based awards that were granted to certain executives on February 1, 2022, in order to incentivize their efforts to promote the integration of Webster and Sterling. One-third of these awards will be eligible to vest each year, in an amount ranging from to of target, based on the achievement of performance metrics in each of the three performance periods, and generally subject to the executive's continued employment. 
 (2) The Company issued shares of common stock and reissued shares from Treasury stock in order to satisfy its consideration to replace Sterling equity awards under the merger agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an increase of million in stock compensation expense related to the replacement equity awards. 
 (3) Due to the impact of the merger with Sterling on the level of achievement of target performance conditions for the open performance periods applicable to outstanding awards, certain non-vested performance-based restricted stock awards were converted into time-based restricted stock awards on January 31, 2022. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Time-based restricted stock awards vest over the applicable service period ranging from one to . Under the plan, the number of time-based restricted stock awards that may be granted to an eligible individual per calendar year is limited to shares. The fair value of time-based restricted stock awards used to determine compensation expense is measured using the closing price of Webster common stock at the grant date. 
 Performance-based restricted stock awards generally vest after a performance period, with the total share quantity dependent on the Company meeting certain target performance conditions throughout the vesting period, ranging from to . Under the plan, of the share quantity is determined based on total stockholder return as compared to the Company's compensation peer group, while the other is based on the Company's average return on equity. The fair value of performance-based restricted stock awards used to determine compensation expense is calculated using the Monte-Carlo simulation model for total stockholder return awards and the closing price of Webster common stock at the grant date for average return on equity awards. Compensation expense may be subject to adjustment based on management's assessment of the Company's average return on equity performance relative to the target number of shares condition. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized restricted stock compensation expense totaling million, million, and million, respectively. The corresponding income tax benefit recognized was million, million, and million, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock awards that had vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized restricted stock expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

127 

Table of Contents 

 years. The Company has not granted stock options since 2013. At December 31, 2022, there were and incentive and non-qualified stock options outstanding, respectively, which have a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years, and all of which have vested and are exercisable. 
 Total pre-tax intrinsic value, or the difference between the Webster common stock closing price on the last trading day of the year and the weighted-average exercise price multiplied by the number of shares, represents the aggregate intrinsic value that would have been received by the option holders had all of their outstanding options been exercised on December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the total pre-tax intrinsic value was million. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the total intrinsic value of the options exercised was million, million, and million, respectively. The amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Note 21: 
 reportable segments that represent its primary businesses: Commercial Banking, HSA Bank, and Consumer Banking. These segments reflect how executive management responsibilities are assigned, how discrete financial information is evaluated, the type of customer served, and how products and services are provided. Certain Treasury activities, along with the amounts required to reconcile profitability metrics to those reported in accordance with GAAP, are included in the Corporate and Reconciling category. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Company realigned its investment services operations from Commercial Banking to Consumer Banking (called Retail Banking in 2021) to better serve its customers and deliver operational efficiencies. Under this realignment, million of deposits and billion of assets under administration (off-balance sheet) were reassigned from Commercial Banking to Consumer Banking. The Company also realigned certain product management and customer contact center operations from both Commercial Banking and Consumer Banking to the Corporate and Reconciling category, which resulted in an insignificant reassignment of assets and liabilities. 
 There was no goodwill reallocation nor goodwill impairment as a result of these realignments. In addition, the non-interest expense allocation methodology was modified to exclude certain overhead and merger-related costs that are not directly related to segment performance. Prior period balance sheet information and results of operations have been recast accordingly to reflect these realignments. 
 As discussed previously in Note 2: Mergers and Acquisitions, Webster acquired Sterling on January 31, 2022, and the allocation of the purchase price is considered preliminary at December 31, 2022. Accordingly, of the total billion in preliminary goodwill recorded, billion and billion was preliminarily allocated to Commercial Banking and Consumer Banking, respectively. The million of goodwill recorded in connection with the Bend acquisition was allocated entirely to HSA Bank. 
 Segment Reporting Methodology 
 The Company uses an internal profitability reporting system to generate information by reportable segment, which is based on a series of management estimates for funds transfer pricing, and allocations for non-interest expense, provision for credit losses, income taxes, and equity capital. These estimates and allocations, certain of which are subjective in nature, are periodically reviewed and refined. Changes in estimates and allocations that affect the results of any reportable segment do not affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company as a whole. The full profitability measurement reports, which are prepared for each reportable segment, reflect non-GAAP reporting methodologies. The differences between full profitability and GAAP results are reconciled in the Corporate and Reconciling category. 
 The Company allocates interest income and interest expense to each business through an internal matched maturity FTP process. The goal of the FTP allocation is to encourage loan and deposit growth consistent with the Company s overall profitability objectives. The FTP process considers the specific interest rate risk and liquidity risk of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities in each line of business. Loans are assigned an FTP rate for funds used and deposits are assigned an FTP rate for funds provided. The allocation considers the origination date and the earlier of the maturity date or the repricing date of a financial instrument to assign an FTP rate for loans and deposits originated each day. The FTP process transfers the corporate interest rate risk exposure to the treasury function included within the Corporate and Reconciling category where such exposures are centrally managed. 
 The Company allocates a majority of non-interest expense to each reportable segment using an activity and driver-based costing process. Costs, including shared services and back-office support areas, are analyzed, pooled by process, and assigned to the appropriate reportable segment. The combination of direct revenue, direct expenses, funds transfer pricing, and allocations of non-interest expense produces PPNR, which is the basis the segments are reviewed by executive management. The Company also allocates the provision for credit losses to each reportable segment based on management's estimate of the inherent loss content in each of the specific loan and lease portfolios. The ACL on loans and leases is included in total assets within the Corporate and Reconciling category. Business development expenses, such as merger-related and strategic initiatives costs, are also generally included in the Corporate and Reconciling category. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Total assets At December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Goodwill Total assets 
 
 The following tables present operating results, including the appropriate allocations, for the Company s reportable segments and the Corporate and Reconciling category: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Net interest income ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income ) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Net interest income ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue ) (Benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income ) 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Net interest income ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) Income before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income ) 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Note 22: 
 Loan and lease related fees (1) 
 Wealth and investment services ) Other Revenue from contracts with customers Other sources of non-interest income Total non-interest income 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Non-interest Income: Deposit service fees Wealth and investment services ) Other Revenue from contracts with customers Other sources of non-interest income Total non-interest income 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Commercial Banking HSA Bank Consumer Banking Corporate and Reconciling Consolidated Total Non-interest Income: Deposit service fees Wealth and investment services ) Other Revenue from contracts with customers Other sources of non-interest income Total non-interest income 
 (1) A portion of loan and lease related fees comprises income generated from factored receivables and payroll financing activities that is within the scope of ASC Topic 606. These revenue streams were new to the Company in 2022 due to the businesses acquired in connection with the Sterling merger. 
 Contracts with customers did not generate significant contract assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Major Revenue Streams 
 Deposit service fees consist of fees earned from commercial and consumer customer deposit accounts, such as account maintenance and cash management/analysis fees, as well as other transactional service charges (i.e., insufficient funds, wire transfer, stop payment fees, etc.). Performance obligations for account maintenance services and cash management/analysis fees are satisfied on a monthly basis at a fixed transaction price, whereas performance obligations for other deposit service charges that result from various customer-initiated transactions are satisfied at a point-in-time when the service is rendered. Payment for deposit service fees is generally received immediately or in the following month through a direct charge to the customers' accounts. Certain commercial customer contracts include credit clauses, whereby the Company will grant credit upon the customer meeting pre-determined conditions, which can be used to offset fees. On occasion, the Company may also waive certain fees. Fee waivers are recognized as a reduction to revenue in the period the waiver is granted to the customer. Due to the insignificance of the amounts waived, the Company does not reduce its transaction price to reflect any variable consideration. 
 The deposit service fees revenue stream also includes interchange fees earned from debit and credit card transactions. The transaction price for interchange services is based on the transaction value and the interchange rate set by the card network. Performance obligations for interchange fees are satisfied at a point-in-time when the cardholders' transaction is authorized and settled. Payment for interchange fees is generally received immediately or in the following month. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 132 

Table of Contents 

 Note 23: 
 Standby letters of credit Commercial letters of credit Total credit-related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk 
 The Company enters into contractual commitments to extend credit to its customers (i.e., revolving credit arrangements, term loan commitments, and short-term borrowing agreements), generally with fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and that require payment of a fee. Substantially all of the Company's commitments to extend credit are contingent upon its customers maintaining specific credit standards at the time of loan funding, and are often secured by real estate collateral. Since the majority of the Company's commitments typically expire without being funded, the total contractual amount does not necessarily represent the Company's future payment requirements. 
 Standby letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee its customers' performance to a third party. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of its agreement with a third-party, the Company would be required to fund the commitment. The contractual amount of each standby letter of credit represents the maximum amount of potential future payments the Company could be required to make. Historically, the majority of the Company's standby letters of credit expire without being funded. However, if the commitment were funded, the Company has recourse against the customer. The Company's standby letter of credit agreements are often secured by cash or other collateral. 
 Commercial letters of credit are issued to finance either domestic or foreign customer trade arrangements. As a general rule, drafts are committed to be drawn when the goods underlying the transaction are in transit. Similar to standby letters of credit, the Company's commercial letter of credit agreements are often secured by the underlying goods subject to trade. 
 Adoption of CECL ACL established in the Sterling merger Provision for credit losses Balance, end of period 
 Litigation 
 The Company is subject to certain legal proceedings and unasserted claims and assessments in the ordinary course of business. Legal contingencies are evaluated based on information currently available, including advice of counsel and assessment of available insurance coverage. The Company establishes an accrual for specific legal matters when it determines that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Once established, each accrual is adjusted to reflect any subsequent developments. Legal contingencies are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings may occur that could cause the Company to either adjust its litigation accrual or incur actual losses that exceed the current estimate, which ultimately could have a material adverse effect, either individually or in the aggregate, on its business, financial condition, or operating results. The Company will consider settlement of cases when it is in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. The Company intends to defend itself in all claims asserted against it, and management currently believes that the outcome of these contingencies will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company or its consolidated financial position. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Note 24: 
 Intercompany debt securities Investment in subsidiaries Alternative investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity: Senior notes Subordinated notes Junior subordinated debt Accrued interest payable Due to subsidiaries Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Interest income on securities and interest-bearing deposits Alternative investments income Other non-interest income Total income Expense: Interest expense on borrowings Merger-related expenses Other non-interest expense Total expense Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) Income tax benefit Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net income 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Derivative instruments Other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Common stock contribution to charitable foundation Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Alternative investments (capital call), net of distributions ) ) ) Net cash received in business combination Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchase program ) ) Common shares acquired related to stock compensation plan activity ) ) ) Net cash (used in) by financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 Note 25: 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of December 31, 2022. The term "disclosure controls and procedures" means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, described below under the heading "Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting." 
 Following identification of the material weaknesses and prior to filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Form 10-K"), we completed substantive procedures for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on these procedures, management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have certified that, based on their knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Form 10-K, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in this Form 10-K. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by a company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. It includes those policies and procedures that: 
 1. pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of a company; 
 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of a company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Our management conducted an assessment, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer under the oversight of our Board of Directors, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at December 31, 2022, because of the material weaknesses described below. 
 Based on the COSO criteria, management identified control deficiencies that constitute material weaknesses. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 The Company did not have effective general information technology controls (ITGCs) related to Sterling, which was acquired during 2022. Specifically, the Company did not design and implement appropriate logical access controls including deprovisioning, privileged access, and user access reviews. These control deficiencies were a result of ineffective risk assessment associated with the IT environment and individuals with insufficient knowledge and training associated with designing and implementing the controls. As a result, process level automated controls and manual controls that are dependent on the completeness and accuracy of information derived from the affected IT systems are considered ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. 
 The material weaknesses did not result in any identified misstatements to the financial statements or previously released financial results. 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears below under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 Remediation 
 Management plans to implement measures designed to ensure that the control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include:(i) designing and implementing controls related to deprovisioning, privileged access, and user access reviews, (ii) developing an enhanced risk assessment process to evaluate logical access, and (iii) improving the existing training program associated with control design and implementation. We believe that these actions will remediate the material weaknesses. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of these material weaknesses will be completed prior to the end of 2023. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act), other than the material weaknesses described above, occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Because of its inherent limitations, management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Webster Financial Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Webster Financial Corporation and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. The Company did not have effective general information technology controls (ITGCs) related to Sterling which was acquired during 2022. Specifically, the Company did not design and implement appropriate logical access controls including deprovisioning, privileged access, and user access reviews. These control deficiencies were a result of ineffective risk assessment associated with the IT environment and individuals with insufficient knowledge and training associated with designing and implementing the controls. As a result, process level automated controls and manual controls that are dependent on the completeness and accuracy of information derived from the affected IT systems are considered ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. The material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable 

139 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers, and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. The Company has also adopted a Corporate Governance Policy and a charter for each of the Board of Directors' standing committees, which includes an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Committee. The Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Policy, and the charters for the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Committees can be found within the investor relations section of its internet website (http://investors.websterbank.com). 
 A printed copy of any of these documents can be obtained, without charge, directly from the Company at the following address: 
 Webster Financial Corporation 
 
 , 
 Attn: Investor Relations 
 Telephone: ) 
 Information regarding directors and executive officers, and additional information regarding corporate governance, will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, including under the sections captioned "Election of Directors," "Board Meetings, Committees of the Board and Related Matters," "Executive Officers," and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" (if required to be included), which are incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement is required to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information regarding executive compensation will beset forth in the Proxy Statement, including under the sections captioned "Compensation of Directors," "Executive Officers," "Compensation of Named Executive Officers," and "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters can be found within Note 20: Share-Based Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, and will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, including under the sections captioned "Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners of Management," and "Equity Compensation Plan Information," which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, including under the sections captioned "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Transactions with Related Persons," "Policies and Procedures Regarding Transactions with Related Persons," "Director Independence," and "Current Board Composition, Diversity and Refreshment," and "Committees of the Board," which are incorporated herein by reference. 

140 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, including under the section captioned "Auditor Ratification," which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Financial Statements 
 The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, and the accompanying Notes thereto, and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon, are included in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules for the Company have been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the accompanying Notes thereto, or are either inapplicable or not required and therefore have been omitted. 
 Exhibits 
 A list of exhibits to this Form 10-K is set forth below. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Exhibit Included 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 18, 2021, by and between Sterling Bancorp and Webster Financial Corporation 
 8-K 2.1 4/23/2021 3 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 
 3.1 
 8/9/2016 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Webster Financial Corporation, effective as of January 31, 2022 
 8-K 3.2 2/1/2022 3.3 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's 8.50 Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 6/11/2008 
 3.4 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 11/24/2008 
 3.5 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's Perpetual Participating Preferred Stock, Series C 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 7/31/2009 
 3.6 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's Non-Voting Perpetual Participating Preferred Stock, Series D 
 8-K 
 3.2 
 7/31/2009 
 3.7 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's 6.40 Series E Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-A12B 
 3.3 
 12/4/2012 
 3.8 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's 5.25 Series F Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-A12B 
 3.3 
 12/12/2017 
 3.9 Certificate of Designations establishing the rights of the Company's 6.50 Series G Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-A12B 
 3.4 2/1/2022 3.10 Bylaws, as amended effective March 15, 2020 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 3/17/2020 
 3.11 Amendment to Bylaws of Webster Financial Corporation, effective as of January 31, 2022 
 8-K 3.5 2/1/2022 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders 
 4.1 Description of the Securities of the Registrant 
 10-K 4.1 2/25/2022 4.2 Specimen common stock certificate 
 10-K 
 4.1 
 3/10/2006 
 4.3 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of January 29, 1997, between the Company and The Bank of New York, as trustee, relating to the Company's Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures 
 10-K 
 10.41 
 3/27/1997 
 4.4 Deposit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2017, by and among the Company, Computershare Shareowner Services LLC, as Depositary, and the Holders of Depositary Receipts 
 8-K 
 4.1 
 12/12/2017 
 4.5.1 Deposit Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2013, by and among Astoria Financial Corporation, Computershare Shareowner Services, LLC, as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein 
 8-K 4.1 2/1/2022 4.5.2 First Amendment to the Deposit Agreement, effective as of October 2, 2017, by and between Sterling Bancorp (as successor in interest to Astoria Financial Corporation) and Computershare Inc. (as successor in interest to Computershare Shareowner Services LLC) 
 8-K 4.2 2/1/2022 4.5.3 Second Amendment to Deposit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2022, by and among Webster Financial Corporation, Sterling Bancorp, Computershare Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 8-K 4.3 2/1/2022 4.6 Form of Global Receipt (included as Exhibit A of Exhibit 4.5.3 
 8-K 4.4 2/1/2022 4.7 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 8-K 
 4.1 
 2/11/2014 
 4.8 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, relating to the Company s 4.375 Senior Notes due February 15, 2024 
 8-K 
 4.2 
 2/11/2014 
 4.9 Form of specimen stock certificate for the Company's 5.25 Series F Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-A12B 
 4.3 
 12/12/2017 
 4.10 Senior Debt Indenture, dated March 25, 2019, between Webster Financial Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 8-K 4.1 3/25/2019 4.11 Supplemental Indenture, dated March 25, 2019, between Webster Financial Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 8-K 4.2 3/25/2019 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Exhibit Included 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 4.12 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2003, between the Company and US Bank, as trustee, relating to the Company's Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures 
 10-Q 4 5/6/2021 10 Material Contracts (1) 
 10.1 Webster Financial Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 DEF 14A 
 A 
 3/19/2021 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Officers of Webster Bank effective January 1, 2005 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 12/21/2007 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Officers 
 8-K 
 10.3 
 12/21/2007 
 10.4 Sterling National Bank Deferred Director Fee Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2016 
 X 10.5 Amended and Restated Deferred Director Fee Plan effective January 1, 2023 
 X 10.6 The Supplemental Retirement Plan for Employees of Webster Bank, as amended and restated on October 22, 2007 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 10/26/2007 
 10.7 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Plan for Employees of Webster Bank 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 12/21/2007 
 10.8 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated effective April 1, 2019 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 5/7/2019 
 10.9 Form of Change in Control Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2012, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Glenn I. MacInnes 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 12/27/2012 
 10.10 Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2017, between Webster Bank, N.A., and Glenn I. MacInnes 
 10-K 
 10.20 
 3/1/2017 
 10.11 Retention Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2021, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Glenn I. MacInnes 
 8-K 10.2 2/1/2022 10.12 Amended and Restated Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2017, between Webster Financial Corporation, and Daniel Bley 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 5/5/2017 
 10.13 Form of Change in Control Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2013, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Daniel H. Bley 
 10-K 
 10.13 
 2/28/2013 
 10.14 Change in Control Agreement, effective as of January 3, 2014, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Charles L. Wilkins 
 10-K 
 10.13 
 2/28/2014 
 10.15 Amended and Restated Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2017, between Webster Financial Corporation, and Charles Wilkins 
 10-Q 
 10.5 
 5/5/2017 
 10.16 Change in Control Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2018, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and John Ciulla 
 10-K 
 10.18 
 3/1/2018 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2017, between Webster Financial Corporation, and John Ciulla 
 10-Q 
 10.2 
 5/5/2017 
 10.18 Retention Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2021, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and John R. Ciulla 
 8-K 10.1 2/1/2022 10.19 Amended and Restated Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2017, between Webster Financial Corporation, and Christopher Motl 
 10-Q 
 10.4 
 5/5/2017 
 10.20 Letter Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2021, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Jack L. Kopnisky 
 8-K 10.3 2/1/2022 10.21 Retention Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2021, by and between Webster Financial Corporation and Luis Massiani 
 8-K 10.4 2/1/2022 10.22 Provident Bank 2005 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K 10.26 2/25/2022 21 Subsidiaries 
 X 
 23 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 X 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Chief Executive Officer 
 X 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Chief Financial Officer 
 X 
 32.1 Written statement pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Chief Executive Officer 
 X (2) 
 32.2 Written statement pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the Chief Financial Officer 
 X (2) 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Exhibit Included 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 101 The following financial information from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) includes: (i) Cover Page, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (vi) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vii) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and in detail 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 (1) Material contracts are management contracts, or compensatory plans or arrangements, in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 
 (2) Exhibit is furnished herewith and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 10, 2023. 
 WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORPORATION By /s/ John R. Ciulla John R. Ciulla President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 10, 2023. 
 Signature: Title: /s/ John R. Ciulla President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director John R. Ciulla (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Glenn I. MacInnes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Glenn I. MacInnes (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Albert J. Wang Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Albert J. Wang (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Jack L. Kopnisky Executive Chairman and Director Jack L. Kopnisky /s/ William L. Atwell Lead Director William L. Atwell /s/ John P. Cahill Director John P. Cahill /s/ E. Carol Hayles Director E. Carol Hayles /s/ Linda H. Ianieri Director Linda H. Ianieri /s/ Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan Director Mona Aboelnaga Kanaan /s/ James J. Landy Director James J. Landy /s/ Maureen B. Mitchell Director Maureen B. Mitchell 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Laurence C. Morse Director Laurence C. Morse /s/ Karen R. Osar Director Karen R. Osar /s/ Richard O'Toole Director Richard O'Toole /s/ Mark Pettie Director Mark Pettie /s/ Lauren C. States Director Lauren C. States /s/ William E. Whiston Director William E. Whiston 
 146 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 exhibit104sterlingnational.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 

STERLING NATIONAL BANK 
 DEFERRED DIRECTOR FEE PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2016) 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 WHEREAS, Sterling National Bank established the 2005 Deferred Director Fee Plan effective as of January 1, 2005 (the 2005 Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the purpose of the 2005 Plan is to provide Directors with the opportunity to defer receipt of Compensation and recognition of income tax thereon and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Bank desires to amend and restate the 2005 Plan effective January 1, 
 2016 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Bank hereby amends and restates the 2005 Plan effective as of January 1, 2016, and renames the Plan the Sterling National Bank Deferred Director Fee Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2016). 
 
 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
 1.1 Definitions. Unless a different meaning is plainly implied by the context, the following terms as used in this Plan shall have the following meanings 
 
 (a) Bank means Sterling National Bank , formerly named Provident Bank. 
 
 (b) Beneficiary means the person or persons (and their heirs) as designated by the Director in a written instrument submitted to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank to whom the deceased Director's benefits are payable. In the event the Director fails to properly designate a Beneficiary, the Director ' s Beneficiary shall be the person or persons in the first of the following classes of successive preference surviving at the death of the Director (i) the Director's surviving spouse or (ii) the Director ' s estate. 
 
 (c) Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
 
 (d) Change in Control s hall mean (i) a change in the ownership of the Bank or the Company, (ii) a change in the effective control of the Bank or the Company , or (iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank or the Company, as described below 
 (i) A change in ownership occur on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section l .409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock of the Bank or the Company that, together with stock held by such per on or group, constitutes more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Bank or the Company . 

(ii) A change in the effective control of the Bank or the Company occurs on the date that either (i) any one person , or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section l.409A-3(i) 5 )(v i )( D )) acquires (or has acquired during the 12- month p e riod ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Bank or the Comp a n y posse ss ing 30 or more of the total voting power of the s tock of the Bank or the Company , or (ii) a majority of the members of the Bank 's or the Company's board of directors is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endor se d by a majority of the member s of the Bank's or the Company' s board of directors prior to the date of the appointment or election, provided that this subsection is inapplicable where a majority shareholder of the Bank or the Company is another corporation. 
 
 (iii) A change in a substantial portion of the Bank's or the Company's assets occurs on the date that any one person or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section l.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(C)) acquires (or has acquired during the 12- month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such per so n or persons) assets from the Bank or the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to, or more than, 40 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Bank or the Company immediately before such acqui s ition. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Bank or the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 
 (e) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 
 
 (f) Committee shall mean the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan pur s uant to Section 7 hereof. 
 
 (g) Company means Sterling Bancorp , a Delaware corporation and the holding company which owns I00 of the i ss ued and outstanding stock of the Bank. 
 
 (h) Compensation shall mean the amount of Board of Directors ' fees paid by the Bank to the Director during a Deferral Year prior to reduction for Compen s ation Deferral s made under this Plan. 
 
 (i) Compensation Deferral shall mean the amount or amounts of the Director 's Compensation deferred under the provisions of Section 3 hereof. 

2 

(j) Deferral Account shall mean the account maintained to reflect a Director's Compensation Deferrals made pursuant to Section 3 hereof and any other credits or debits thereto. 
 
 (k) Deferral Year shall mean each calendar year with respect to which the Director makes, or is entitled to make, Compensation Deferrals under Section 3 hereof. 
 
 (I) Director shall mean any member of the Board of Directors who is not an employee of the Bank , the Company or any of their affiliates. 
 
 (m) Hardship shall mean a severe financial hardship to the Director resulting from an illness or accident of the Director, the Director's spouse or a dependent, loss of the Director's property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Director, all within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section l .409A-3(i)(3). 
 
 (n) Investment Options shall mean the hypothetical investment options designated by the Committee from which the Director may express a preference for the hypothetical investment of his or her Deferral Account. Investment Options may include, for example, (i) equity markets (including the stock of the Company or its successors), (ii) money market securities (i.e., Treasury bills or other obligations of the United States government or any state government or municipality, certificates of deposit), or (iii) assets which can be liquidated within sixty (60) days with no loss of principal. Investment Options are subject to change from time to time as the committee, in its discretion, deems necessary or appropriate. Investment Options shall be used as earning indices in order to determine the gain or loss in the Director's Deferral Account. No provision of the Plan shall be construed as giving any Director an interest in any of the Investment Options nor shall any provision require that the Company make any investment in any Investment Option. 
 
 (o) Plan means this Sterling National Bank Deferred Director Fee Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2016) . 
 
 (p) Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the regulations and other official guidance issued thereunder. 
 
 (q) Separation from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A when a Director ceases to be a Director. 
 
 (r) Trustee shall mean the Trustee, if any, of any grantor trust which may be established by the Bank to accumulate assets for the purpose of providing the benefits promised under this Plan. 
 
 (s) Valuation Date shall mean the last business day of each calendar quarter and any other day upon which the Bank makes a valuation of the Deferral Account. 
 
 1.2 Plurals and Gender. Where appearing in this Plan the singular shall include the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine, and vice versa, unless the context clearly indicates a different meaning. 

3 

1.3 Headings. The headings and sub-headings in this Plan are inserted for t he convenience of reference only and are to be ignored in any construction of the provisions hereof. 
 
 2. PERIOD DURING WHICH COMPENSATION DEFERRALS ARE PERMITTED 
 2.1 Participation and Commencement of Compensation Deferrals. The eligibility to make Compensation Deferrals under the Plan is limited to Directors. A Director may elect, on a form prescribed by the Committee (which prescribed form may limit the time and form of payment alternatives to be elected) provided by, and submitted to , the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank, to commence Compensation Deferrals under Section 3 hereof for the Deferral Year beginning immediately following the date such form is submitted to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank provided, however, that to the extent permissible under Section 409A, a Director who is newly-elected to the Board of Directors during a Deferral Year may make an irrevocable Compensation Deferral election within thirty (30) days after the date of becoming a Director, which election shall only apply to such Director's Compensation earned after the date such election becomes irrevocable. 
 
 2.2 Termination of Deferrals. A Director shall not be eligible to make Compensation Deferrals after the earliest of the following dates 
 
 (a) The date on which he or she ceases to serve as a Director or 
 
 (b) The effective date of the termination of this Plan. 
 
 3. COMPENSATION DEFERRALS 
 
 3.1 Compensation Deferral Elections. 
 
 (a) Prior to the first day of any Deferral Year, a Director may elect, on the form described in Section 2.1 hereof, to defer the receipt of all or a portion of the Director's Compensation for such Deferral Year. Such written Compensation Deferral election shall set forth 
 (i) the amount of such Compensation Deferral (in whole percentage or dollar amounts) and may set forth a specific type of Compensation (i.e., based on the activity for which a specific portion of Compensation is paid) from which such Compensation Deferrals are to be made and (ii) the date on which such Compensation Deferrals shall be paid to the Director. Such Compensation Deferral election for a Deferral Year shall become irrevocable as of the first day of that Deferral Year, and such Compensation Deferral election shall continue in effect, as an evergreen Compensation Deferral election, for all subsequent Deferral Years unless it is canceled or modified by the Director as provided below. 
 
 (b) Compensation Deferrals shall be withheld pro rata from each payment of Compensation (or payment of a specific type of Compensation , as specified in the Director's Compensation Deferral election, if applicable) by the Bank to the Director based upon the percentage or dollar amount elected by the Director under Section 3.l(a) hereof. 
 
 (c) The Director may cancel or modify the amount of his or her Compen s ation Deferrals on a pro s p ective basis by submitting to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank a revised Compensation Deferral election form. Such change will be effective as of the first day of 

4 

the Deferral Year following the date such revised Compensation Deferral election form is submitted to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank. 
 
 (d) (i) The Director may modify the time or form (i.e., lump sum or installments) of payment for future Compensation Deferrals by s ubmitting to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank a revised Compensation Deferral election form. Such change will be effective as of the first day of the Deferral Year following the date such revision is submitted to the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank. 
 
 (ii) In addition, the Director may modify either (or both) the time or form of payment of his or her Compensation Deferrals that have already been accrued in his or her Deferral Account, but any such modification to either (or both) the time or form of payment must be made at least twelve (12) months before the payment would have been made and must result in a delay of at least five (5) years from the original payment date, even if the change was only with respect to the form of payment. Example If the existing Compensation Deferral election provides for a lump sum payment on January 15, 2017, the Director could not change to installments commencing on that same date rather, the installments could commence on January 15, 2022. Furthermore, the new election must be made before January 15, 2016. 
 1.1 Valuation of Deferral Account. 
 
 (a) The Bank shall establish a bookkeeping Deferral Account to which will be credited an amount equal to the Director's Compensation Deferrals made under this Plan. Compensation Deferrals shall be allocated to the Deferral Account on the first business day following the date such Compensation Deferrals are withheld from the Director's Compensation. As of January 1, 2016, the Deferral Account also shall be credited with the amounts credited to the Director under each other outstanding Compensation Deferral election with respect to Compensation deferred under the 2005 Plan, all of which are superseded by this Plan pursuant to Section 6.10 hereof. The Deferral Account shall be debited to reflect any distributions from such Deferral Account. Such debits shall be allocated to the Deferral Account as of the date such distributions are made. 
 
 (b) As of each Valuation Date, incom e , gain and loss equivalents (determined as if the Deferral Account is invested in the manner set forth under Section 3.3, below) attributable to the period following the immediately preceding Valuation Date shall be credited to and or deducted from the Director ' s Deferral Account. 
 1.2 Hypothetical Investment of Deferral Account. Subject to such limitations as may from time to time be required by law or imposed by the Committee, and subject to such operating rules and procedures as may be imposed from time to time by the Committee, each Director may express to the Committee a preference as to how the Director ' s Deferral Account should be hypothetically invested among the Investment Options. 
 
 (a) Any initial or subsequent expression of investment preference shall be in writing, on a form provided by and filed with the Committee, and shall be subject to such rules and procedures as the Committee may promulgate from time to time, including rules as to when an expression of investment preference will be effective. In the event a grantor trust has been 

5 

established, the Committee may forward the Directors expression of investment preference to the Trustee. 
 
 (b) The contributions and credits and other amounts added to a Director's Deferral Account shall be hypothetically invested in accordance with the then effective designation of investment preference and as of the effective date of any new investment preference, all or a portion of the Director's Deferral Account at that date s hall be reallocated among the designated Investment Options according to the dire ctio n s specified in the investment preference unless and until a subsequent investment preference shall be filed and become effective. Unless otherwise announced by the Committee, investment preferences may be changed no more than two (2) times per calendar year and must be received by the Committee no less than ten 10) days before the effective date of the change. 
 
 (c) If the Committee receives an initial or revised investment preference which it deems to be incomplete , unclear or improper, the Director's investment preference then in effect shall remain in effect (or, in the case of a deficiency in an initial investment preference) until the next Valuation Date, unless the Committee provides for, and permits the application of, corrective action prior to that time. The Committee s h a ll announce to the Director a default Investment Option, which shall be substituted for the Direct o r 's investment preference for any portion of his or her Deferral Account from which he or she fails to file an investment preference. 
 
 (d) All investment preferences shall be advisory only and shall not bind the Bank, the Committee, or trustee (if any). The Bank s hall not be obligated to invest any funds in connection with this Plan. If, however, the Bank chooses to establish a grantor trust in which to invest funds to provide for its liabilities under this Plan, the trustee of such trust shall have complete discretion as to investment. 
 
 (e) Each Dir ec tor 's Deferral Account will be credited with earnings or losses as if the Deferral Account were actually invested in accordance with the Director's expression of investment preference, as follows As of each Valuation Date, the net earnings or losses of each Investment Option since the preceding Valuation Date shall be allocated among all Deferral Accounts in accordance with the preferences indicated by each Director as though the Deferral Accounts had been invested in the Investment Option in accordance with each Dir ecto r 's indicated preference. For purposes of this allocation, the Deferral Account of each Dir ec tor will consist of the balance of th e Deferral Account as of the preceding Valuation Date, adjusted (i) by adding to the balance any elective deferred Compensation made s ince the preceding Valuation Date and (ii) by subtracting from such balance all di s tri b ution s made to the Director or to a Beneficiary. Each Deferral Account shall be further adjusted to reflect any changes in investment preferences which have become effective since the last Valuation Date. 
 
 (f) If it is determined that the amount credited to a Deferral Account as of any date on which di s tributions are to be made differs materially from the amount credited to the Deferral Account on the prior Valuation Date upon which the distribution is to be based, the Committee, in its di sc r e tion , shall have the right to designate any date in the interim as a Valuation Date for the purpose of revaluing the Deferral Account so that the Deferral Account from which the di s tribution is being made will, prior to the di s tribution, reflect its s h are of such material 

6 

difference in value. Similarly, the Committee may adopt a policy of providing for regular interim valuations without regard to the materiality of changes in the value of the Deferral Accounts. 
 
 4. DISTRIBUTIONS FROM DEFERRAL ACCOUNT 
 4.1 (a) In General. Unless the time of distribution( s i s otherwise s pecified in a Director's Compensation Deferral election form, distributions from a Director's Deferral Account shall be paid in quarterly in s tallment s over a period of five (5) years beginning on the first day of the first calendar quarter coincident with or next following the earliest of 
 
 (i) the Director ' s attainment of age seventy-five (75) 
 
 (ii) the Director ' s Separation from Service or 
 
 (iii) the distribution date specified by the Director in his or her Compensation Deferral election form, except in the event of an accelerated distribution following a Change in Control or due to Hardship , in accordance with Section 4.3 or 4.5 hereof. 
 
 Each quarterly installment shall be in an amount equal to the product of the then current balance in the Director's Deferral Account multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be one and the denominator of which shall be the number of remaining quarterly payments to which the Director is entitled. 
 
 (b) Request for Alternate Distribution. A Director may request to change the specified time or form of payment , but s uch request must comply with Section 3.1(d)(2) above. 
 
 (c) Distribution in Company Stock . All amounts deemed invested in Company stock shall be distributed solely in the form of Company stock provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control of the Company that results in the stock of the Company no longer being publicly traded, the Director shall receive a distribution in the form of cash in an amount equal to the value of the Director' s Deferral Account inve s ted in Company stock based on the price paid for such stock in the Change in Control event. 
 
 4.2 Death Prior to Complete Distribution of Deferral Account. Upon the death of a Director prior to the commencement of the distribution of the amounts credited to his or her Deferral Account, the balance credited to s uch Deferral Account s hall be distributed to his or her Beneficiary in the manner set forth under Section 4.1 hereof beginning on the first day of the first calendar quarter coincident with or next following the date the Director dies. In the event of the death of the Director after the commencement of such distribution, but prior to the complete distribution of his or her Deferral Account , the balance of the amounts credited to his or her Deferral Account shall be distributed to hi s or her Beneficiary over the remaining period during which such amounts were distributable to the Director und e r Section 4.1 hereof. 
 
 4.3 Accelerated Distribution Following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provi s ion of this Plan , within s ixty (60) days after a Change in Control, each Director shall be paid a lump sum distribution of the Director's Deferral Account balance. The amount payable 

7 

shall be the amount credited , as det ermi ned by th e Committee, to the Deferral Account on the date of distribution. 
 
 1.1 Payments Due Missing Persons. The Bank shall make a reasonable effort to locate all person s entitled to benefits under this Plan . How eve r , notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan to the contrary , if, after a period of five (5) years from the date such benefit shall be due, any such persons entitled to benefits have not been located, their rights under this Plan s hall stand suspended. Before this provi s ion becomes operative, the Bank shall send a certified letter to all such persons to their last known address advising them that their benefits under this Plan shall be suspended. Any such s u s pended amounts shall b e held by the Bank for a period of three (3) additional years (or a total of eight (8) years from the time the benefit s first become payable) and thereafter , if unclaimed, such amounts s hall be forfeited. 
 
 1.2 Hardship Distributions . A Director, who believes he or she has incurred a Hardship may petition the Committee for a Hardship distribution. Upon a finding that the Director has suffered a Hardship, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, make distributions from the Director's Deferral Account prior to the time specified for payment of benefits under the Plan. The amount of such distribution shall be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to alleviate the Hardship, including an amount necessary to pay any taxe s that re s ult from a di s tribution from this Plan. 
 
 1.3 No Acceleration. Except as provided in Section 4.3 and permitted under Section 409A, no acceleration of the time or form of payment of a Deferral Account, or any portion thereof, shall be permitted. 
 
 1.4 Section 409A Violation. If the Plan fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A with respect to a Director, the Committee shall distribute the amount required to be included in such Director's gross income as a result of suc h failure. 
 
 5. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION 
 
 5.1 Amendments. 
 
 (a) The Bank may amend thi s Plan at any time and in any manner except that no such amendment s hall have the effect of accelerating distribution s of a Director' s Deferra l Account other than as provided in Section 4 her eo f. 
 
 (b) The Bank re se rves the right to amend, in whole or in part, and in any manner, any or all of the provision s of thi s Plan by action of the Board of Directors for the purpo ses of complying with any provision of the Code or any other technical or legal requirements, provided that 
 (i) No such amendment s hall make it possibl e for any part of a Director 's Deferral Account to be used for, or diverted to, purpo ses other than for the exclusi ve benefit of the Director or the Director' s Beneficiaries, except to the extent otherwise provided in thi s Plan and 

8 

(ii) No such amendment may reduce the amount of the Director's Deferral Account as of the effective date of such amendment. 
 
 1.1 Plan Termination. 
 
 (a) The Bank reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time. 
 
 (b) In the event the Plan is terminated, the Committee shall determine whether Deferral Accounts shall be paid in accordance with Section 4 or accelerated and paid in accordance with the following Section 409A requirements 
 
 (i) all arrangements sponsored by the Bank that would be aggregated with this Plan under Treasury Regulations Section l.409A-J (c)(2) if any individual covered by this Plan was also covered by any of those other arrangements are also terminated 
 
 (ii) no payments other than payments that would be payable under the terms of the arrangement if the termination had not occurred are made within twelve (12) months of the termination of the arrangement 
 
 (iii) all payments are made within twenty-four (24) months of the termination of the arrangements and 
 
 (iv) the Bank does not adopt a new arrangement that would be aggregated with any terminated arrangement under Treasury Regulations Section l.409A-l(c)(2) if the same individual participated in both arrangements, at any time within three years following the date of termination of the arrangement. 
 
 6. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 
 6.1 Rights of Creditors. 
 
 (a) This Plan is unfunded. Neither the Director nor any other persons shall have any interest in any specific asset or assets of the Bank by reason of any Deferral Account hereunder, nor any rights to receive distribution of his Deferral Account except and as to the extent expressly provided hereunder. The Bank shall not be required to purchase, and shall not hold or dispose of any investments pursuant to this Plan. 
 
 (b) The rights of a Director and his or her Beneficiaries to the amounts credited to the Director's Deferral Account are unsecured and shall be subject to the creditors of the Bank. With respect to the payment of amounts held under the Deferral Account, the Director and his Beneficiaries have the status of unsecured creditors of the Bank. This Plan is executed on behalf of the Bank by an officer of the Bank as such and not individually. Any obligation of the Bank hereunder shall be an unsecured obligation of the Bank and not of any other person. 

9 

1.1 Agents. The Bank may employ agents and provide for such clerical, legal, actuarial, accounting, advisory or other services as it deems necessary to perform its duties under this Plan. The Bank shall bear the cost of such services and all other expenses it incurs in connection with the administration of this Plan. 
 
 1.2 Incapacity. If the Bank shall receive evidence satisfactory to it that a Director or any Beneficiary entitled to receive any benefit under the Plan is, at the time when such benefit becomes payable, a minor, or is physically or mentally incompetent to receive such benefit and to give a valid release therefore, the Bank may make payment of such benefit otherwise payable to the Director or Beneficiary to the conservator, executor, committee or other legal representative of the estate of the Director or Beneficiary, and the release of such other person or institution shall be a valid and complete discharge for the payment of such benefit. 
 
 1.3 Cooperation of Parties. All parties to this Plan and any person claiming any interest hereunder agree to perform any and all acts and execute any and all documents and papers which are necessary or desirable for carrying out this Plan or any of its provisions. 
 
 1.4 Governing Law. This Plan is entered into in the State of New York and all matters concerning its validity, construction and administration shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 1.5 Nonguarantee of Directorship. Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract or guarantee of the right of the Director to be, or remain as, a Director or to receive any, or any particular rate of, Compensation. 
 
 1.6 Counsel. The Bank and the Committee may consult with legal coun s el with respect to the meaning or construction of this Plan, its obligations or duties hereunder or with respect to any action or proceeding or any question of law, and it shall be fully protected with respect to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith pursuant to the advice of legal counsel. 
 
 1.7 Spendthrift Provision. A Director's and Beneficiaries' interests in the Deferral Account may not be anticipated, sold, encumbered , pledged, mortgaged, charged, transferred, alienated, assigned nor become subject to execution, garnishment or attachment and any attempt to do so by any person shall render the Deferral Amount immediately forfeitable. 
 
 1.8 Notices. For purposes of this Plan, notices and all other communications provided for in this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by nationally recognized overnight delivery service providing for a signed return receipt, addressed to the Director at the home address set forth in the Bank's records and to the Bank at its principal corporate office, provided that all notices to the Bank shall be directed to the attention of the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Bank or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 1.9 Amended and Restated Plan. Effective January 1, 2016, this Plan amends, restates and supersedes the 2005 Plan with respect to Compensation deferred by Directors on or after January 1, 2005. 

10 

1.10 Interpretation of Plan. Interpretations of, and determinations related to, this Plan made by the Bank and the Committee in good faith, including any determinations of the amounts of the Deferral Account, shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties and the Bank and the Committee shall not incur any liability to the Director or hi s or her Beneficiary for any such interpretation or determination so made or for any other action taken by it in connection with this Plan in good faith. 
 
 1.11 Successors and Assigns. This Plan shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Bank and its successors and assigns and to the Directors and their Beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators and persona representatives. 
 
 1.12 Severability. In the event any one or more provisions of this Plan are held to be invalid or unenforceable, such illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof and such other provisions shall remain in full force and effect, unaffected by such invalidity or unenforceability. 
 
 1.13 Execution in Counterparts. This Plan may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 1.14 Indemnification . It is understood and agreed that a Director shall indemnify and hold the Bank harmless from any and all costs, expenses or losses incurred by the Bank as a result of implementing any actions pursuant to the instructions or directions given by the Director. 
 
 1.15 Trust Fund. The Bank shall be responsible for the payment of all benefits provided under the Plan. At its discretion, the Bank may establish one or more trusts, with such trustee(s) as the Board may approve, for the purpose of providing for the payment of such benefits. Such trust may be irrevocable, but the assets thereof shall be subject to the claims of the Bank's creditors, as set forth in Section 6.l(b). To the extent any benefits provided under the Plan are actually paid from any trust, the Bank shall have no further obligation with respect thereto, but to the extent not so paid, such benefits shall remain the obligation of, and shall be paid by, the Bank . 
 
 1.16 Tax Treatment. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, although the Company, the Bank, the Board of Director s , and the Committee shall use their reasonable efforts to avoid the imposition of taxation , penalties, and interest under Section 409A, the tax treatment of the Director's Compensation Deferrals under the Plan shall not be, and is not, warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, the Bank, the Board of Directors, nor the Committee s hall be held liable for any taxes, penalties , or other monetary amounts owed by a Director, Beneficiary, or other person as a result of any deferral or payment under the Plan. 
 
 7. ADMINISTRATION 
 
 7.1 Committee Duties. This Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall be appointed by the Board. The Committee shall have the authority to make , amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Plan and decide or resolve any and all que stio n s, including interpretations of thi s Plan, as may arise in connection with the Plan. A majority vote of the Committee members shall control any decision. 

11 

1.1 Agents. The Committee may , from time to time, employ other agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit, and may from time to time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Bank. 
 
 1.2 Binding Effect of Decisions. The decision or action of the Committee in respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules of regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. 
 
 1.3 Indemnity of Committee. The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee against any and all claims, loss, damage , expense or liability arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank has adopted this Plan effective as of January 1 , 2016. 

STERLING NATIONAL BANK January 1, 2016 By Date 

13 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 exhibit105amendedandrestat.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 

NOTE Execution of this Adoption Agreement creates a legal liability of the Employer with significant tax consequences to the Employer and Participants. Principal Life Insurance Company disclaims all liability for the legal and tax consequences which result from the elections made by the Employer in this Adoption Agreement. 
 
 Principal Life Insurance Company, Raleigh, NC 27612 
 A member of the Principal Financial Group 

THE EXECUTIVE NONQUALIFIED EXCESS PLAN ADOPTION AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT is the adoption by Webster Bank, N.A. the Company of the Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan Plan ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to adopt the Plan as an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the provisions of the Plan are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder and shall apply to amounts subject to section 409A and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has been advised by Principal Life Insurance Company to obtain legal and tax advice from its professional advisors before adopting the Plan, 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby adopts the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Adoption Agreement 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Terms used in this Adoption Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan, unless some other meaning is expressly herein set forth. The Employer hereby represents and warrants that the Plan has been adopted by the Employer upon proper authorization and the Employer hereby elects to adopt the Plan for the benefit of its Participants as referred to in the Plan. By the execution of this Adoption Agreement, the Employer hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 The Employer hereby makes the following designations or elections for the purpose of the Plan 
 
 2.6 Committee The duties of the Committee set forth in the Plan shall be satisfied by 
 
 (a) Company 

XX (b) The administrative committee appointed by the Board to serve at the pleasure of the Board. 
 
 (c) Board. 

(d) Other (specify) 

2.8 Compensation The Compensation of a Participant shall mean all of a Participant's 
 (a) Base salary. 

(b) Service Bonus. 

Service Bonus earned from 1 1 12 31 , paid on or around first quarter of the following Plan Year. 
 
 Service Bonus earned each calendar quarter, paid on or around the following calendar quarter. 
 
 Service Bonus with no defined earnings period (e.g. a spot bonus 

(c) Performance-Based Compensation earned in a period of 12 months or more. 

Performance Based Bonus earned from 1 1 12 31 , paid on or around first quarter the following Plan Year and whose elections must be made no later than 6 30 of the Plan Year it is earned. 
 
 Performance Based Bonus earned from , paid on or around 
 the following Plan Year and whose elections must be made no later than __ of the Plan Year it is earned. 
 
 (d) Commissions. 

(e) Compensation received as an Independent Contractor reportable on Form 1099. 

XX (f) Other Fees and retainer earned as a member of the Board of Directors during a Plan Year 
 
 2.9 Crediting Date The Deferred Compensation Account of a Participant shall be credited as follows 
 
 Participant Deferral Credits at the time designated below 
 XX (a) On any business day as specified by the Employer. 
 
 (a) Each pay day as reported by the Employer. 

(b) The last business day of each payroll period during the Plan Year. 

Employer Credits at the time designated below 
 
 (a) On any business day as specified by the Employer. 

XX (b) Not Applicable 

2.13 Effective Date 
 (a) This is a newly-established Plan, and the Effective Date of the Plan is 
 
 . 
 
 XX (b) This is an amendment of a plan named Sterling National Bank Deferred Director Fee Plan with an original effective date of January 1, 2016 . The Sterling National Bank Deferred Director Fee Plan dated January 1, 2016, governs all contributions to the plan through December 31, 2022 . The Effective Date of this amended Plan is January 1, 2023 . The plan name is amended to Amended & Restated Deferred Director Fee Plan . 

2.20 Normal Retirement Age The Normal Retirement Age of a Participant shall be 
 (a) Age __. 

(b) The later of age or the anniversary of the participation 
 
 commencement date. The participation commencement date is the first day of the 
 first Plan Year in which the Participant commenced participation in the Plan. 
 
 XX (c) Other Not Applicable . 

2.23 Participating Employer(s) As of the Effective Date, the following Participating Employer(s) are parties to the Plan 
 
 Name of Employer 
 EIN 
 Webster Bank, N.A. 
 06-0273620 

2.26 Plan The name of the Plan is 
 
 Amended & Restated Deferred Director Fee Plan . 

2.28 Plan Year The Plan Year shall end each year on the last day of the month of December . 

2.30 Seniority Date The date on which a Participant has 
 
 (a) Attained age __. 

(b) Completed __Years of Service from First Date of Service. 

(c) Attained age __ and completed __Years of Service from First Date of Service. 

XX (d) Not applicable distribution elections for Separation from Service are not based on Seniority Date. 

4.1 Participant Deferral Credits Subject to the limitations in Section 4.1 of the Plan, a Participant may elect to have his Compensation (as selected in Section 2.8 of this Adoption Agreement) deferred within the annual limits below by the following percentage or amount as designated in writing to the Committee 
 
 (a) Base salary 

minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 _____ 

(b) Service Bonus 

Service Bonus 
 
 minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 _____ 

(c) Performance-Based Compensation 

Performance Based Bonus 

minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 _____ 

(d) Commissions 

minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 _____ 

(e) Form 1099 Compensation 

minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 _____ 

XX (f) Other Fees and retainer earned as a member of the Board of Directors during a Plan Year. 
 
 minimum deferral 
 _____ 
 maximum deferral 
 100 
 
 (g) Participant deferrals not allowed. 

4.1.2 Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits Election Period Participant elections regarding Participant Deferral Credits and Employer Credits shall be subject to the following effective periods (one must be selected) 
 
 __ (a) Evergreen election. An election made by the Participant shall continue in effect for subsequent years until modified by the Participant as permitted in Section 4.1 and Section 4.2. (This option is not permitted if source year accounts are elected in Section 4.3) 
 
 XX (b) Non-Evergreen election. Any election made by the Participant shall only remain in effect for the current election period and will then expire. An election for each subsequent year will be required as permitted in Sections 4.1 and 4.2. 

4.2 Employer Credits Employer Credits will be made in the following manner 
 
 __ (a) Employer Credits 1 (Employer Discretionary Credits) The Employer may make discretionary credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 

(ii) Other . 

__ (b) Employer Credits 2 (Other Employer Credits) The Employer may make other credits to the Deferred Compensation Account of each Active Participant in an amount determined as follows 
 (i) An amount determined each Plan Year by the Employer. 

(ii) Other . 

XX (c) Employer Credits not allowed. 

4.3 Deferred Compensation Account The Participant is permitted to establish the following accounts 
 XX (a) Non-source year account(s). Deferred Compensation Account(s) will not be established on a source year basis 
 
 __ (i) A Participant may establish only one account to be distributed upon Separation from Service. One set of payment options for that account is allowed as permitted in Section 7.1. Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established as permitted in Section 5.4. 
 
 XX (ii) A Participant may establish multiple accounts to be distributed upon Separation from Service. Each account may have one set of payment options as permitted in Section 7.1 Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established as permitted in Section 5.4. If this multiple account option is elected, the Participant will also be required to elect Separation from Service payment options for each In-Service or Education account established. 
 
 __ (b) Source year account(s) Annual Deferred Compensation Account(s) will be established each year in which Participant Deferral Credits or Employer Credits are credited to the Participant. Only one account may be established each year for distribution upon Separation from Service. One set of payment options for that account is allowed as permitted in Section 7.1. Additional In-Service or Education accounts may be established for each source year as permitted in Section 5.4. If this option is selected, Evergreen elections as described in Section 4.1.2 are not permitted. 

5.2 Disability of a Participant 
 XX (a) A Participant's becoming Disabled shall be a Qualifying Distribution Event and the Deferred Compensation Account shall be paid by the Employer as provided in Section 7.1. 
 
 (b) A Participant becoming Disabled shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

5.3 Death of a Participant If the Participant dies while in Service, the Employer shall pay a benefit to the Beneficiary in an amount equal to the vested balance in the Deferred Compensation Account of the Participant determined as of the date payments to the Beneficiary commence, plus 
 (a) An amount to be determined by the Committee. 

XX (b) No additional benefits. 

5.4 In-Service or Education Distributions In-Service and Education Accounts are permitted under the Plan 
 
 XX (a) In-Service Accounts are allowed with respect to 
 XX Participant Deferral Credits only. 
 __ Employer Credits only. 
 __ Participant Deferral and Employer Credits. 

In-service distributions may be made in the following manner 
 XX Single lump sum payment. 
 XX Annual installments over a term certain not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 Education Accounts are allowed with respect to 
 __ Participant Deferral Credits only. 
 __ Employer Credits only. 
 __ Participant Deferral and Employer Credits. 
 
 Education Accounts distributions may be made in the following manner 
 __ Single lump sum payment 
 __ Annual installments over a term certain not to exceed __ years. 

If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 

(b) No In-Service or Education Distributions permitted. 

5.5 Change in Control Event 
 XX (a) Participants may elect upon initial enrollment to have accounts distributed upon a Change in Control Event. 
 
 (b) A Change in Control shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

5.6 Unforeseeable Emergency Event 
 XX (a) Participants may apply to have accounts distributed upon an Unforeseeable Emergency event. 
 
 (b) An Unforeseeable Emergency shall not be a Qualifying Distribution Event. 

6. Vesting An Active Participant shall be fully vested in the Employer Credits made to the Deferred Compensation Account upon the first to occur of the following events 
 (a) Normal Retirement Age. 

(b) Death. 

(c) Disability. 

(d) Change in Control Event 

(e) Satisfaction of the vesting requirement as specified below 

Employer Credits 1 (Employer Discretionary Credits) 

(i) Immediate 100 vesting. 

(ii) 100 vesting after __Years of Service. 

(iii) 100 vesting at age __. 

(iv) Number of Years Vested 
 
 of Service Percentage 
 
 Less than 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 2 
 
 3 
 
 4 
 
 5 
 
 6 

For this purpose, Years of Service of a Participant shall be calculated from the date designated below 
 
 (1) First day of Service. 

(2) Effective date of Plan participation. 

(3) Each Crediting Date. Under this option (3), each Employer Credit shall vest based on the Years of Service of a Participant from the Crediting Date on which each Employer Discretionary Credit is made to his or her Deferred Compensation Account. 

Employer Credits 2 (Other Employer Credits) 

(i) Immediate 100 vesting. 

(ii) 100 vesting after __Years of Service. 

(iii) 100 vesting at age __. 

(iv) Number of Years Vested 
 
 of Service Percentage 
 
 Less than 
 1 
 
 1 
 
 2 
 
 3 
 
 4 
 
 5 
 
 6 

For this purpose, Years of Service of a Participant shall be calculated from the date designated below 
 
 (1) First day of Service. 

(2) Effective date of Plan participation. 

(3) Each Crediting Date. Under this option (3), each Employer Credit shall vest based on the Years of Service of a Participant from the Crediting Date on which each Employer Discretionary Credit is made to his or her Deferred Compensation Account. 

7.1 Payment Options Any benefit payable under the Plan upon a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event may be made to the Participant or his Beneficiary (as applicable) in any of the following payment forms, as selected by the Participant in the Participation Agreement 
 
 (a) Separation from Service (Seniority Date is Not Applicable) 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 XX (ii) Quarterly installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 (b) Separation from Service prior to Seniority Date (If Applicable) 
 
 (i) A lump sum. 

XX (ii) Not Applicable 
 
 (c) Separation from Service on or After Seniority Date (If Applicable) 
 
 (i) A lump sum. 

(ii) Annual installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed __ years. 
 
 XX (iii) Not Applicable 
 
 (d) Separation from Service Upon a Change in Control Event 
 
 (i) A lump sum. 

XX (ii) Not Applicable 
 
 (e) Death 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 XX (ii) Quarterly installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 (f) Disability 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 XX (ii) Quarterly installments over a term certain as elected by the Participant not to exceed 5 years. 
 
 (iii) Not applicable. 

If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 

(g) Change in Control Event 
 
 XX (i) A lump sum. 
 
 (i) Not Applicable 

If applicable, amounts not vested at the time payments due under this Section cease will be 
 __ Forfeited 
 __ Distributed at Separation from Service if vested at that time 
 
 7.4 De Minimis Amounts. 
 
 __ a) Notwithstanding any payment election made by the Participant, the vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant will be distributed in a single lump sum payment at the time designated under the Plan if at the time of a permitted Qualifying Distribution Event that is either a Separation from Service, death, Disability (if applicable) or Change in Control Event (if applicable) the vested balance does not exceed __. In addition, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance in all Deferred Compensation Account(s) of the Participant at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan and any other Employer plan subject to aggregation under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 XX b) There shall be no pre-determined de minimis amount under the Plan however, the Employer may distribute a Participant's vested balance at any time if the balance does not exceed the limit in Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and results in the termination of the Participant's entire interest in the Plan and any other Employer plan subject to aggregation under Section 409A of the Code. 

10.1 Contractual Liability Liability for payments under the Plan shall be the responsibility of the 
 
 XX (a) Company. 
 
 __ (b) Employer or Participating Employer who employed the Participant when 
 amounts were deferred. 

14. Amendment and Termination of Plan Notwithstanding any provision in this Adoption Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, Section ________ of the Plan shall be amended to read as provided in attached Exhibit _________ 
 
 XX There are no amendments to the Plan. 

17.8 Construction The provisions of the Plan shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Connecticut , except to the extent that such laws are superseded by ERISA and the applicable provisions of the Code. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the day and year stated below. 

Webster Bank, N.A. 
 Name of Employer 
 
 By _______________________ 
 Authorized Person 
 
 Date _____________________ 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit21subsidiaries12-31.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Webster Bank, National Association Webster Bank is a direct subsidiary of Webster Financial Corporation Webster ). Webster has 50 ownership of Sterling Silver Title Agency L.P. Webster is the sole member of Sterling Silver Abstract LLC. 
 
 Webster Bank has the following wholly-owned subsidiaries 21 Scarsdale Road Corp., 369 East Realty Corp., 682 Jam Holding Corp., Advantage Funding Commercial Capital Corp., Advantage Funding Management Co., Inc., Advantage Title Agent LLC, AF Agency, Inc, AF Insurance Agency, Inc., Allsave Development, LLC, Bend Financial, Inc., Fidata Service Corp., Grassy Sprain Real Estate Holdings, Inc., HVB Fleet Services Corp., HVB Properties Corp., Interlink Insured Sweep LLC, Mortgage Headquarters Inc., Provest Services Corp. II, Sterling Business Credit LLC, Sterling Business Funding 2010-1, LLC, Sterling Business Funding 2012-1, LLC, Sterling Factors Corporation, Sterling National Funding Corp., Sterling National Mortgage Company, Inc., Sterling REIT, Inc., Webster Investment Services, Inc., Webster Mortgage Investment Corporation, MyWebster, Inc., Webster Community Development Corporation, Webster Licensing, LLC, Webster Public Finance Corporation (formerly Webster Massachusetts Security Corporation), Webster Preferred Capital Corporation, Webster Servicing, LLC and Webster Wealth Advisors, Inc. Webster Bank has the following direct or indirect wholly-owned OREO subsidiaries Springfield Dev, Inc., Springfield PP Dev, Inc., Hawthorn Woods, Inc., Ironwood Court, Inc., Juniper Way, Inc., E.D. (I) Magnolia, Inc., E.D. (I) Rosewood, Inc., FCB Properties, Inc., 470-474 Frontage Road, Inc., 575 Broad Street, Inc., Aspen Place, Inc., Birch Bark Properties, Inc., Catalpa Woods, Inc., North Queen Properties (I), Inc., North Queen Properties (II), Inc., Theodore, LLC, 500 Commercial Holding Corp., 10 Ben Holding Corp., 143 Will Holding Corp., 325 West Holding Corp., 682 Jam Holding Corp., Allsave Development, LLC, High Barney Road LLC, Hudsave Development, Inc., Prosave Development, Inc., Sprain Brook Realty Corp., and Warsave Development, Inc. 

WEBSTER SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Names Under Which Subsidiary Does Business Webster Bank, N.A. United States Same Sterling Silver Title Agency L.P. New Jersey Same Sterling Silver Abstract LLC New York Same 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 exhibit23consentofkpmgllp1.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-37530, 333-88021, 333-48548, 333-87508, 333-104871, 333-107263, 333-122344, 333-132068, 333-137951, 333-156419, 333-161604, 333-167161, 333-183875, 333-212075, 333-231066, 333-239255, 333-255454 and 333-257035 on Form S-8 and Registration Statements No. 333- 71707, 333-37714, 333-60656, 333-67074, 333-100846, and 333-251293 on Form S-3) of our reports dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Webster Financial Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit3114q22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John R. Ciulla, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Webster Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 10, 2023 
 s John R. Ciulla John R. Ciulla President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit3124q22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Glenn I. MacInnes, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Webster Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 
 s Glenn I. MacInnes Glenn I. MacInnes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit3214q22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Webster Financial Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the Form 10-K Report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 
 s John R. Ciulla John R. Ciulla President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit3224q22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Webster Financial Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the Form 10-K Report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 
 s Glenn I. MacInnes Glenn I. MacInnes Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 wbs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 wbs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 wbs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 wbs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 wbs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

