<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1368757_0000950170-23-009715.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19066040</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365203</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1833374</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9784267</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2459490</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4159588</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009715.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324155916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GTJ REIT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368757
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				205188065
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-136110
		FILM NUMBER:		23759799

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1399 FRANKLIN AVENUE
		CITY:			GARDEN CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11530
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-260-1981

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1399 FRANKLIN AVENUE
		CITY:			GARDEN CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11530

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GTJ REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060712

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009715.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 gttj-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness of its internal control over nancial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked priced of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: N/A. There is established public market for the registrant s shares of common stock. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of March 14, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

GTJ REIT, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 2 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 8 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 27 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 28 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 30 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 31 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 34 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 34 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 41 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 43 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 68 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 68 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 69 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 69 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 70 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 75 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 80 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 81 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 83 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 85 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 92 

1 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains or may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Historical results and trends should not be taken as indicative of future operations. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, project, prospects, seek, or similar expressions. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: 
 changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate market specifically; 

legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts REITs ); 

availability of capital; 

interest rates; 

our ability to service our debt; 

competition; 

supply and demand for operating properties in our current and proposed market areas; 

economic, political and social uncertainty; 

information technology security breaches, including increased cybersecurity risks relating to the use of remote technology; 

changes to generally accepted accounting principles; 

policies and guidelines applicable to REITs; 

litigation including costs associated with the prosecuting or defending claims and any adverse outcomes; and 

the risk factors included in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, and the forward-looking statements themselves, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons actual results could differ from those projected in such forward-looking statements, unless otherwise required by law. 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 GTJ REIT, Inc. (the Company, we, us, our, or GTJ REIT is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust REIT which, as of the date of this report, owns and operates, through GTJ Realty, LP, a limited partnership owned and controlled by the Company (the Operating Partnership a total of 49 commercial properties in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Delaware and North Carolina. We focus primarily on the acquisition, ownership, management and operation of commercial real estate. 
 The Company was incorporated on June 26, 2006 in Maryland. On March 29, 2007, the Company completed a merger transaction with Triboro Coach Corp., Jamaica Central Railways, Inc., and Green Bus Lines, Inc., (together collectively referred to as the Bus Companies ). The effect of the merger transaction was to complete a reorganization (the Reorganization of the ownership of the Bus Companies into GTJ REIT, with the former stockholders of the Bus Companies becoming stockholders in GTJ REIT. The 
 2 

Company then commenced operations as a fully integrated real estate company, and elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), effective July 1, 2007. 
 On January 17, 2013, the Company closed on a business combination with Wu/Lighthouse Portfolio, LLC, in which the Operating Partnership acquired all outstanding ownership interests of a portfolio consisting of 25 commercial properties (the Acquired Properties located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, in exchange for 33.29 of the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership exchanged for the Acquired Properties was increased to 33.78 due to post-closing adjustments. The subsequent redemption of certain shares of GTJ REIT, Inc. common stock and the purchase of a portion of the outstanding limited partnership interest resulted in a net decrease in the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership to 30.91 . As a result of the transaction, the Company s then existing 7 properties, the subsequent acquisition of 19 properties and the sale of 2 properties from 2014 through the date of this report, the Company currently beneficially owns a 69.09 interest in a total of 49 properties consisting of approximately 6.3 million square feet of primarily industrial properties on approximately 399 acres of land in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Delaware and North Carolina. The following is information with respect to leases and occupancy of our properties: 
 Our 2023 contractual rental income (as described below) is approximately 55.5 million; 

The occupancy rate of our properties owned as of December 31, 2022, is approximately 97 based on square footage, plus land available; and 

The weighted average remaining term of the leases generating our 2023 contractual rental income is 5.8 years. 

Our 2023 contractual rental income includes, after giving effect to any abatements, concessions or adjustments, rental income that is payable in 2023 under leases existing at December 31, 2022. Contractual rental income excludes straight-line rent and amortization of intangibles. Approximately 43 of our 2023 contractual rental income and 38 of our 2022 contractual rental income is derived from leases with the City of New York for five locations, four leases with Federal Express, and one lease with Avis Rent-A-Car Systems. 
 2022 Highlights 
 Total revenues were 65.5 million in 2022, an increase of approximately 3.3 million, or 5 , from 2021. 

Operating income before gain on sale of real estate decreased 1.4 million, or 5 , to 25.1 million in 2022 from approximately 26.5 million in 2021. 

Completed 1,066,203 square feet of new leasing and renewals of existing leases during 2022. 

Net income increased 12.4 million to 22.0 million in 2022 from 9.6 million in 2021. 

Adjusted Funds From Operations, or AFFO, attributable to our stockholders increased 0.3 million to 16.3 million in 2022 from 16.0 million in 2021. 

See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of AFFO to net income attributable to common stockholders. 
 Description of Business 
 We intend to further expand our real estate portfolio beyond the current portfolio of 49 properties owned as of the date of this report. We seek to acquire commercial real estate at favorable prices, focusing on the industrial product sector. We believe that quality tenants seek well-managed properties that offer superior and dependable services, particularly in competitive markets. We believe that a critical success factor in property acquisition lies in possessing the ability and flexibility to move quickly when an opportunity presents itself. 
 We intend to acquire fee ownership interests, but may also enter into joint venture arrangements. We seek to maximize current cash flows and seek long-term increases in the value of our assets. Our policy is to acquire assets where we believe opportunities exist for appropriate risk adjusted investment returns. We seek to accomplish this by investing in quality properties in geographic markets that we believe to be attractive and offer the potential of current and future demand, renovating acquired properties as appropriate, maintaining and efficiently operating our properties, and establishing good relationships with our tenants and the local communities. 
 3 

We intend to invest primarily in quality commercial real estate, specifically targeting industrial properties since they: 
 generally require less capital expenditures than other commercial property types; 

typically feature longer term leases, thereby reducing our vacancy and leasing costs; 

feature net leases under which the tenant is generally responsible for real estate taxes, insurance and ordinary operating expenses. Since our target tenants tend to manage the properties directly, this enables us to grow our portfolio without substantially increasing the size of our property management infrastructure; and 

provide a platform for our goals of both predictable and stable cash flow and the opportunity for long term real estate appreciation. 

To the extent it is in the best interests of our stockholders, we will seek to invest in a diversified portfolio of properties that will satisfy our primary investment objectives of providing our stockholders with stable cash flow, preservation of capital, and growth of income and principal, without taking undue risk. We anticipate that the majority of properties we acquire will have both the potential for growth in value and the ability to provide current cash distributions to stockholders. In addition, we may continue to look for attractive opportunities to divest certain of our properties or interests in our properties, potentially redeploying that capital in our focus markets or in other markets. 
 We intend to acquire properties with financing from mortgage or other debt or may acquire properties subject to existing indebtedness. We may also acquire properties, including a portfolio of properties, in exchange for an interest in our Operating Partnership (GTJ Realty, LP). We do not intend to incur aggregate indebtedness in excess of 75 of the gross fair value of our properties. Fair value, defined as the amount at which an investment could be exchanged in a current transaction with market participants, will be determined by management, using analytical data and other available information, including independent appraisals. 
 Decisions relating to the purchase or sale of properties are approved by our Board of Directors (the Board of Directors or Board ). Our Board is responsible for monitoring the administrative procedures, investment operations, and performance of our Company to ensure our policies are carried out. Our Board oversees our investment policies to determine that our policies are in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our Business Objective 
 Our business objective is to maintain and increase, over time, the cash available for distribution to our stockholders and enhance stockholder value by: 
 identifying opportunistic and strategic property acquisitions and divestitures consistent with our portfolio and our acquisition and divestiture strategies; 

obtaining mortgage indebtedness on favorable terms and maintaining access to capital to finance property acquisitions and our growth plans; and 

monitoring our portfolio, including leasing, tenant relations, operational and property management performance and property enhancements. 

Typical Property Attributes 
 The properties in our portfolio typically have the following attributes: 
 Net or ground leases . Substantially all of the leases are net or ground leases under which the tenant is typically responsible for real estate taxes, insurance and ordinary maintenance and repairs. We believe that investments in net or ground leased properties offer more predictable returns than other investments in real property; 

Long-term leases . Substantially all of our leases are long-term leases. Leases representing approximately 91 of our 2023 contractual rental income expire after 2024, and leases representing approximately 14 of our 2023 contractual rental income expire after 2032; and 

Scheduled rent increases . Leases representing approximately 82 of our 2023 contractual rental income provide for either periodic contractual rent increases or a rent increase based on the consumer price index. 

4 

Considerations Related to Potential Acquisitions 
 The following are some of the material considerations which we evaluate in relation to potential acquisitions: 
 general credit quality of current or prospective tenants, including their ability to meet operational needs and lease obligations; 

the estimated return on equity to us; 

the terms of tenant leases, including the relationship between current rents and market rents; 

the projected residual value of the property; 

the potential to finance the property; 

prospects for liquidity through sale or refinancing of the property; 

current and projected long-term cash flow and potential for capital appreciation; 

alternate uses or tenants for the property; 

property quality and condition and expectation of future capital needs; 

potential for economic growth in the community in which the property is located; 

potential for expanding the physical layout of the property; 

occupancy and demand by tenants for properties of a similar type in the same geographic vicinity; and 

competition from existing properties and the potential for the construction of new properties in the market. 

We will not acquire any property until we obtain an environmental assessment for each property and are satisfied with the environmental status of the property. 
 We anticipate that the purchase price of properties we acquire will vary depending on the general interest rate environment and availability of credit in addition to tenant profile, value of leases in place, property condition, size and location. We are not specifically limited in the number, size, or geographic location of properties we may acquire. The number and mix of properties we may acquire will depend upon existing real estate and market conditions and other relevant circumstances. Our operating costs will vary based on the amount of debt we incur in connection with financing the acquisition. It is difficult to predict the actual number or timing of properties that we will acquire because the purchase price of properties will vary widely and our investment in each will vary based on the amount and cost of debt financing. 
 Acquisition Strategies 
 We seek to acquire properties that have locations, demographics and other investment attributes that we believe to be attractive. We believe that long-term leases provide a predictable income stream over the term of the lease, making fluctuations in market rental rates and in real estate values less significant to achieving our overall investment objectives. Our preference is to acquire single-tenant properties that are subject to long-term net or ground leases that include periodic contractual rental increases or rent increases based on increases in the consumer price index. Periodic contractual rental increases provide reliable increases in future rent payments and rent increases based on the consumer price index provide protection against inflation. Historically, long-term leases have made it easier for us to obtain longer-term, fixed-rate mortgage financing, thereby moderating the interest rate risk. We may, however, acquire a property that is subject to a short-term lease when we believe the property represents a good opportunity for recurring income, potential repositioning and residual value. Although the acquisition of single-tenant properties subject to net and ground leases is the focus of our investment strategy, we will also consider investments in, among other things, properties that can be repositioned or redeveloped and multi-tenant properties. 
 Generally, we hold the properties we acquire for an extended period of time. Our investment criteria are intended to identify properties from which increased asset value and overall return can be realized from an extended period of ownership. Although our investment criteria favor an extended period of ownership, we will dispose of a property if we regard the disposition of the property as an opportunity to realize the overall value of the property sooner or to avoid future risks by achieving a determinable return from the property. 
 Our charter documents do not limit the number of properties in which we may invest, or the amount or percentage of our assets that may be invested in any specific property or property type. We will continue to form entities to acquire interests in real properties, either alone or with other investors, and we may acquire interests in joint ventures or other entities that own real property. 
 5 

Competitive Strengths 
 We compete for the purchase of commercial property with a variety of investors, including domestic and foreign entities, other REITs, insurance companies, and pension funds, as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real estate, some of which are publicly traded. We believe that our investment strategy and operating model distinguish us from other owners, operators and acquirers of industrial real estate in a number of ways, including: 
 Established Intermediary Relationships: We believe we have developed a reputation as a credible buyer of single-tenant industrial real estate, which provides us access to significant acquisition opportunities that may not be available to our competitors. 

Scalable Platform: Our focus on net lease properties ensures that our current staff (with incremental additions of employees) and infrastructure are sufficient to support our continued growth. 

Expertise in Underwriting Single-Tenant Properties: We believe that our industry and market relationships, market penetration and knowledge, combined with an expertise in assessing tenant retention and vacancy costs are advantages in identifying, underwriting and closing on attractive real estate acquisition opportunities. 

Experienced Management Team: The two senior members of our management team have significant real estate industry experience, each averaging in excess of 35 years. 

Our Policies With Respect to Borrowing 
 We presently anticipate that we will borrow funds, secured by the acquired property, as we purchase new properties. We may later refinance or increase mortgage indebtedness by obtaining additional loans secured by selected properties. Our Board reviews our aggregate borrowings to ensure that such borrowings are reasonable in relation to our assets. 
 We may also seek an acquisition facility to finance the purchase of additional properties, finance capital and/or tenant improvements or major repairs and maintenance and, if necessary, for working capital needs, or to meet our distribution requirements. We anticipate that aggregate borrowings, both secured and unsecured, will not exceed 75 of the gross fair value of our properties. 
 When incurring secured debt, we will seek to incur nonrecourse indebtedness, which means that the lenders rights in the event of our default generally will be limited to foreclosure on the property(ies) that secured the obligation. However, we may have to accept limited recourse financing, where we remain liable for any shortfall between the debt and the proceeds of sale of the mortgaged property. If we incur mortgage indebtedness, we will endeavor to obtain level payment financing, meaning that the amount of debt service payable would be substantially the same each year. However, we acknowledge that some mortgages are likely to provide for one large payment, and therefore, we may incur floating or adjustable-rate financing depending on market conditions. 
 Sale or Other Disposition of Our Properties 
 Management, with approval from our Board, determines whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of after consideration of the relevant factors, including performance or projected performance of the property, prevailing economic, market, property and tenant conditions, with a view toward achieving our principal investment objectives including maximizing capital appreciation and the effect on our obligations under existing agreements. We cannot assure you that these objectives will always be realized. 
 Changes in Our Investment Objectives 
 Subject to the limitations in our charter, our bylaws, and the Maryland General Corporation Law, our business and policies will be controlled by our Board. Our Board has the right to establish policies concerning investments and the right, power, and obligation to monitor our procedures, investment operations, and performance of our Company. Thus, stockholders must be aware that the Board, acting consistently with our organizational documents, applicable law, and their fiduciary obligations, may elect to modify our objectives and policies from time to time. 
 6 

Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 13 employees, 12 of whom are full time, who were employed at GTJ REIT, Inc. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. We believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. We believe in investing in talent at all levels within our organization. Employees are encouraged to take full advantage of professional development opportunities. 
 The health and safety of our employees is of utmost importance to us. We strive to make our workplace a safe place for employees during the workday. Diversity, equity and inclusion are fundamental values of our business. We believe that our potential for success is maximized by having a diverse workforce that is reflective of our society and the communities we serve. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to any actual or perceived characteristic protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. 
 Our Compliance with Governmental Regulations 
 Many laws and government regulations are applicable to our Company and changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and the courts, occur frequently. 
 Costs of Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements for access and use by disabled persons. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with present requirements of the ADA, none of our properties have been audited, nor have investigations of our properties been conducted to determine compliance. Therefore, we may incur additional costs in connection with the ADA. There are also federal, state, and local laws which also may require modifications to our properties or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. We cannot predict the cost of compliance with the ADA or other legislation. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA or any other legislation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and pay dividends and distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Costs of Government Environmental Regulation and Private Litigation 
 Environmental laws and regulations hold us liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances which may be on our properties. These laws could impose liability without regard to whether we are responsible for the presence or release of the hazardous materials. Government investigations and remediation actions may have substantial costs and the presence of hazardous substances on a property could result in personal injury or similar claims by private plaintiffs. Various laws also impose liability on persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances at the disposal or treatment facility. These laws often impose liability whether or not the person arranging for the disposal ever owned or operated the disposal facility. If we incur substantial costs to comply with any governmental environmental laws and regulations or the results of private litigation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Use of Hazardous Substances by Some of Our Tenants 
 Some of our tenants may handle hazardous or toxic substances and wastes on our properties as part of their routine operations. Environmental laws and regulations subject these tenants, and potentially us, to liability resulting from such activities. We require the tenants, in their respective leases, to comply with these environmental laws and regulations and to indemnify us for any related liabilities. We are unaware of any material noncompliance, liability, or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products in connection with any of our properties. If we incur substantial costs in order to comply with any environmental laws and regulations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Other Federal, State, and Local Regulations 
 Our properties are subject to various federal, state, and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these various requirements, we may incur governmental fines or private damage awards. Although we believe that our properties are currently in material compliance with all of these regulatory requirements, we do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether future requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We believe, based in part on engineering reports which we generally obtain at the time we acquire the properties, that all of our properties comply in all material respects with 
 7 

current regulations. However, if we were required to make significant expenditures under applicable regulations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and pay dividends and distributions could be adversely affected. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1399 Franklin Avenue, Suite 100, Garden City, New York 11530. Our telephone number is (516) 693-5500. Our website is www.gtjreit.com . The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this report or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 How to Obtain Our SEC Filings 
 All reports we file with the SEC are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . In addition, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to any of those reports that we file with the SEC are available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable through our website at www.gtjreit.com . The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this report or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the specific factors listed below, together with the cautionary statement under the caption Forward Looking-Statements and the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following significant risk factors set forth below actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operation could be materially adversely affected and the value of our common stock could decline and potentially affect our ability to pay dividends and distributions. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to our Organization and Structure 
 Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would subject us to corporate level income tax. 

We depend on key personnel and the loss of their full service could adversely affect us. 

Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. 

To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Properties 
 Our tenants may not be able to pay rent in a timely manner. 

A tenant s default or financial distress could significantly reduce our revenues. 

Significant inflation could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We may not be able to effectively operate our business if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel due to a tight labor market in areas in which we operate. 

All but two of our properties are located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut making us vulnerable to changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions in the Northeast. 

Our portfolio is affected by a number of factors that affect investments in leased real estate generally. 

A number of risks to which our properties may be exposed may not be covered by insurance. 

We may be unable to renew our current leases, lease vacant space, or re-lease space. 

Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect us. 

If we sell a property and provide financing to the purchaser, it may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders from the sale of the property. 

Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect us. 

Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from properties decreases. 

We may be unable to complete development and re-development projects on advantageous terms. 

We are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. 

We may become subject to material litigation. 

8 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the value of our common stock, the industry in which we conduct our operations and our profitability. 

We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks. 

Political and economic uncertainty could have an adverse effect on our business. 

A pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of a contagious disease or other health crises may adversely affect our business and the business of our tenants. 

Actions by our competitors may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 

A property that incurs a vacancy could be difficult to sell or re lease. 

We may not have funding for future tenant improvements. 

Bankruptcy laws will limit our remedies if a tenant becomes bankrupt and rejects its lease. 

Environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. 

Climate change may adversely affect our business. 

Our properties are subject to transitional risks related to climate-related policy change. 

We incur costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act. 

Our officers and directors may have other interests which may conflict with their duties to us and our stockholders, and which may have adverse effects on the interests of us and our stockholders. 

We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and furnish a report on our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest. 

Our Board of Directors may adopt changes to the valuation procedures and how we calculate our NAV. 

If we set aside insufficient capital reserves, we may be required to defer necessary capital improvements. 

If we enter into long-term leases with tenants, those leases may not result in fair value over time. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 The absence of a public market for our common stock will make it difficult for a stockholder to sell shares. 

Our stockholders interests may be diluted by issuances under our 2007 Incentive Award Plan and 2017 Incentive Award Plan and other common stock or preferred stock issuances. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of assets. 

Our stockholders are limited in their ability to sell shares of common stock pursuant to our share redemption program (the Program ). 

Our stockholders may not be able to sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the Program. 

The actual value of shares that we repurchase under the Program may be substantially less than what we pay. 

Our NAV per share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties or the precise amount that might be paid to stockholders for their shares in a transaction. 

Tax Risks Related to our Business and Structure 
 The requirement to distribute at least 90 of our taxable REIT income may require us to incur debt, sell assets, or issue additional securities for cash. 

If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will not be able to deduct our distributions, and our income will be subject to taxation. 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes affecting REITs. 

If the Operating Partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status would be terminated. 

If the Operating Partnership is classified as a publicly traded partnership under the Code, our operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 

Acquisition and Divestiture Risks 
 We may be unable to acquire properties on advantageous terms or acquisitions may not perform as expected. 

We may not be able to diversify our real property portfolio due to the number and size of our competitors. 

We have obtained only limited warranties when we purchase properties and may have limited recourse if any issue arises. 

Lack of liquidity of real estate could make it difficult for us to sell properties within our desired time frame. 

We may be unable to sell a property if or when we decide to do so. 

9 

Our inability to identify or find funding for acquisitions could prevent us from diversification or growth. 

Investing in or owning properties through joint ventures creates a risk of loss to us. 

Risks Related to Our Use of Borrowed Funds 
 We have incurred and plan to incur mortgage and other indebtedness, which could result in material risk to our business if there is a default, including the loss of the real property. 

The incurrence of indebtedness for operations will increase expenses which could decrease cash available for dividends. 

Debt financing, the degree of leverage and rising interest rates could reduce our cash flow. 

Prolonged disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms. 

We have incurred and plan to incur mortgage and other indebtedness, which could result in material risk to our business if there is a default, including the loss of the real property. 

The discontinuation of LIBOR may increase our interest expense or otherwise adversely affect us. 

Possible Adverse Consequences of Limits on Ownership and Transfer of our Shares 
 The stock ownership limitation in our charter will prevent you from acquiring more than 9.9 of our common stock and may force you to sell common stock back to us. 

Anti-takeover Provisions Related to Us 
 Limitations on share ownership and transfer may deter a sale of our company in which you could profit. 

Our Board of Directors has the ability to issue blank check preferred stock. 

Maryland anti-takeover statute restrictions may deter others from seeking to acquire our company. 

Certain provisions of our charter may deter a change of control and make stockholder action more difficult. 

Risks Related to our Organization and Structure 
 Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would subject us to corporate level income tax, which would materially impact funds available for distribution. 
 We intend to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT. Qualifying as a REIT requires us to meet several tests regarding the nature of our assets and income on an ongoing basis. A number of the tests established to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes are fact specific. Therefore, while we intend to continue to qualify as a REIT, it may not be possible at this time to assess our ability to satisfy these various tests on a continuing basis. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that we will remain qualified as a REIT in the future. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any year, we would be required to pay federal income tax on our net income. Our payment of income tax would substantially decrease the amount of cash available to be distributed to our stockholders. In addition, we would no longer be required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our stockholders. Unless our failure to qualify as a REIT is excused under relief provisions of the federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year following the year in which we failed to qualify. 
 We depend on key personnel and the loss of their full service could adversely affect us. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of certain key personnel including, but not limited to, our management team, whose continued service is not guaranteed, and each of whom would be difficult to replace. If any of our key personnel were to cease employment with us, our operating results could suffer. Our ability to retain our management group or to attract suitable replacements should any members of the management group leave is dependent on the competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key members of the management group or a limitation in their availability could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flows. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the marketplace. 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control, which may affect our ability to seize strategic opportunities, satisfy debt obligations and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are generally required under the Code to distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our net taxable 
 10 

income, including any net capital gains. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, we may rely on third party sources to fund our capital needs. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage. Our access to third party sources of capital depends, in part, on general market conditions, the market s perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, our current and expected future earnings, our cash flow and cash dividends, among other factors. If we cannot obtain capital from third party sources, we may not be able to acquire properties when strategic opportunities exist, meet the capital and operating needs of our existing properties or satisfy our debt service obligations. Further, in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements and maintain our REIT status and to avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds on a short term basis even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These short term borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes or the effect of non deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, certain restrictions on distributions under loan documents or required debt or amortization payments. To the extent that capital is not available to acquire properties, profits may not be realized or their realization may be delayed, which could result in an earnings stream that is less predictable than some of our competitors and result in us not meeting our projected earnings and distributable cash flow levels in a particular reporting period. Failure to meet our projected earnings and distributable cash flow levels in a particular reporting period could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to forego otherwise attractive opportunities, which may delay or hinder our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce our stockholders overall return. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy certain tests on an ongoing basis concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, nature of our assets and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times when it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. Compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits and the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Properties 
 We depend upon our tenants to pay rent in a timely manner, and their inability or unwillingness to pay rent could impact our ability to pay our indebtedness, leading to possible defaults, and reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Our real property, particularly those we may purchase in the future, will be subject to varying degrees of risk that generally arise from such ownership. The underlying value of our properties and the ability to make distributions to our stockholders depend upon the ability of the tenants of our properties to generate enough income to pay their rents in a timely manner. Their inability or unwillingness to do so may be impacted by the profitability of our tenants businesses or other constraints on their finances. Changes beyond our control may adversely affect our tenants ability to make lease payments and consequently would substantially reduce our income from operations and our ability to meet our debt service requirements and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 A default by a tenant, the failure of a tenant s guarantor to fulfill its obligations, or other premature termination of a lease could, depending upon the size of the leased premises and our ability to successfully find a substitute tenant, have a materially adverse effect on our revenues, the value of our common stock or our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 If we are unable to find tenants for our properties, particularly those we may purchase in the future, or find replacement tenants when leases expire and are not renewed by the tenants, our revenues, cash available for distribution to our stockholders and our ability to serve our debt obligations will be reduced. 
 Approximately 43 of our 2023 contractual rental income and 38 of our 2022 contractual rental income is derived from leases with the City of New York for five locations, four leases with Federal Express, and one lease with Avis Rent-A-Car Systems, Inc. A tenant s default or financial distress could significantly reduce our revenues. 
 Virtually all of our leases with the City of New York, Federal Express and Avis Rent-A-Car Systems, Inc. are triple net leases and provide for escalations. Any disruption or delay in these tenants ability to perform under the leases could cause interruptions in the receipt of, or loss of, a significant amount of rental revenues and could result in requiring us to pay operating expenses currently paid by the tenants which could substantially reduce our income from operations and our ability to meet our debt service requirements and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 11 

Significant inflation could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Increased inflation could adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, construction and renovation. In a highly inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise rental rates at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. In March 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began, has continued and is expected to continue, to raise interest rates in an effort to curb inflation. Such increases in the cost of capital could adversely impact our ability to finance operations and acquire properties. Increased interest rates may also result in less liquid property markets, limiting our ability to sell existing assets. In addition, our cost of labor and materials could increase, which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. While increases in most operating expenses at our properties can be passed on to our commercial tenants, some tenants have fixed reimbursement charges and expenses at these properties may not be able to be passed on to tenants. Unreimbursed increased operating expenses may reduce cash flow available for payment of mortgage debt and interest and for distributions to shareholders. 
 We may not be able to effectively operate our business if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel due to a tight labor market in areas in which we operate. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. Currently, the U.S. job market is experiencing labor shortages at record levels. Factors impacting the labor shortage include people leaving the workforce entirely, higher pay from competitors, demand for flexible working hours and remote work, and many other factors. The increased ability of employees in the workforce to work from home or in other remote work arrangements has made it and may continue to make it more difficult for us to compete in the job market. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. 
 All but two of our properties are located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut making us vulnerable to changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions in the Northeast that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 All of our properties are located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, except for one property located in Delaware and one property acquired in 2023 which is located in North Carolina. This geographic concentration in the Northeast exposes us to greater risks than if we owned properties in multiple geographic regions. General economic conditions in the Northeast may significantly affect the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. Further, the economic condition of the region may also depend on a few industries and, therefore, an economic downturn in one of these industry sectors may adversely affect our performance. In addition to economic conditions, we may also be subject to changes in the region s regulatory environment (such as increases in real estate and other taxes, costs of complying with government regulations or increased regulation and other factors) or other adverse conditions or events (such as natural disasters). Thus, adverse developments and/or conditions in the Northeast region could reduce demand for space, impact the credit-worthiness of our tenants or force our tenants to curtail operations, which could impair their ability to meet their rent obligations to us and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and our ability to meet our debt service requirements and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our revenues and the value of our portfolio are affected by a number of factors that affect investments in leased real estate generally. 
 We are subject to the general risks of investing in leased real estate. These include the non-performance of lease obligations by tenants, leasehold improvements that will be costly or difficult to remove or certain upgrades that may be needed should it become necessary to re-rent the leased space for other uses, rights of termination of leases due to events of casualty or condemnation affecting the leased space or the property or due to interruption of the tenant s quiet enjoyment of the leased premises, and obligations of a landlord to restore the leased premises or the property following events of casualty or condemnation. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 In addition, if our competitors offer space at rental rates below our current rates or the market rates, we may lose current or potential tenants to other properties in our markets. Additionally, we may need to reduce rental rates below our current rates in order to retain tenants upon expiration of their leases or to attract new tenants. As a result, our results of operations, cash flow and distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 A number of risks to which our properties may be exposed may not be covered by insurance, which could result in losses which are uninsured. 
 We could suffer a loss due to the cost to repair any damage to properties that are not insured or are underinsured. There are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to terrorism, wars, earthquakes, or acts of God that are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Generally, we will not obtain insurance for hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, or other acts of God unless required by a lender or we determine that such insurance is necessary and may be obtained on a cost-effective 
 12 

basis. If such a catastrophic event were to occur, or cause the destruction of one or more of our properties, we could lose both our invested capital and anticipated profits from such property. 
 We may be unable to renew our current leases, lease vacant space, including vacant space resulting from tenant defaults, or re-lease space as our current leases expire. 
 We cannot assure you that leases at our properties will be renewed or that such properties will be re-leased at favorable rental rates. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, our tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-lease a significant portion of our available space, including vacant space resulting from tenant defaults, and space for which leases are scheduled to expire, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, cash available for distribution to stockholders and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to renew leases or re-lease a property, the resale value of that property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property will depend in part upon the value of the leases of such property. 
 Declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 We review the carrying value of our properties when circumstances, such as adverse market conditions indicate potential impairment may exist. We base our review on an estimate of the future cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment s use and eventual disposition. We consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. Significant management judgment is involved in determining if impairment indicators exist, assessing investments for recoverability, and, if required, measuring the fair value of the real estate investments. If our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. These losses would have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. A worsening real estate market may cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Stockholders may not receive any distributions from the sale of one of our properties, or not receive such distributions in a timely manner, because we may have to provide financing to the purchaser of such property, resulting in an inability or delay of distributions to stockholders. 
 When appropriate, we may structure the sale of a real property as a like-kind exchange under the federal income tax laws so that we may acquire qualifying like-kind replacement property meeting our investment objectives without recognizing taxable gain on the sale. Furthermore, we may reinvest in additional properties proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing, or other disposition or, secondarily, use such proceeds for capital improvements or maintenance and repair of existing properties or to increase our reserves for such purposes. The objective of reinvesting such portion of the sale, financing, and refinancing proceeds is to increase the total value of real estate assets that we own, and the future cash flow derived from such assets to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Despite this policy, our Board of Directors may distribute to our stockholders all or a portion of the proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing, or other disposition of a property. In determining whether any of such proceeds should be distributed to our stockholders, our Board of Directors considers, among other factors, the desirability of properties available for purchase, real estate market conditions, and compliance with the REIT distribution requirements. 
 In connection with a sale of a property, our preference will be to obtain an all-cash sale price. However, we may accept a purchase money obligation secured by a mortgage on the property as partial payment. The terms of payment upon sale will be affected by the salient economic and market conditions. To the extent we receive notes, securities, or other property instead of cash from sales, such proceeds, other than any interest payable on such proceeds, will not be included in net sale proceeds available for distribution until and to the extent the notes or other property are actually paid, sold, refinanced, or otherwise disposed of. Thus, the distribution of the proceeds of a sale to stockholders may need to be paid from other sources. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing and may negatively impact our liquidity, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 From time to time, the capital and credit markets in the United States and other countries experience significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which can cause the market prices of many securities and the spreads on prospective debt financings to fluctuate substantially. These circumstances can materially impact liquidity in the financial markets, making terms 
 13 

for certain financings less attractive, and in some cases, result in the unavailability of financing. For example, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and New York Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. 
 
 A significant amount of our existing indebtedness was issued through capital markets transactions. We anticipate that the capital markets could be a source of refinancing of our existing indebtedness in the future. This source of refinancing may not be available if volatility in or disruption of the capital markets occurs. If our ability to issue additional debt or equity securities or to borrow money were to be impaired by volatility in or disruption of the capital markets, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. 
 
 We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of SVB and New York Signature Bank on March 10, 2023 and March 12, 2023, respectively. The Company does not have any direct exposure to SVB or New York Signature Bank. However, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash and cash equivalents may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition 
 Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from properties decreases. 
 
 Our financial results depend on leasing space to tenants on terms favorable to us. Our income and funds available for distribution to our stockholders will decrease if a significant number of our tenants cannot pay their rent or we are unable to lease properties on favorable terms. In addition, if a tenant does not pay its rent, we may not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and we may incur substantial legal costs. Costs associated with real property, such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. 
 We may be unable to complete development and re-development projects on advantageous terms. 
 As part of our business, we develop new properties and re-develop existing properties as conditions warrant. This part of our business involves significant risks, including the following: 
 
 we may not be able to obtain financing for these projects on favorable terms; 

we may not complete construction on schedule or within budget; 

we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations; 

contractor and subcontractor disputes, strikes, labor disputes or supply chain disruptions may occur; and 

properties may perform below anticipated levels, producing cash flow below budgeted amounts, which may result in us paying too much for a property, cause the property to not be profitable and limit our ability to sell such properties to third parties. 

To the extent these risks result in increased debt service expense, construction costs and delays in budgeted leasing, they could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our performance and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the value of our securities are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. 
 The investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the properties, as well as the expenses incurred in connection with the properties. If our properties do not generate income sufficient to meet operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, then our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. In addition, there are significant expenditures associated with an investment in real estate (such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs) that generally do not decline when circumstances reduce the income from the property. Income from and the value of our properties may be adversely affected by: 
 14 

changes in general or local economic climate; 

the attractiveness of our properties to potential tenants; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; 

bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants; 

changes in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive or otherwise reduce returns to stockholders; 

changes in operating costs and expenses and our ability to control rents; 

changes in or increased costs of compliance with governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws, and our potential liability thereunder; 

our ability to provide adequate maintenance and insurance; 

changes in the cost or availability of insurance, including coverage for mold or asbestos; 

unanticipated changes in costs associated with known adverse environmental conditions or retained liabilities for such conditions; 

periods of high interest rates and tight money supply; 

tenant turnover; 

climate change; 

general overbuilding or excess supply in the market; 

inflation; and 

disruptions in the global supply chain caused by political, regulatory or other factors including terrorism. 

In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decrease in rents or an increased occurrence of defaults under existing leases, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For these and other reasons, we cannot assure you that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties. 
 We may become subject to litigation, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
 We may become subject to litigation, including claims relating to our operations, offerings, and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. Resolution of these types of matters could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and directors. 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the value of the Company's common stock, the industry in which we conduct our operations and our profitability. 
 
 Terrorist attacks may harm our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that there will not be terrorist attacks in the localities in which we conduct business. More generally, concern over geopolitical issues, such as armed conflicts and war, could adversely impact our business. For example, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the worldwide financial markets and economy. These attacks or armed conflicts may adversely impact our operations or financial condition. In addition, losses resulting from these types of events may be uninsurable. 
 We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions. 
 
 We rely extensively on computer systems to manage our business, and our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks. These could include attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and computer systems. Attacks can be prepared and conducted by individuals as well as by sophisticated groups/organizations. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, which include password protection, frequent password change events, firewall detection systems, frequent backups, a redundant data system for core applications and annual penetration testing; however, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cybersecurity attack. A cybersecurity attack could compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants and vendors. A successful attack could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Political and economic uncertainty could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We cannot predict how current political and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to taxation, the recent rise of inflation, supply chain disruptions, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, rising interest rates, as well as the resulting governmental policies, will affect our critical tenants, joint venture partners, lenders, financial institutions and general economic conditions, including the health and confidence of the consumer and the volatility of the stock market. 
 
 Political and economic uncertainty poses a risk to us in that it may cause consumers to postpone discretionary spending in response to tighter credit, reduced consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, resulting in a downturn in the business of our tenants. In the event current political and economic uncertainty results in financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets generally or significant financial service institution failures, there could be a new or incremental tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. Each of these could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 A pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of a contagious disease, or other health crises may adversely affect our tenants financial condition and the profitability of our properties. 
 
 Our business and the businesses of our tenants could be materially and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to another pandemic or other health crisis, similar to the prior outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Such events could result in the complete or partial closure of one or more of our tenants facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in our tenants supply chains from local and international suppliers, and /or delays in the delivery of our tenants inventory. Such events could severely disrupt our tenants operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if such events lead to a significant or prolonged impact on capital or credit markets or economic growth, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Actions by our competitors may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 We compete with other owners, operators and developers of real estate, some of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets and submarkets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, cash flows, cash available for distribution, value of our securities and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. 
 A property that incurs a vacancy could be difficult to sell or re lease, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, cash available for distribution, and the value of our securities. 
 A property may incur a vacancy either by the continued default of a tenant under its lease or the expiration of one of our leases. In addition, certain of the properties we acquire may have some level of vacancy at the time of closing. Certain of our properties may be specifically suited to the particular needs of a tenant. We may have difficulty obtaining a new tenant for any vacant space we have in our properties. If the vacancy continues for a long period of time, we may suffer reduced revenue resulting in less cash available to be distributed to stockholders. In addition, the resale value of a property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property will depend principally upon the value of the leases of such property. 
 We may not have funding for future tenant improvements, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, cash available for distribution, and the value of our securities. 
 When a tenant at one of our properties does not renew its lease or otherwise vacates its space in one of our buildings, it is likely that, in order to attract one or more new tenants, we will be required to expend funds to construct new tenant improvements in the vacated space. Except with respect to our current reserves for capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions, we cannot assure you that we will have adequate sources of funding available to us for such purposes in the future. 
 Bankruptcy laws will limit our remedies if a tenant becomes bankrupt and rejects its lease, resulting in an inability to collect balances due on our leases. 
 If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, that could diminish the income we receive from that tenant s leases. Our tenants may experience downturns in their operating results due to adverse changes to their business or economic conditions, and those tenants that are highly leveraged may have a higher possibility of filing for bankruptcy or insolvency. We may not be able to 
 16 

evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. On the other hand, a bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to terminate its leases with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be an unsecured prepetition claim subject to statutory limitations, and therefore such amounts received in bankruptcy are likely to be substantially less than the remaining rent we otherwise were owed under the leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent could be substantially less than the amount owed. If the lease for such a property is rejected in bankruptcy, our revenue would be reduced and could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions to stockholders. 
 Environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on such property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based on personal injury, natural resources or property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances on one of our properties, or the failure to properly remediate a contaminated property, could give rise to a lien in favor of the government for costs it may incur to address the contamination, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated. A property owner who violates environmental laws may be subject to sanctions which may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, private parties. In connection with the acquisition and ownership of our properties, we may be exposed to such costs. The cost of defending against environmental claims, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or of remediating any contaminated property could materially adversely affect our business, assets or results of operations and, consequently, amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Climate change may adversely affect our business. 
 We cannot predict the rate at which climate change will progress. However, the physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations, and business. To the extent that climate change impacts changes in weather patterns, our markets could experience severe weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes, and severe winter storms due to increases in storm intensity and unpredictable weather patterns. Over time, these weather conditions could result in declining demand for space at our properties, delays in construction, resulting in increased construction costs, or in our inability to operate the buildings at all. Climate change and severe weather may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of, or decreasing the availability of, property insurance on terms we find acceptable, by increasing the costs of energy, maintenance, repair of water and/or wind damage, and snow removal at our properties. 
 In recent years, the assessment of the potential impact of climate change has begun to impact the activities of government authorities and other areas that impact the business environment in the U.S., including, but not limited to, energy-efficiency measures, water use measures and land-use practices. According to the latest data provided by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. is responsible for approximately 15 of the global greenhouse gas emissions. To combat the cause of global warming domestically, President Biden identified climate change as one of his administration s top priorities and pledged to seek measures that would pave the path for the U.S. to eliminate net greenhouse gas pollution by 2050. In April 2021, President Biden announced the administration s plan to reduce the U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by at least 50 by 2030. These environmental goals earned a prominent place in the Biden administration s 1.2 trillion infrastructure bill, which was signed into law on November 15, 2021. It is not yet known what the full impact of this law may have on our properties, business operations, or our tenants, but government efforts to combat climate change may impact the cost of operating our properties. 
 Numerous states and municipalities have adopted laws and policies on climate change and emission reduction targets. Changes in federal, state, and local legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change could result in increased capital expenditures on our existing properties and our new development properties (for example, to improve their energy efficiency and/or resistance to severe weather) without a corresponding increase in revenue, which may result in adverse impacts to our net income. The impact of climate change on weather patterns or the occurrence of significant weather events could impact economic activity or the value of our properties in specific markets. 
 We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide key services, including, but not limited to, utilities and construction services, at certain of our properties. Our business and property operations may be adversely affected if these vendors fail to adequately provide key services at our properties as a result of unanticipated events, including those resulting from climate change. If a vendor fails to adequately provide utilities, construction, or other important services, we may experience significant interruptions in 
 17 

service and disruptions to business operations at our properties, incur remediation costs, and become subject to claims and damage to our reputation. 
 The occurrence of any of these events or conditions may result in physical damage to our properties and adversely impact our ability to lease our properties, including our or our tenants ability to obtain property insurance on acceptable terms, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our properties are located in urban areas, which means the vitality of our properties is reliant on sound transportation and utility infrastructure. If that infrastructure is compromised in any way by an extreme weather event, such a compromise could have an adverse impact on our local economies and populations, as well as on our tenants ability to do business in our buildings. 
 Our properties are subject to transitional risks related to climate-related policy change. 
 De-carbonization of grid-supplied energy could lead to increased energy costs and operating expenses for our buildings. Retrofitting our building systems to consume less energy could lead to increased capital costs. Buildings which consume fossil fuel onsite may be subject to penalties. In addition, the full transition of grid-supplied energy to renewable sources (as has been mandated by the Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act in New York State) could lead to increased energy costs and operating expenses for our buildings. This legislation has not had a material impact on the Company's operations. 
 We may become subject to costs, taxes or penalties, or increases therein, associated with natural resource or energy usage, such as a carbon tax and by local legislation such as laws passed to impose limits or eliminate any onsite fossil fuel combustion in new construction and major renovations. These costs, taxes or penalties could increase our operating costs and decrease the cash available to pay our obligations or distribute to our equity owners. 
 Our costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act may affect cash available for distribution. 
 Our properties are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA ). Under the ADA, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The ADA s requirements could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. We will attempt to acquire properties that comply with the ADA or place the burden on the seller or other third party to ensure compliance with the ADA. However, we cannot assure stockholders that we will be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. If we cannot, our funds used for ADA compliance may affect cash available for distribution and the amount of distributions to stockholders. 
 Our officers and directors may have other interests which may conflict with their duties to us and our stockholders, and which may have adverse effects on the interests of us and our stockholders. 
 Our officers and directors may have other interests which could conflict with their duties to us and our stockholders, and which may have adverse effects on the interests of us and our stockholders. For example, certain of such persons may have interests in other real estate related ventures and may have to determine how to allocate an opportunity between us and such other ventures. Also, such persons may have to decide whether we should purchase or dispose of real property from or to an entity with which they are related, or conduct other transactions, and if so, the terms thereof. Our officers and directors are expected to disclose, in a timely and fair manner, such instances, and we require that potential conflicts be brought to the attention of our Board of Directors and that determinations will be made by a majority of directors who have no interest in the transaction. As of this time, only two officers and directors conduct a real property business apart from their activities with us. These individuals are Paul Cooper, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Director, and Louis Sheinker, our President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, and Director. See Note 8, Related Party Transactions to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and furnish a report on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which requires us to assess and attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Since we are defined as a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer pursuant to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to opine as to the adequacy of our assessment and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If any deficiencies or material weaknesses exist as a result of our assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, our financial statements may be materially adversely affected. 
 18 

Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest. 
 Persons holding limited partnership interests have the right to vote on certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as well as on certain other matters. Persons holding such voting rights may exercise them in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our stockholders. Additionally, we control the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The general partner owes duties to the limited partners which obligate the general partner to act in the best interests of the limited partners of the Operating Partnership. Circumstances may arise in the future when the interests of limited partners of the Operating Partnership may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. 
 No rule or regulation requires that we calculate our NAV in a certain way, and our Board of Directors, including a majority of our independent directors, may adopt changes to the valuation procedures. 
 There are no existing rules or regulatory bodies that specifically govern the manner in which we calculate our NAV. As a result, it is important that stockholders pay particular attention to the specific methodologies and assumptions we use to calculate our NAV. Other REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine their NAV. In addition, each year our Board of Directors, including a majority of our independent directors, will review the appropriateness of our valuation procedures and may, at any time, adopt changes to the valuation procedures. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our NAV and the price at which stockholders may sell shares to us under our share redemption program. 
 If we set aside insufficient capital reserves, we may be required to defer necessary capital improvements. 
 If we do not have enough capital reserves to supply needed funds for capital improvements throughout the life of the investment in a property, and there is insufficient cash available from our operations, we may be required to defer necessary improvements to the property, which may cause the property to suffer from a greater risk of obsolescence or a decline in value, or a greater risk of decreased cash flow as a result of fewer potential tenants being attracted to the property. If this happens, we may not be able to maintain projected rental rates for affected properties, and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 If we enter into long-term leases with tenants, those leases may not result in fair value over time. 
 Long-term leases do not allow for significant changes in rental payments and do not expire in the near term. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates when negotiating these long-term leases, significant increases in future property operating costs could result in receiving less than fair value from these leases. Such circumstances would adversely affect our revenues and funds available for distribution. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 The absence of a public market for our common stock will make it difficult for a stockholder to sell shares, which may have to be held for an indefinite period. 
 Current and prospective stockholders should understand that our common stock is illiquid, as there is currently no public market, and they must be prepared to hold their shares of common stock for an indefinite length of time. We have no current plans to cause our common stock to be listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any market system or in any established market either immediately or at any definite time in the future. While our Board of Directors may attempt to cause our common stock to be listed or quoted in the future, there can be no assurance that this event will occur. Accordingly, stockholders will find it difficult to resell their shares of common stock. Thus, our common stock should be considered a long-term investment. In addition, there are restrictions on the transfer of our common stock. In order to qualify as a REIT, our shares must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons at all times and no more than 50 of the value of our issued and outstanding shares may be owned directly or indirectly by five or fewer individuals and certain entities at all times. Our charter provides that no person may own more than 9.9 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Any attempted ownership of our shares that would result in a violation of one or more of these limits will result in such shares being transferred to an excess share trust so that such shares will be disposed of in a manner consistent with the REIT ownership requirements. In addition, any attempted transfer of our shares that would cause us to be beneficially owned by less than 100 persons will be disallowed. 
 Our stockholders interests may be diluted by issuances under our 2007 Incentive Award Plan, 2017 Incentive Award Plan, 2021 Long-Term Equity Plan and other common stock or preferred stock issuances, which could result in lower returns to our stockholders. 
 We had a 2007 Incentive Award Plan that provided for awards in the form of restricted shares, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may have been 
 19 

awarded under the 2007 Incentive Award Plan was 1,000,000 shares. The 2007 Incentive Award Plan expired by its terms on June 11, 2017, and there are non-vested shares and unexercised options outstanding that were granted under the 2007 Incentive Award Plan. 
 We have adopted the 2017 Incentive Award Plan, under which 2,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance, and under which we may grant stock, stock units, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, and stock appreciation rights to our officers, employees, consultants, and directors. On November 2, 2021, our Board of Directors approved the 2021 Long-Term Equity Plan, which memorializes the terms and conditions of long-term equity incentive awards that can be earned by our chief executive officer and our president pursuant to their second amended and restated employment agreements. The effect of these grants, including the subsequent exercise of stock options, could be to dilute the value of the stockholders investments. 
 In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to cause us to issue additional shares of our common stock, or shares of preferred stock on which it can set the terms, and to raise capital through the issuance of options, warrants and other rights, on terms and for consideration as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may determine, subject to certain restrictions in our charter. Any such issuance could result in dilution to stockholders. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, authorize us to issue common stock or other interests or our securities to persons from whom we purchase real property or other assets, as part or all of the purchase price. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine the value of any common stock or other equity or debt securities issued in consideration of property or services provided, or to be provided, to us. 
 Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of assets, which may reduce the economic returns we are able to provide to our stockholders. 
 Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of investments, and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic, financial, investment or other conditions. In addition, significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. In addition, we intend to comply with the safe harbor rules relating to the number of properties that can be disposed of in a year, the tax basis and the costs of improvements made to these properties, and meet other tests which enable a REIT to avoid punitive taxation on the sale of assets. Thus, our ability at any time to sell assets may be restricted. This lack of liquidity may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic, financial, investment or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay distributions on our common stock. 
 Our stockholders are limited in their ability to sell shares of common stock pursuant to our share redemption program. Stockholders may not be able to sell any shares of our common stock back to us, and if they do sell their shares, they may not receive the price they paid. 
 Our Program may provide our stockholders with a limited opportunity to have their shares of our common stock redeemed by us at a discount to the net asset value NAV per share. Our Program contains certain restrictions and limitations, including those relating to the dollar amount of shares of our common stock that we can redeem at any given time. Specifically, effective as of August 8, 2022, the Program limits the number of shares to be redeemed to no more than 2.0 million of shares in any calendar year (prior limit was 1.0 million of shares in any calendar year) and such repurchase is subject to funds being available. In addition, our Board of Directors reserves the right to amend, suspend or terminate the Program at any time upon 30 days notice to our stockholders. Therefore, our stockholders may not have the opportunity to make a redemption request prior to a potential termination of the Program and our stockholders may not be able to sell any of their shares of our common stock back to us pursuant to our Program. Moreover, if our stockholders do sell their shares of common stock back to us pursuant to the Program, they may not receive the same price they paid for any shares of our common stock being redeemed. 
 Since the Program became effective in 2017, the Company has received redemption requests each year exceeding the Program s annual limit (other than in 2020 when the Program was suspended). As a result, we were unable to purchase all shares presented for redemption. The Company honored the requests it received on a pro rata basis in accordance with the policy on priority of redemptions set forth in the Program, subject to giving certain priorities in accordance with the Program. The Company treats any unsatisfied portions of redemption requests as requests for redemption in the next semi-annual period. Because of the restrictions of our Program, our stockholders may not be able to sell their shares under the Program, and if stockholders are able to sell their shares, they may not recover the amount of their investment in us. 
 The actual value of shares that we repurchase under our Program may be substantially less than what we pay. 
 The terms of our Program generally require us to repurchase shares at a price equal to 90 of our most recently disclosed estimated NAV per share. On March 23, 2023 the Company received its annual valuation as of December 31, 2022 for the calculation of NAV under the Program. Our Board of Directors approved an estimated per share NAV of our common stock of 23.39 based on 
 20 

the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding (based upon interpolated shares from the conversion of units from the Company s operating partnership), calculated as of December 31, 2022. The annual valuation resulted in an adjustment to the redemption price under the Program from 20.03 to 21.05 per share (90 of the NAV per share). The Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on March 23, 2023, and mailed to its stockholders an announcement of the redemption price adjustment. The redemption price of 21.05 per share will be effective for the semi-annual period running from December 1, 2022 to May 31, 2023 and until such time as the Board determines a new estimated per share NAV. Our stockholders are permitted to withdraw any redemption requests upon written notice to us at any time prior to ten (10) days before the end of the applicable semi-annual period. 
 The estimated NAV per share of our common stock is calculated as of a specific date and is expected to fluctuate over time in response to future events. However, we anticipate only determining an estimated NAV per share annually. In the event that the value of our shares decreases due to market or other conditions, the price at which we repurchase our shares pursuant to our Program might reflect a premium to our NAV. If the actual NAV of our shares is less than the price paid for the shares to be repurchased, any repurchases made would be immediately dilutive to our remaining stockholders. 
 In determining our most recent NAV per share, we relied upon a valuation of our properties as of December 31, 2022. Valuations and appraisals of our properties are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value upon the sale of such properties, therefore our new NAV per share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties. 
 For the purposes of calculating our NAV per share, an independent third-party appraiser valued our properties as of December 31, 2022. The valuation methodologies used to value our properties involved certain subjective judgments. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of the independent appraiser. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our properties and other assets may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of those assets. 
 Our NAV per share is based upon subjective judgments, assumptions and opinions, which may or may not turn out to be correct. Therefore, our NAV per share may not reflect the precise amount that might be paid to stockholders for their shares in a transaction. 
 Our NAV per share was based on an estimate of the value of our properties consisting principally of illiquid commercial real estate as of December 31, 2022. The valuation methodologies used by the independent appraiser retained by our Board of Directors to estimate the value of our properties as of December 31, 2022 involved subjective judgments, assumptions and opinions, which may or may not turn out to be correct. As a result, our NAV per share may not reflect the precise amount that might be paid to stockholders for their shares in a transaction. 
 Tax Risks Related to our Business and Structure 
 The requirement to distribute at least 90 of our taxable REIT income may require us to incur debt, sell assets, or issue additional securities for cash, which would increase the risks associated with your investment. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable REIT income, other than any capital gains. To the extent that we distribute at least 90 but less than 100 of our taxable income in a calendar year, we will incur no federal corporate income tax on our distributed net income, but will incur a federal corporate income tax on any undistributed amounts. In addition, we will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount we distribute to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount required. We intend to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our stockholders each year so that we will satisfy the distribution requirement and avoid the 4 excise tax. However, we could be required to include earnings in our taxable income before we actually receive the related cash. In the event that we do not distribute 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to taxation at the REIT level on the amount of undistributed taxable income and to the extent we distribute such amount, you will be subject to taxation on it at the stockholder level. 
 We cannot assure you that we will make distributions. Our policy is to make such distributions on a quarterly basis. We will seek to minimize, to the extent possible, the fluctuations in distributions that might result if distribution payments were based solely on actual cash received during the distribution period. To implement this policy, we may use cash received during prior periods or cash received subsequent to the distribution period and prior to the payment date for such distribution payment, to pay annualized distributions consistent with the distribution level established from time to time by our Board of Directors. Our ability to maintain this policy will depend upon, among other things, the availability of cash and applicable requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that there will be cash available to pay distributions or that distributions will not fluctuate. If 
 21 

cash available for distribution is insufficient to pay distributions to our stockholders, we may distribute payment in the form of shares of our common stock or obtain the necessary funds by borrowing, issuing new securities, or selling assets. These methods of obtaining funds could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs. 
 To the extent that distributions to our stockholders are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions would be taxable as ordinary income. To the extent that our distributions exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such amounts will constitute a return of capital to our stockholders for federal income tax purposes, to the extent of their basis in their stock, and any amount in excess of their stock basis would constitute capital gains. 
 If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will not be able to deduct our distributions, and our income will be subject to taxation, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The requirements for qualification as a REIT are complex and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing REITs are limited. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our ability to meet various requirements concerning, among other things, the ownership of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest, the nature of our assets, the sources of our income and the amount of our distributions to our stockholders. If we fail to meet these requirements and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our distributions to our stockholders will not be deductible by us and we will be subject to a corporate level tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax (which, for corporations, was repealed for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act )), on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, substantially reducing our cash available to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, if we failed to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we would no longer be required to make distributions for federal income tax purposes. Incurring corporate income tax liability might cause us to borrow funds, liquidate some of our investments or take other steps that could negatively affect our operating results. Moreover, if our REIT status is terminated because of our failure to meet a REIT qualification requirement or if we voluntarily revoke our election, unless relief provisions applicable to certain REIT qualification failures apply, we would be disqualified from electing treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which REIT status is lost. We may not qualify for relief provisions for REIT qualification failures and even if we can qualify for such relief, we may be required to make penalty payments, which could be significant in amount. 
 The Act is a complex revision to the U.S. federal income tax laws with impacts on different categories of taxpayers and industries, and will require subsequent rulemaking and interpretation in a number of areas. The long-term impact of the Act on the overall economy, government revenues, our tenants, our company, and the real estate industry cannot be reliably predicted at this time. Furthermore, the Act may impact certain of our tenants operating results, financial condition, and future business plans. There can be no assurance that the Act will not impact our operating results, financial condition, and future business operations. 
 The Act signed into law by the President on December 22, 2017, made significant changes to the Code, including changes that impacted REITs and their shareholders, among others. In particular, the Act reduced the maximum corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 . In addition, for tax years beginning before January 1, 2026, the Act permits up to a 20 deduction for individuals, trusts, and estates with respect to their receipt of qualified REIT dividends , which are dividends from a REIT that are not capital gain dividends and are not qualified dividend income. These changes generally result in an effective maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on such dividends of 29.6 , if the deduction is allowed in full. However, by reducing the corporate tax rate, it is possible that the Act will nevertheless reduce the relative attractiveness to investors (as compared with potential alternative investments) of the generally single level of taxation on REIT distributions. Key provisions of the Act that could impact us and the value of our shares include the following: 
 
 temporarily reducing individual U.S. federal income tax rates on ordinary income; the highest individual U.S. federal income tax rate is reduced from 39.6 to 37 (through tax years beginning before January 1, 2026), while eliminating miscellaneous itemized deductions and limiting state and local tax deductions; 

reducing the maximum corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 , which reduces, but does not eliminate, the competitive advantage that REITs enjoy relative to non-REIT corporations; 

permitting (subject to certain limitations) a deduction for certain pass-through business income, including, as noted above, dividends received by our stockholders that are not designated by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, which will allow individuals, trusts, and estates to deduct up to 20 of such amounts, generally resulting in an effective maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 29.6 on such dividends, if the deduction is allowed in full (through tax years beginning before January 1, 2026); 

reducing the highest rate of withholding with respect to our distributions to non-U.S. stockholders that are treated as attributable to gains from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests from 35 to 21 ; 

22 

limiting our deduction for net operating losses to 80 of taxable income (prior to the application of the dividends paid deduction), where taxable income is determined without regarding to the net operating loss deduction itself, and generally eliminating net operating loss carrybacks and allowing unused net operating losses to be carried forward indefinitely; 

amending the limitation on the deduction of net interest expense for all businesses, other than certain electing real estate businesses (which could adversely affect any of our taxable REIT subsidiaries (each, a TRS ), including any new TRS that we may form); 

expanding the ability of businesses to deduct the cost of certain purchases of property in the year in which such property is purchased; and 

eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax. 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 Income from qualified dividends payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, to the extent that the preferential rates continue to apply to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the value of our common stock. 
 The Act provides a deduction to non-corporate taxpayers (e.g., individuals, trusts and estates) of 20 on dividends paid by a REIT that are not classified as capital gains. This provides closer parity between the treatment under the new law of ordinary REIT dividends and qualified dividends. The Act also provides for a maximum individual marginal tax rate on ordinary income, without regard to the effect of this deduction, of 37 . For non-corporate taxpayers, this would reduce the maximum marginal tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends to 33.4 (including the 3.8 Medicare tax that is applied before the 20 deduction). The Act s 20 deduction on dividends paid by a REIT to non-corporate taxpayers and the reduced individual tax rates are scheduled to sunset for tax years beginning after 2025, absent further legislation. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes affecting REITs that could have a negative effect on us. 
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our stockholders or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our stockholders or us. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
 If the Operating Partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status would be terminated. 
 
 We intend to maintain the status of the Operating Partnership as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. However, if the Internal Revenue Service IRS were to successfully challenge the status of the Operating Partnership as a partnership, it would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that the Operating Partnership could make to us. This would also result in our losing REIT status and becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our own income. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on our stockholders investments. In addition, if any of the entities through which the Operating Partnership owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the underlying entity would become subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to the Operating Partnership and jeopardizing our ability to maintain REIT status. 
 If the Operating Partnership is classified as a publicly traded partnership under the Code, our operations and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 We believe that the Operating Partnership will be treated as a partnership, and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership for federal income tax purposes. In this regard, the Code generally classifies publicly traded partnerships (as defined in Section 7704 of the Code) as associations taxable as corporations (rather than as partnerships), unless substantially all of their taxable income consists of specified types of passive income. In order to minimize the risk that the Code would classify the Operating Partnership as a publicly traded partnership for tax purposes, we placed certain restrictions on the transfer and/or repurchase of partnership units in the Operating Partnership. However, if the IRS successfully determines that the Operating Partnership should be 
 23 

taxed as a corporation, the Operating Partnership would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on its net income, its partners would be treated as stockholders of the Operating Partnership and distributions to partners would constitute non-deductible distributions in computing the Operating Partnership s taxable income. In addition, we could fail to qualify as a REIT and the imposition of a corporate tax on the Operating Partnership would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Acquisition and Divestiture Risks 
 We may be unable to acquire properties on advantageous terms or acquisitions may not perform as we expect. 
 The acquisition of properties entails various risks, including risks that our investments may not perform as expected and that our cost estimates for bringing an acquired property up to market standards may prove inaccurate. Further, we face significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from other well-capitalized real estate investors, including publicly-traded REITs and private investors. This competition increases as investments in real estate become attractive relative to other forms of investment. As a result of competition, we may be unable to acquire additional properties and purchase prices may increase. Any of the above risks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the value of our securities. 
 We may not be able to diversify our real property portfolio due to the number and size of our competitors. 
 Competition may adversely affect acquisition of properties and leasing operations. We compete for the purchase of commercial property with a variety of investors, including domestic and foreign entities, other REITs, insurance companies and pension funds, as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real estate, some of which are publicly traded. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources than ours. In addition, our competitors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments. If our competitors prevent us from buying the properties that we have targeted for acquisition, we may not be able to meet our property acquisition goals. We may also incur costs on unsuccessful acquisitions that we will not be able to recover. 
 We have obtained only limited warranties when we purchase properties and have only limited recourse if our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our properties. 
 
 We often purchase properties in their as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements often contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all our invested capital in the property as well as the loss of income from that property. 
 Lack of liquidity of real estate could make it difficult for us to sell properties within our desired time frame. 
 Our business is subject to risks normally associated with investment primarily in real estate. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. We cannot assure you that we will be able to dispose of a property or interests in a property when we want or need to. Consequently, the sale price for any property we have purchased or may purchase in the future may not recoup or exceed the amount of our investment. 
 We may be unable to sell a property if or when we decide to do so, including as a result of uncertain market conditions, which could adversely affect the return on your investment. 
 We expect to hold the various real properties in which we invest until such time as we decide that a sale or other disposition is appropriate given our investment objectives. These sales or divestitures may affect our costs, revenues, profitability, and financial condition. Divestitures have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions, the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. Our ability to dispose of properties or interests in properties on advantageous terms depends on factors beyond our control, including competition from other sellers and the availability of attractive financing for potential buyers of our properties and potential negative impacts of climate change. We cannot predict the various market conditions affecting real estate investments which will exist at any particular time in the future. Due to the uncertainty of market conditions which may affect the future disposition of our properties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell our properties at a profit in the future. Accordingly, the extent to which you will receive cash distributions and realize potential appreciation on our real estate investments will be dependent upon fluctuating market conditions. Furthermore, we may be required to 
 24 

expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 
 Our inability to identify or find funding for acquisitions could prevent us from diversification or growth and could adversely impact the value of an investment in us. 
 We may not be able to identify or obtain financing to acquire additional real properties. We are required to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders each year, and thus our ability to retain internally generated cash is very limited. Accordingly, our ability to acquire properties or to make capital improvements or renovate properties will depend on our available cash flow and our ability to obtain financing from third parties or the sellers of properties. 
 Investing in or owning properties through joint ventures creates a risk of loss to us as a result of the possible inaction or misconduct of a joint venture partner. 
 We may decide to acquire certain properties, or divest interests in existing properties, using a joint venture structure. Joint ventures involve certain risks, including, for example: 
 the risk that our co-venturer or partner in an investment might become unable to provide the required capital; 

the risk that such co-venturer or partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 

the risk that such co-venturer or partner may be in a position to take or request action contrary to our objectives, such as selling a property at a time which we believe to be suboptimal; or 

the risk that we may not have sufficient financial resources to exercise any right of first refusal to purchase our co-venturer or partner s interest. 

Actions by such a co-venturer or partner might have the result of subjecting the applicable property to liabilities in excess of those otherwise contemplated and may have the effect of reducing our cash available for distribution. It also may be difficult for us to sell our interest in any such joint venture or partnership in such property. 
 Risks Related to Our Use of Borrowed Funds 
 We have incurred and plan to incur mortgage and other indebtedness, which could result in material risk to our business if there is a default, including the loss of the real property. 
 Borrowings by us may increase the risks of owning shares of our company. If there is a shortfall between the cash flow generated by our properties and the cash flow needed to service our indebtedness, then the amount available for distributions to our stockholders will be reduced. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of your investment. If any mortgages or other indebtedness contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single loan could affect multiple properties. 
 Additionally, when providing financing, a lender may impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt. Loan documents we enter into may also contain covenants that limit our ability to further leverage a property. Our credit facility with Key Bank contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, with respect to liquidity, minimum occupancy, total indebtedness and minimum net worth. These or other limitations may limit our flexibility and our ability to achieve our operating plans. Our failure to meet such restrictions and covenants may result in an event of default under our line of credit and result in the foreclosure of some or all of our properties. 
 As we incur indebtedness which may be needed for operations, we increase expenses which could result in a decrease in cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Debt service payments decrease cash available for distribution. In the event the fair market value of our properties was to increase, we could incur more debt without a commensurate increase in cash flow to service the debt. 
 Debt financing, the degree of leverage and rising interest rates could reduce our cash flow. 
 
 We use debt to allow us to make more investments than we otherwise could. Our use of leverage presents an additional element of risk in the event that the cash flow from our properties is insufficient to meet both debt payment obligations and the distribution requirements of the REIT provisions of the Code. In addition, rising interest rates have reduced our cash flow and future 
 25 

interest rate increases will reduce our cash flow by increasing the amount of interest due on our floating rate debt and on our fixed rate debt as it matures and is refinanced. 
 Prolonged disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the value of our common stock. 
 Global stock and credit markets experience price volatility, dislocations, and liquidity disruptions, which cause market prices of many stocks to fluctuate, availability of debt to be curtailed and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially impact liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings less attractive, and, in certain cases, result in the unavailability of certain types of financing. Our profitability will be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain cost-effective financing for our investments. A prolonged downturn in the stock or credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. These events in the stock and credit markets may also make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 
 We have incurred and will incur indebtedness secured by our properties, which may subject our properties to foreclosure in the event of a default. 
 Incurring mortgage indebtedness increases the risk of possible loss. Most of our borrowings would be secured by mortgages on our properties. The Company s current total secured indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 was 446.0 million. If we default on our secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the properties securing such loan, which would adversely affect distributions to stockholders. For federal tax purposes, any such foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage and, if the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds the basis of the property to our company, there could be taxable income upon a foreclosure. To the extent lenders require our company to cross-collateralize our properties, or our loan agreements contain cross-default provisions, a default under a single loan agreement could subject multiple properties to foreclosure. In addition, the foreclosure of certain of our properties may trigger additional liabilities for us, such as payments which may be required pursuant to the Tax Protection Agreement. 
 Possible Adverse Consequences of Limits on Ownership and Transfer of our Shares 
 The limitation on ownership of our stock in our charter will prevent you from acquiring more than 9.9 of our common stock and may force you to sell common stock back to us. 
 Our charter limits the beneficial and constructive ownership of our capital stock by any single stockholder to 9.9 of the number of outstanding shares of each class or series of our stock including our common stock. We refer to these limitations as the ownership limits. Our charter also prohibits the beneficial or constructive ownership of our capital stock by any stockholder that would result in (1) our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, (2) five or fewer individuals, including natural persons, private foundations, specified employee benefit plans and trusts, and charitable trusts, owning more than 50 of our capital stock, applying broad attribution rules imposed by the federal tax laws, and (3) our company otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT for federal tax purposes. In addition, any attempted transfer of our capital stock that would result in the Company being beneficially owned by less than 100 persons will be disallowed. 
 Anti-takeover Provisions Related to Us 
 Limitations on share ownership and transfer may deter a sale of our company in which you could profit. 
 The limits on ownership and transfer of our equity securities in our charter may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for your common stock. The ownership limits and restrictions on transferability will continue to apply until our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our ability to issue preferred stock with terms fixed by the Board of Directors may include a preference in distributions superior to our common stock and also may deter or prevent a sale of our company in which a stockholder could otherwise profit. 
 Our ability to issue preferred stock and other securities without your approval also could deter or prevent someone from acquiring our company. Our Board of Directors may establish the preferences and rights, including a preference in distributions superior to our common stockholders, of any issued preferred stock designed to prevent, or with the effect of preventing, someone from acquiring control of our company. 
 26 

Maryland anti-takeover statute restrictions may deter others from seeking to acquire our company in a transaction in which a stockholder could profit. 
 Maryland law contains many provisions, such as the business combination statute and the control share acquisition statute, that are designed to prevent, or have the effect of preventing, someone from acquiring control of our company without approval of our Board of Directors. Our bylaws exempt our company from the control share acquisition statute (which eliminates voting rights for certain levels of shares that could exercise control over us) and our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution opting out of the business combination statute (which prohibits a merger or consolidation of us and a 10 stockholder for a period of time) with respect to affiliates of our company. However, if the bylaw provisions exempting our company from the control share acquisition statute or the board resolution opting out of the business combination statute were repealed by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, these provisions of Maryland Law could delay or prevent offers to acquire our company and increase the difficulty of consummating any such offers. 
 Because of our staggered Board of Directors, opposition candidates would have to be elected in two separate years to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors, which may deter a change of control from which a stockholder could profit. 
 We presently have eight members of our Board of Directors. Each director has or will have a three-year term. Accordingly, in order to change a majority of our Board of Directors, a third party would have to wage a successful proxy contest in two successive years, which is a situation that may deter proxy contests. 
 Certain provisions of our charter make stockholder action more difficult, which could deter changes beneficial to our stockholders. 
 We have certain provisions in our charter and bylaws that require super-majority voting and regulate the opportunity to nominate directors and to bring proposals to a vote by the stockholders. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 27 

ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 The Company s 48 properties as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Property Type 
 
 Square Feet 

Land Acreage 

New York 

103 Fairview Park Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 Industrial 

112,447 

5.6 

412 Fairview Park Drive, Elmsford, NY (1) 
 
 Industrial 

439,956 

10.1 

401 Fieldcrest Drive, Elmsford, NY (1) 
 
 Industrial 

313,632 

7.2 

404 Fieldcrest Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 Industrial 

78,674 

8.7 

199 Ridgewood Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 Industrial 

28,050 

5.4 

203 Ridgewood Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 Industrial 

32,000 

7.0 

36 Midland Avenue, Port Chester, NY 
 
 Industrial 

78,287 

3.6 

100-110 Midland Avenue, Port Chester, NY 
 
 Industrial 

162,534 

7.5 

112 Midland Avenue, Port Chester, NY 
 
 Retail 

3,200 

1.1 

8 Slater Street, Port Chester, NY 
 
 Industrial 

68,812 

2.3 

165-25 147 th Avenue, Jamaica, NY 
 
 Industrial 

151,068 

6.6 

114-15 Guy Brewer Boulevard, Jamaica, NY 
 
 Industrial 

75,800 

4.6 

49-19 Rockaway Beach Boulevard, Far Rockaway, NY 
 
 Industrial 

28,790 

3.0 

23-85 87 th Street, East Elmhurst, NY (1) 
 
 Industrial 

363,500 

7.1 

85-01 24 th Avenue, East Elmhurst, NY 
 
 Industrial 

118,430 

6.4 

612 Wortman Avenue, Brooklyn, NY (1) 
 
 Industrial 

453,435 

10.4 

28-20 Borden Avenue, Long Island City, NY (1) 
 
 Industrial 

83,635 

1.9 

606 Cozine Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 
 
 Industrial 

57,786 

1.3 

201 Neelytown Road, Montgomery, NY 
 
 Industrial 

248,370 

43.7 

New Jersey 

100 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

127,797 

7.0 

200 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

45,898 

6.0 

300 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

84,863 

10.3 

400 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

93,039 

9.2 

500 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

98,169 

11.4 

20 East Halsey Road, Parsippany, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

60,600 

7.8 

1110 Centennial Avenue, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

21,189 

2.8 

11 Constitution Avenue, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

60,516 

5.6 

21 Constitution Avenue, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

288,140 

21.1 

4 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

151,641 

8.4 

8 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

143,115 

8.4 

25 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 Office/Data Center 

49,355 

7.4 

1938 Olney Avenue, Cherry Hill, NJ 
 
 Industrial 

109,771 

7.2 

Connecticut 

466 Bridgeport Avenue, Shelton, CT 
 
 Industrial 

46,649 

4.3 

470 Bridgeport Avenue, Shelton, CT 
 
 Industrial 

152,610 

12.8 

15 Progress Drive/ 30 Commerce Drive, Shelton, CT 
 
 Industrial 

53,570 

10.0 

33 Platt Road, Shelton, CT 
 
 Industrial 

125,794 

21.5 

950 Bridgeport Avenue, Milford, CT 
 
 Industrial 

104,126 

5.2 

12 Cascade Boulevard, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

98,634 

4.8 

15 Executive Boulevard, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

112,093 

5.2 

25 Executive Boulevard, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

27,151 

2.8 

35 Executive Boulevard, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

41,600 

3.8 

22 Marsh Hill Road, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

89,630 

6.4 

269 Lambert Road, Orange, CT 
 
 Industrial 

102,610 

6.3 

110 Old County Circle, Windsor Locks, CT 
 
 Industrial 

226,695 

15.6 

120 Old County Circle, Windsor Locks, CT 
 
 Industrial 

83,200 

7.0 

4 Meadow Street, Norwalk, CT 
 
 Industrial 

50,460 

2.9 

777 Brook Street, Rocky Hill, CT 
 
 Industrial 

92,500 

12.1 

Delaware 

300 McIntire Drive, Newark, DE 
 
 Industrial 

208,656 

12.4 

Total 

5,848,477 

389.2 

(1) The square footage reflects the total leased area of land, building or land and building. 

28 

Our Leases 
 Substantially all of our leases are net or ground leases under which the tenant, in addition to its rental obligation, typically is responsible for expenses attributable to the operation of the property, such as real estate taxes and operating costs. The tenant is also generally responsible for maintaining the property and for restoration following a casualty or partial condemnation. The tenant is typically obligated to indemnify us for claims arising from the property and is responsible for maintaining insurance coverage for the property it leases and naming us an additional insured. The Company typically evaluates a tenant s credit quality by reviewing the tenant s financial information, rating agency reports and credit reports, when available, and other sources of information that can be useful in determining a tenant s credit worthiness and financial condition. The Company monitors the tenants credit worthiness and financial condition throughout the term of their leases by requiring them to provide financial and other information necessary as per the terms of their respective leases, by reviewing rating agency reports and credit reports, when available and reviewing other available sources of information. 
 Our typical lease provides for contractual rent increases periodically throughout the term of the lease or for rent increases pursuant to a formula based on the consumer price index. Our policy has been to acquire properties that are subject to existing long-term leases or to enter into long-term leases with our tenants. Our leases generally provide the tenant with one or more renewal options. 
 The following table sets forth scheduled lease expirations of leases for our properties as of December 31, 2022: 

Year of Lease Expiration(1) 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

Square Foot of Expiring Leases 

2023 Contractual Rental Income Under Expiring Leases 

Percent of 2023 Contractual Rental Income Represented by Expiring Leases 

2023 

6 

524,710 

2,504,521 

5 

2024 

6 

244,584 

2,426,361 

4 

2025 

6 

793,623 

3,294,045 

6 

2026 

10 

488,283 

4,973,775 

9 

2027 

12 

1,099,468 

17,138,627 

31 

2028 

5 

398,260 

3,675,978 

7 

2029 

2 

147,524 

1,900,367 

3 

2030 

3 

399,116 

3,309,163 

6 

2031 

5 

567,171 

5,502,086 

10 

2032 

4 

536,704 

3,077,263 

5 

2033 and after 

3 

503,561 

7,747,392 

14 

62 

5,703,004 

55,549,578 

100 

(1) Lease expirations assume tenants do not exercise existing renewal options. 

Portfolio of Real Estate Investments 
 The following represents information about our portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

Location of Property 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 
 
 Number of Tenants 

Number of Properties 

2023 Contractual Rental Income 

Percent of 2023 Contractual Rental Income 

NYC, NY 
 
 Industrial 

10 

8 

24,349,651 

44 

New York 
 
 Industrial/Retail 

18 

11 

8,402,668 

15 

Connecticut 
 
 Industrial 

16 

15 

9,104,792 

16 

New Jersey 
 
 Industrial/Office 

17 

13 

12,534,842 

23 

Delaware 
 
 Industrial 

1 

1 

1,157,625 

2 

Total 

62 

48 

55,549,578 

100 

Financing, Re-Renting and Disposition of Our Properties 
 We may borrow funds on a secured and unsecured basis and intend to do so in the future. We also mortgage specific properties on a non-recourse basis subject to industry standard carve-outs, to enhance the return on our investment. The proceeds of mortgage loans may be used for property acquisitions, investments in joint ventures or other entities that own real property, to reduce 
 29 

bank debt and for working capital purposes. Net proceeds received from the sale of a property are generally required to be used to repay amounts outstanding under debt secured by the property sold. See Note 4. Mortgage Notes Payable and Note 5. Secured Revolving Credit Facility Term Loan Payable to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 With respect to properties we acquire on a free and clear basis, we usually seek to obtain long-term fixed-rate mortgage financing, when available at acceptable terms, shortly after the acquisition of such property to avoid the risk of movement of interest rates and fluctuating supply and demand in the mortgage markets. We also will acquire a property that is subject to (and will assume) a fixed-rate mortgage. Some of our properties may be financed on a cross-defaulted or cross-collateralized basis. 
 After termination or expiration of any lease relating to any of our properties, we will seek to re-rent or sell such property in a manner that will maximize the return to us, considering, among other factors, the income potential and market value of such property. We acquire properties for long-term investment for income purposes and do not typically engage in the turnover of investments. We will consider the sale of a property if a sale appears advantageous in view of our investment objectives. We may take back a purchase money mortgage as partial payment in lieu of cash in connection with any sale and may consider local customary and prevailing market conditions in negotiating the terms of repayment. If there is a substantial tax gain, we may seek to enter into a tax deferred transaction and reinvest the proceeds in another property. It is our policy to use any cash realized from the sale of properties, net of any distributions to stockholders, to pay down amounts due under our credit facility, if any, and for the acquisition of additional properties. 
 Real Property Used By the Company in Its Business 
 The real property used by us as of December 31, 2022, for the day-to-day conduct of our businesses is as follows (this property is leased): 

Location 
 
 Facility 
 
 Monthly Rent/ Expiration 
 
 Purpose 

Garden City, NY 
 
 Office 
 
 27,755/ 1/31/2032 
 
 Executive Offices 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in lawsuits and other disputes which, from time to time, arise in the ordinary course of business. However, management believes that these matters will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our financial position or results of operations. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFE TY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Common Equity 
 Currently, there is no public market for our common stock, and we do not expect a market to develop in the near future. We have no current plans to list our common stock on any securities exchange or quoted on any market system. 
 Outstanding Common Stock and Holders 
 As of March 14, 2023, we had 13,333,757 shares issued and outstanding, held by approximately 580 stockholders of record (of which less than 500 are non-accredited investors for the purposes of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act). 
 Distributions 
 Our Board of Directors has declared and paid cash dividends on a quarterly basis. On March 14, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.10 per share of common stock, payable with respect to the first quarter ended March 31, 2023, to common stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2023, payable on April 17, 2023. On March 14, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a supplemental cash dividend of 0.33 per share of common stock, payable with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, 2023, payable on April 14, 2023. The following table shows the declaration dates and the amounts distributed per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Record Date 
 
 Dividend Type 
 
 Declaration Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Amount Per Share 

12/31/2022 
 
 Regular 
 
 11/2/2022 
 
 1/13/2023 

0.10 

9/30/2022 
 
 Regular 
 
 8/2/2022 
 
 10/14/2022 

0.10 

6/30/2022 
 
 Regular 
 
 6/9/2022 
 
 7/15/2022 

0.10 

3/31/2022 
 
 Regular 
 
 3/15/2022 
 
 4/18/2022 

0.10 

3/31/2022 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 3/15/2022 
 
 4/15/2022 

0.32 

12/31/2021 
 
 Regular 
 
 11/2/2021 
 
 1/14/2022 

0.10 

9/30/2021 
 
 Regular 
 
 8/3/2021 
 
 10/15/2021 

0.10 

6/30/2021 
 
 Regular 
 
 6/10/2021 
 
 7/16/2021 

0.10 

3/31/2021 
 
 Regular 
 
 3/16/2021 
 
 4/19/2021 

0.10 

3/31/2021 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 3/16/2021 
 
 4/16/2021 

0.20 

We have determined for income tax purposes that the 2022 regular dividends were considered ordinary dividend distributions. The total distributions paid in 2022 were the result of cash flow from operations. 
 
 Although we intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, no assurances can be made as to the amounts of any future payments. The declaration of any future dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, as well as any other factors deemed relevant by the Board. Two principal factors in determining the amounts of distributions are (i) the Code requirement that a REIT distribute to stockholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, and (ii) the amount of available cash. 
 31 

Purchase of Securities: 
 Share Redemption Program 
 Our common stock is currently not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and there is no established public market for shares of our common stock. In order to provide our stockholders with interim liquidity, on November 8, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a share redemption program authorizing redemption of the Company s shares of common stock (the Shares ), subject to certain conditions and limitations. On June 30, 2022, the Board of Directors amended and restated the share redemption program, effective as of August 8, 2022 (the Program ), in order to increase the limit of the amount of redemptions permitted each year from 1 million to 2 million, and starting in 2023, to limit the number of redemptions receiving priority for death or disability to 1 million each year. The following is a summary of terms and provisions of the Program: 
 
 the Company will redeem the Shares on a semi-annual basis (each redemption period ending on May 31 st and November 30 th of each year), at a specified price per share (which price will be equal to 90 of its net asset value per share for the most recently completed calendar year, subject to adjustment) up to a yearly maximum of 2.0 million in Shares, subject to sufficient funds being available. 

the Program will be open to all stockholders (other than current directors, officers and employees, subject to certain exceptions), indefinitely with no specific end date (although the Board may choose to amend, suspend or terminate the Program at any time by providing 30 days advance notice to stockholders). 

stockholders can tender their Shares for redemption at any time during the period in which the Program is open; stockholders can also withdraw tendered Shares at any time prior to 10 days before the end of the applicable semi-annual period. 

if the annual volume limitation is reached in any given semi-annual period or the Company determines to redeem fewer Shares than have been submitted for redemption in any particular semi-annual period due to the insufficiency of funds, the Company will redeem Shares on a pro rata basis in accordance with the policy on priority of redemptions set forth in the Program 

beginning with the redemption period beginning December 1, 2022 and ending May 31, 2023, the number of redemptions receiving priority for death or disability will be limited to 1 million in shares per calendar year such that any stockholders requesting redemption upon death or disability will receive up to 1 million for shares per calendar year, and the remaining 1 million per calendar year will be available to redeem shares for the remainder of the Company s stockholders in the following order of priority: (1) any redemptions that have been carried over from one or more previous semi-annual periods where the redemption amount remaining is less than 2,500; and (2) pro rata as to all other redemption requests (excluding redemptions upon death or disability); provided , however , that if the redemption requests upon death or disability are less than 1 million in shares in a calendar year, then the amount under 1 million would also be available for the remainder of the Company s stockholders in accordance with the order of priority set forth in this sentence. 

the redemption price for the Shares will be paid in cash no later than 3 business days following the last calendar day of the applicable semi-annual period. 

the Program will be terminated if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange or included for quotation in a national securities market, or in the event a secondary market for the Shares develops or if the Company merges with a listed company. 

the Company s transfer agent, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, will act as the redemption agent in connection with the Program. 

Under the Program, the redemption price per Share is equal to 90 of the net asset value NAV per Share as of the end of the most recently completed calendar year. The NAV is approved annually by the Company s Board of Directors. The following table presents the results of the Program: 
 32 

Valuation Date 

Aggregate 

December 31, 
 
 NAV 

Redemption Price 

Shares Redeemed 

Redemption Date 
 
 Consideration 

2016 

13.94 

12.55 

79,681 

November 30, 2017 

999,997 

2017 

14.36 

12.92 

77,399 

May 31, 2018 

999,995 

2018 

15.09 

13.58 

73,637 

May 31, 2019 

999,990 

(1) 
 2019 

15.54 

13.99 

- 

- 

- 

2020 

17.52 

15.77 

63,411 

November 30, 2021 

999,991 

2021 

22.25 

20.03 

49,925 

June 3, 2022 

999,998 

2021 

22.25 

20.03 

49,925 

December 1, 2022 

999,998 

(1) On March 27, 2020, the Company s Board unanimously approved suspending repurchases under the Program effective as of May 1, 2020 in order to preserve financial flexibility in light of uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. On March 16, 2021, the Board unanimously approved lifting the suspension and recommencing the Program, effective as of June 1, 2021. 

On July 6, 2021, the Program was temporarily suspended during the Company s self-tender offer and remained suspended for ten (10) business days following the expiration of the offer. The first redemption date following the recommencement of the Program was November 30, 2021. 
 Since the Program became effective in 2017, the Company received redemption requests during each year exceeding the Program s annual limit (other than in 2020 when the Program was suspended). As a result, the Company was unable to purchase all Shares presented for redemption. The Company honored the requests it received on a pro rata basis in accordance with the policy on priority of redemptions set forth in the Program, subject to giving certain priorities in accordance with the Program. The Company treats any unsatisfied portions of redemption requests as requests for redemption in the next semi-annual period. 
 On March 23, 2023, the Company received its annual valuation as of December 31, 2022. The annual valuation resulted in an adjustment to the redemption price under the Program from 20.03 to 21.05 per share. The Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on March 23, 2023, and mailed to its stockholders an announcement of the redemption price adjustment. The redemption price of 21.05 per share will be effective for the semi-annual period running from December 1, 2022 to May 31, 2023 and until such time as the Board determines a new estimated per share NAV. The Company s stockholders are permitted to withdraw any redemption requests upon written notice to the Company at any time prior to ten (10) days before the end of the applicable semi-annual period. 
 Tender Offers: 
 On February 15, 2019, MacKenzie Badger Acquisition Co. 4, LLC, MPF DeWaay Premier Fund 3, LLC, MPF Northstar Fund, LP, MPF Northstar Fund 2, LP and Mackenzie Capital Management, LP commenced a tender offer to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for cash at a purchase price equal to 7.00 per share. The offer and withdrawal rights expired at 11:59 p.m., Pacific Time, on March 22, 2019. No shares were tendered pursuant to the tender offer. 
 On February 15, 2019, the Company commenced a self-tender offer to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for cash at a purchase price equal to 8.50 per share. The offer and withdrawal rights expired at 12:00 midnight, New York City Time, on April 5, 2019. The Program was temporarily suspended during this offer as required by SEC rules. No repurchases were made under the Program during the offer and for ten (10) business days thereafter. Pursuant to the self-tender offer, 37,910 shares were tendered and the Company purchased these shares for 322,235 on April 9, 2019. The suspension of the Program was terminated on April 22, 2019, and thereafter the Company recommenced purchases under the Program. 
 On February 13, 2020, the Company commenced a self-tender offer to purchase up to 425,531 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for cash at a purchase price equal to 11.75 per share. On March 30, 2020, the Company announced that it had terminated the offer as a result of conditions to the offer not having been satisfied resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of this termination, no shares were purchased in the offer and all shares previously tendered and not withdrawn were promptly returned to tendering holders. 
 On July 6, 2021, the Company commenced a self-tender offer to purchase up to 428,571 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, for cash at a purchase price equal to 14.00 per share, for an aggregate of 5,999,994 of 
 33 

Shares. The offer and withdrawal rights expired at 12:00 midnight, New York City Time, on August 9, 2021. The Program was temporarily suspended during this offer as required by SEC rules. No repurchases were made under the Program during the offer and for ten (10) business days thereafter. Pursuant to the self-tender offer, 377,107 shares were tendered and the Company purchased these shares for 5,279,498 on August 11, 2021. The suspension of the Program was terminated on August 24, 2021, and thereafter the Company recommenced purchases under the Program. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 Not Applicable. 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussions contain forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this report under Forward-Looking Statements and under Risk Factors. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes appearing elsewhere in this filing. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and the risks discussed in our other filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s analysis, judgment, belief or expectation only as of the date hereof. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will materialize. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof, unless otherwise required by law. 
 Executive Summary 
 We are a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT, engaged in the acquisition, ownership, and management of commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 48 properties, which are predominately industrial/warehouse locations leased on a net lease basis. The Company typically evaluates a tenant s credit quality by reviewing its financial information, rating agency reports and credit reports, when available, and other sources of information that can be useful in determining a tenant s creditworthiness and financial condition. 
 On January 17, 2013, we acquired all outstanding ownership interests of a portfolio consisting of 25 commercial properties located in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut in exchange for 33.29 of the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership was increased to 33.78 due to post-closing adjustments. The subsequent redemption of certain shares of GTJ REIT, Inc. common stock and the purchase of a portion of the outstanding limited partnership interest resulted in a net decrease in the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership to 30.91 . As a result of the transaction, the Company's then existing 7 properties, the subsequent acquisition of 18 properties and the sale of 2 properties from 2014 through 2022, the Company beneficially owned a 69.09 interest in a total of 48 properties consisting of approximately 5.8 million square feet of primarily industrial properties on approximately 389 acres of land in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware as of December 31, 2022. 
 We continue to seek opportunities to acquire properties. We will seek to acquire properties within geographic areas that will satisfy our primary investment objectives of providing our stockholders with stable cash flow, preservation of capital and growth of income and principal without taking undue risk. Because a significant factor in the valuation of income-producing property is the potential for future income, we anticipate that the majority of properties that we will acquire will have both the potential for growth in value and provide for cash distributions to stockholders. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A summary of our significant accounting policies is presented in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 hereof. Set forth below is a summary of the accounting policies that management believes are critical to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in this report. Certain of the accounting policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are particularly important for an understanding of the financial position and results of operations 
 34 

presented in the historical consolidated financial statements included in this report and require the application of significant judgment by management and, as a result, are subject to a degree of uncertainty. 
 Revenue Recognition: 
 We recognize our rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the time pattern in which the use benefit is derived from the leased property. Rental revenue related to tenants where the collectability of lease payments is not deemed probable will be recorded on a cash basis and the write-off of the entire tenant receivable, including straight-line rent receivable, is presented as a reduction of revenue rather than as an operating expense on the statement of operations. In those instances in which we fund tenant improvements and the improvements are deemed to be owned by us, revenue recognition will commence when the improvements are substantially completed and possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant. When we determine that the tenant allowances are lease incentives, we commence revenue recognition when possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant for tenant work to begin. The properties are being leased to tenants under operating leases. 
 Property operating expense recoveries from tenants of common area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance, and other recoverable costs are recognized in rental income in the period the related expenses are incurred. Property operating expenses paid directly by tenants to third parties are excluded from rental income. 
 Real Estate: 
 Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. All costs related to the improvement or replacements of real estate properties are capitalized. Additions, renovations and improvements that enhance and/or extend the useful life of a property are also capitalized. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance, repairs and improvements that do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. 
 The Company capitalizes all direct costs of real estate under development until the end of the development period. In addition, the Company capitalizes the indirect cost of insurance and real estate taxes allocable to real estate under development during the development period. The Company also capitalizes interest using the avoided cost method for real estate under development during the development period. The Company will cease the capitalization of these costs when development activities are substantially completed and the property is available for occupancy by tenants, but no later than one year from the completion of major construction activity at which time the property is placed in service and depreciation commences. If the Company suspends substantially all activities related to development of a qualifying asset, the Company will cease capitalization of these costs until activities are resumed. 
 Upon the acquisition of real estate properties, the relative fair value of the real estate purchased is allocated to the acquired tangible assets (generally consisting of land, buildings and building improvements, and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (generally consisting of above-market and below-market leases and the origination value of in-place leases) in accordance with GAAP. We utilize methods similar to those used by independent appraisers in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as-if-vacant. In allocating the purchase price to identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above-market and below-market leases is estimated based on the differences between contractual rentals and the estimated market rents over the applicable lease term discounted back to the date of acquisition utilizing a discount rate adjusted for the credit risk associated with the respective tenants. Fixed-rate renewal options have been included in the calculation of the fair value of acquired leases where applicable. The aggregate value of in-place leases is measured based on the avoided costs associated with lack of revenue over a market-oriented lease-up period, the avoided leasing commissions, and other avoided costs common in similar leasing transactions. 
 Mortgage notes payable assumed in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their fair value using current market interest rates for similar debt at the time of acquisitions. 
 The capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases. The value of in-place leases is based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during expected lease-up periods, current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. The value of in-place leases is amortized over the remaining term of the respective leases. If a tenant vacates its space prior to its contractual expiration date, any unamortized balance of the related intangible assets or liabilities is recorded as income or expense in the period. 
 35 

Real Estate Impairment: 
 Management reviews each real estate investment for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a real estate investment may not be recoverable. The review of recoverability is based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows that are expected to result from the real estate investment s use and eventual disposition. Such cash flow analyses consider assumptions such as expected future market rents, future revenue, market capitalization rates and holding periods, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. If an impairment event exists due to the projected inability to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value. Management is required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of its real estate holdings. These assessments could have a direct impact on net income, because an impairment loss is recognized in the period that the assessment is made. Management has determined that there were no impairment charges relating to its remaining long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Income Taxes: 
 We are organized and conduct our operations to qualify as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we will generally not be subject to Federal income taxation on that portion of our distributable income that qualifies as REIT taxable income, to the extent that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and comply with certain other requirements as defined under the Code. 
 We also participate in certain activities conducted by entities which elected to be treated as taxable subsidiaries under the Code. As such we are subject to federal, state and local taxes on the income from these activities. 
 For our taxable subsidiaries, we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, as required by the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740-10-30. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which we do not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 
 Stock-Based Compensation: 
 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, which establishes accounting for stock-based awards exchanged for employee services. Under the provisions of ASC 718, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and the expense is recognized in earnings at the grant date (for the portion that vests immediately) or ratably over the respective vesting periods. The impact of the forfeiture of stock-based awards is recognized as forfeitures occur. 
 36 

Summary of Operations 
 Results of Operations: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 as compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase/(Decrease) 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

65,534 

62,181 

3,353 

5 

Total revenues 

65,534 

62,181 

3,353 

5 

Operating Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

14,829 

13,658 

1,171 

9 

General and administrative 

12,617 

8,968 

3,649 

41 

Depreciation and amortization 

12,948 

12,995 

(47) 

0 

Total operating expenses 

40,394 

35,621 

4,773 

13 

Operating income before gain on sale of real estate 

25,140 

26,560 

(1,420) 

-5 

Gain on sale of real estate 

14,593 

14,593 

100 

Operating income 

39,733 

26,560 

13,173 

50 

Interest expense 

(19,453) 

(17,125) 

(2,328) 

-14 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

153 

132 

21 

16 

Other income, net 

1,559 

40 

1,519 

3782 

Net income 

21,992 

9,607 

12,385 

129 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

6,567 

3,237 

3,330 

103 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

15,425 

6,370 

9,055 

142 

Revenues 
 Rental income increased approximately 3.3 million, or 5 , to 65.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 62.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily attributable to an increase in the occupancy rate of our properties based upon square footage to 97 in 2022 from 96 in 2021 and increased rental income attributable to higher rental rates in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 4.8 million, or 13 , to 40.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 35.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to 1.2 million of higher property operating expenses and 3.6 million of higher general and administrative expenses. The increase in property operating expenses is primarily attributable to higher real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance expenses and insurance expense in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to higher stock compensation expense, directors' fees and compensation expense in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate 
 Gain on sale of real estate is attributable to the sale of a property located in East New York, New York for 29.4 million on November 9, 2022. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 2.3 million, or 14 , to approximately 19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to a higher interest rate and higher average principal balance of the Company s outstanding term loan and credit facility with Key Bank in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 37 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under existing leases on each of our properties. These revenues include fixed base rents and recoveries of certain property operating expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants. 
 Our primary cash disbursements consist of property operating expenses (which include real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, insurance, and utilities), general and administrative expenses (which include compensation costs, office expenses, professional fees and other administrative expenses), leasing and acquisition costs (which include third-party costs paid to brokers and consultants), and principal payments and interest expense on our mortgage loans. 
 Our sources of liquidity and capital include cash flow from operations, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, refinancing existing mortgage loans, obtaining loans secured by our unencumbered properties, and property sales. 
 On December 2, 2015, the Company (through its Operating Partnership) entered into the Key Bank Credit Agreement with Key Bank for a 50.0 million revolving credit facility with an initial term of two years, with a one-year extension option, subject to certain other customary conditions. The Company, through the extension option and various amendments to the Key Bank Credit Agreement, extended the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to June 30, 2022. 
 On October 22, 2021, the Operating Partnership entered into a First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Key Bank and the other lenders parties thereto. The First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provided for a 60 million senior secured credit facility consisting of (i) a 10 million revolving line of credit facility, with an initial term of three years and two one-year extension options and (ii) a 50 million term loan facility, with an initial term of four years and a one-year extension option, which was funded in a single advance on October 22, 2021. Up to 10 million of the total commitments under the credit facility will be available for the issuance of letters of credit and swing line loans. 
 So long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, the Operating Partnership shall have the right, from time to time, to request an increase in the size of the term loan, request an additional incremental term loan facility, or increase commitments under the revolving line of credit facility, collectively in an aggregate amount that would not cause the Credit Facility to exceed 125 million. 
 On August 5, 2022, the Operating Partnership entered into a First Amendment (the First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Key Bank, as agent and lender, First Financial Bank, as lender, and the Company and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors. The First Amendment amended the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) increase the amount available under the revolving line of credit facility from 10 million to 40 million, (ii) extend the maturity date of the revolving line of credit facility from October 22, 2024 to August 5, 2025, (iii) extend the maturity date of the term loan facility from October 22, 2025 to August 5, 2026, (iv) replace the interest rate option based on LIBOR with interest rate options based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), including term SOFR and daily simple SOFR, and (v) add certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership as guarantors, and mortgages encumbering properties owned by such subsidiaries as collateral. As of August 5, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the revolving line of credit facility were 40 million. 
 In addition, on August 5, 2022, certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership refinanced the AIG Loan on certain properties by entering into new loan agreements (collectively the New AIG Loan Agreements with AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto. The New AIG Loan Agreements provide for secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of 225.0 million. 
 The 2022 AIG Loans and First Amendment transactions resulted in the Operating Partnership increasing its cash position by approximately 22.0 million as of August 5, 2022. 
 Our available liquidity at December 31, 2022 was approximately 59.5 million, consisting of cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 90.0 million outstanding borrowings under the Key Bank credit facility, consisting of borrowings of 50.0 million under its term loan facility with Key Bank and 40.0 million of borrowings under its revolving line of credit facility with Key Bank. 
 We expect to meet substantially all of our operating cash requirements, dividend payments required to maintain our REIT status and an estimated 1.8 million of 2023 principal mortgage debt amortization from cash flows from operations. To the extent that cash flow from operations is not adequate to cover all of our operating needs, we will be required to use our available cash and cash 
 38 

equivalents to satisfy operating requirements. There are no maturities of mortgage principal in 2023. Additionally, in the normal course of our business, we may sell properties or interests in properties when we determine that it is in our best interests, which also generates additional liquidity. As it relates to the maturing debt in 2024 and 2025, we may not have sufficient liquidity on hand to repay such indebtedness, and, therefore, we expect to refinance at least a portion of this indebtedness or select other alternatives based upon market conditions as these loans mature; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing at acceptable terms. 
 Net Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 19.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the 2022 period, cash provided by operating activities included (i) income before depreciation, amortization, gain on sale of real estate, gain on extinguishment of debt, stock compensation, rental income in excess of amounts billed, non-cash lease expense, income from equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate and income from recovery of a portion of property related to casualty loss of 22.8 million, (ii) distributions from unconsolidated affiliate of 0.1 million, (iii) an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 3.4 million primarily due to increased leasing commissions payable and lease incentives payable, partially offset by (iv) an increase in other assets of 4.5 million primarily due to increased deferred leasing costs and lease incentives. 
 For the 2021 period, net cash provided by operating activities of 19.9 million included (i) net income before depreciation, amortization, stock compensation, write-off of a portion of property related to casualty loss, non-cash lease expense, rental income in excess of amounts billed, and income from equity in unconsolidated affiliate of 24.3 million, (ii) distribution from unconsolidated affiliate of 0.1 million, partially offset by (iii) an increase in other assets of 3.1 million primarily due to an increase in deferred leasing costs, lease incentives and rent receivables, (iv) a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 0.1 million and (v) a decrease in other liabilities of 1.3 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 21.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash provided by investing activities resulted from (i) proceeds from the disposition of properties, net of 28.4 million, (ii) proceeds of insurance recovery of a portion of property related to casualty loss of 0.6 million, partially offset by (iii) property improvements of approximately 7.2 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 14.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the 2021 period, cash used in investing activities resulted from (i) the acquisition of one property for 13.0 million, (ii) property improvements of 1.9 million, partially offset by (iii) a return of capital from an unconsolidated affiliate of approximately 0.2 million and (iv) proceeds of insurance recovery of a portion of property related to casualty loss of 0.1 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the 2022 period, cash used in financing activities resulted from (i) settlement of pension withdrawal liability of 0.7 million, (ii) the payment of mortgage principal of 1.3 million, (iii) the repayment of our outstanding mortgage notes payable of 233.1 million associated with the refinancing of debt with American International Group, (iv) the payment of the Company s fourth quarter 2021 dividend, 2021 supplemental dividend and 2022 quarterly dividends totaling 9.6 million, (v) distributions to non-controlling interests of 4.9 million, (vi) purchase of limited partnership interest in operating partnership of 16.8 million, (vii) repurchases of the Company s common stock of 2.0 million, (viii) financing costs for revolving credit facility with Key Bank of 0.5 million and (ix) financing costs for mortgage note payable of 7.9 million relating to the refinancing transaction with American International Group, partially offset by (x) the proceeds of mortgage notes payable of 225.0 million from refinancing with American International Group and (xi) the proceeds of 40.0 million from the Company s revolving line of credit facility with Key Bank. 
 For the 2021 period, cash used in financing activities of 20.5 million resulted from (i) the payment of mortgage principal of 0.8 million, (ii) repurchases of common stock of 6.3 million, (iii) the payment of the Company s secured revolving credit facility with Key Bank of 50.0 million, (iv) the payment of the Company s fourth quarter 2020 dividend, 2020 supplemental dividend and 2021 quarterly dividends totaling 8.2 million, (v) distributions to non-controlling interests of approximately 4.7 million and (vi) 
 39 

loan costs from the Company s revolving credit line facility and term loan with Key Bank of 0.5 million, partially offset by (vii) proceeds from the Company s term loan facility with Key Bank of 50.0 million. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 We consider Funds from Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds from Operations AFFO ), each of which are non-GAAP measures, to be additional measures of an equity REIT s operating performance. We report FFO in addition to our net income and net cash provided by operating activities. Management has adopted the definition suggested by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT and defines FFO to equal net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property, excluding impairment write-downs of depreciated property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. We believe these measurements provide a more complete understanding of our performance when compared year over year and better reflect the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and general and administrative expenses which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 
 Management considers FFO a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it primarily excludes the assumption that the value of our real estate assets diminishes predictably over time and industry analysts have accepted it as a performance measure. FFO is presented to assist investors in analyzing our performance. It is helpful because it excludes various items included in net income that are not indicative of our operating performance, such as gains or losses from sales of property, impairment write-downs and depreciation and amortization. Management believes AFFO to be a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it provides information consistent with the Company s analysis of its operating performance by excluding non-cash income and expense items such as straight-lined rent, amortization of other intangible assets and financing costs, our realized gain from an investment in a limited partnership, write-off of property related to casualty loss and stock compensation expense, which are not indicative of the results of our operating portfolio. 
 However, FFO and AFFO: 
 do not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, which, unlike FFO and AFFO, generally reflects all cash effects of transactions and other events in the determination of net income; 

are non-GAAP financial measures and do not represent net income as defined by U.S. GAAP; and 

should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. 

FFO and AFFO as defined by us may not be comparable to similarly titled items reported by other real estate investment trusts due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders in accordance with GAAP to FFO and AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (All amounts are net of noncontrolling interest). 
 The reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders in accordance with GAAP to FFO and AFFO (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

15,425 

6,370 

Add NAREIT defined adjustments: 

Real estate depreciation 

6,919 

6,436 

Gain on sale of properties 

(10,083) 

- 

Amortization of in-place leases and deferred leasing costs 

2,132 

2,088 

Funds From Operations FFO attributable to common stockholders, as defined by NAREIT: 

14,393 

14,894 

Adjustments to arrive at Adjusted FFO AFFO ): 

Straight-lined rents 

596 

(142) 

Amortization of other intangible assets 

(216) 

(151) 

Amortization of financing costs 

895 

662 

Write-off of a portion of property related to casualty loss, net of insurance recoveries 

(468) 

13 

Gain on settlement of pension withdrawal liability 

(87) 

- 

Stock compensation expense 

1,143 

698 

AFFO attributable to common stockholders, as defined by GTJ REIT, Inc. 

16,256 

15,974 

40 

The Company believes FFO and AFFO to be the most appropriate supplemental disclosure of operating performance for a REIT due to its widespread acceptance and use within the REIT and analyst communities. FFO and AFFO provide a uniform supplemental basis for evaluating the earnings performance of REITs considering the unique capital structure of each REIT. 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 East New York, New York 
 On October 26, 2021, the Company (through its Operating Partnership) acquired for cash a 58,003 square-foot single story warehouse/industrial building in East New York, New York for 13.6 million. 
 On November 9, 2022, the Company (through its Operating Partnership) sold this property located in East New York, New York for 29.4 million. 
 Cash Payments for Financing 
 Payment of interest under our mortgage notes payable will consume a portion of our cash flow, reducing taxable income and consequently, the resulting distributions to be made to our stockholders. 
 Trend in Financial Resources 
 We expect to receive additional rent payments over time due to scheduled increases in rent set forth in the leases on our real properties. It should be noted, however, that the additional rent payments are expected to result in an approximately equal obligation to make additional distributions to stockholders, and will therefore, not result in a material increase in working capital. 
 Environmental Matters 
 As of December 31, 2022, three of the Company s six former bus depot sites received final regulatory closure, satisfying outstanding clean-up obligations related to legacy site contamination issues. Three sites continue with on-going cleanup, monitoring and reporting activities. The Company has determined that there is no accrued liability needed for these on-going activities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Divestiture 
 On February 16, 2012, we received a notice from the Joint Industry Board of the Electrical Industry claiming a pension withdrawal liability in the amount of 1.5 million in connection with the divestiture of Shelter Electric Maintenance Corp. The Company determined the liability was probable, and the Company agreed to pay the obligation in monthly installments of approximately 8,100 over a twenty-year term. In September 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement whereby the remaining liability for this obligation of approximately 811,000 was paid with a settlement payment of approximately 684,000. As a result, the Company recorded a gain on settlement of pension withdrawal liability of approximately 127,000 and is included in other income on the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This liability was included in other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 Inflation 
 Inflation has recently increased substantially in the United States. In response, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates throughout 2022 and into early 2023 and has indicated that it foresees further interest rate increases in 2023 and 2024. Higher interest rates imposed by the Federal Reserve to address inflation may increase our interest expense on our variable rate borrowings. In addition, increased inflation could have a negative impact on the Company s property operating expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than the Company s rents. Our properties have tenants whose leases include expense reimbursements and other provisions to minimize the effect of inflation. However, rising costs could adversely affect our tenants businesses, and there is no guarantee our tenants would be able to absorb these expense increases and continue to pay us their portion of property operating expenses and rent. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies, the primary market risk which we are exposed to is interest rate risk. On August 5, 2022, the Operating Partnership entered into a First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 
 41 

dated October 22, 2021, with Key Bank and the other lenders parties thereto which provides for a 90 million senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility ), consisting of (i) a 40 million revolving line of credit facility and (ii) a 50 million term loan facility. Loans drawn down by the Operating Partnership under the Credit Facility must specify, at the Operating Partnership s option, whether they are base rate loans, daily simple SOFR rate loans or term SOFR loans. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (1) daily simple SOFR plus 0.1 (but in no case shall the rate be less than zero), (2) term SOFR plus 0.1 (but in no case shall the rate be less than zero) Adjusted Term SOFR ), or (3) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (a) the fluctuating annual rate of interest announced from time to time by Key Bank as its prime rate, , (b) 0.50 above the federal funds effective rate, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month tenor plus 1.0 and (d) 1.0 , and in each case of clauses (1), (2) and (3), plus an applicable margin, depending upon the overall leverage of the properties and whether the loan is under the Revolver or Term Loan facilities. As of December 31, 2022, interest expense on the outstanding borrowings of our Credit Facility with Key Bank would increase by as much as 900,000 annually if SOFR increased by 100 basis points. 

42 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm : : PCAOB ID # 
 
 44 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 50 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule III-Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 91 

43 

REPORT OF IN DEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 GTJ REIT, Inc. 
 Garden City, New York 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GTJ REIT, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of impairment of real estate held for investment 
 The Company s net real estate held for investment was approximately 414.4 million as of December 31, 2022. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews each real estate investment for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a real estate investment may not be recoverable. The review of recoverability is based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows that are expected to result from the real estate investment s use and eventual disposition. 
 We identified the assessment of real estate investments for impairment as a critical audit matter. Significant management judgment is required in the evaluation of potential impairment indicators and the assessment of assumptions used to estimate the expected undiscounted future cash flows of the real estate investments tested for recoverability, including market rental rates and market capitalization rates. Auditing management s judgments related to the assessment of real estate investments for evidence of impairment involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills or knowledge needed. 
 44 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Evaluating management s assessment of potential impairment indicators on all properties, including negative trends in occupancy and negative trends in property operating results. 

Evaluating management s assumptions, including market rental rates and market capitalization rates, used in performing a recoverability analysis related to a real estate property for which a triggering event was identified. 

Utilizing professionals with specialized knowledge and experience in valuation to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of certain market-based assumptions, including market rental rates and market capitalization rates, utilized by management in the recoverability test. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 45 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Real estate, at cost: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Total real estate, at cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Net real estate held for investment 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Rental income in excess of amount billed 

Acquired lease intangible assets, net 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Right-of-use asset - operating lease, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Mortgage notes payable, net 

Term loan payable, net 

Secured revolving credit facility 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Dividends payable 

Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 

Right-of-use liability - operating lease 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Equity: 

Series A, Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Series B, Preferred stock, par value; non-voting; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Distributions in excess of net income 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Rental income 

Total revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income before gain on sale of real estate 

Gain on sale of real estate 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

Other income, net 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

Net income per common share attributable to common stockholders - basic earnings per share 

Net income per common share attributable to common stockholders - diluted earnings per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 

Additional- 

Distributions 

Total 

Preferred 

Outstanding 

Par 

Paid-In- 

in Excess of 

Stockholders 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

Stock 

Shares 

Value 

Capital 

Net Income 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

Common stock dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Net income 

Reallocation of equity 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Common stock dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases LP interests 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Net income 

Reallocation of equity 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

Gain on settlement of pension withdrawal liability 

() 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets and deferred charges 

Stock-based compensation 

(Income) from insurance recovery or write-off of a portion of property related to casualty loss, net 

() 

Non-cash lease expense 

Rental income in excess of amount billed 

() 

Income from equity investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated affiliate 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Expenditures for improvements to real estate 

() 

() 

Cash paid for property acquisition 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of property, net 

Return on capital from unconsolidated affiliate 

Proceeds of recovery of a portion of property related to casualty loss 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from mortgage notes payable 

Financing costs from mortgage notes payable 

() 

Payment of mortgage notes payable 

() 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility 

Loan costs from revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

Loan costs from term loan payable 

() 

Proceeds from term loan payable 

Payment of mortgage principal 

() 

() 

Payment of revolving credit facility 

() 

Purchase of limited partnership interest 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Extinguishment of pension withdrawal liability 

() 

Cash distributions to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash of and , respectively, at the beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash of and , respectively, at the end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash expenditures for real estate 

Right-of-use asset and liability 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

GTJ REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOT ES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 commercial properties (the Acquired Properties located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, in exchange for of the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership exchanged for the Acquired Properties was increased to due to post-closing adjustments. The subsequent redemption of certain shares of GTJ REIT common stock and the purchase of a portion of the outstanding limited partnership interest resulted in a net decrease to the outstanding limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership to . As a result of this transaction, the Company s then existing properties and the subsequent acquisition of properties and the sale of properties from 2014 through 2022, the Company owned a interest in a total of properties consisting of approximately million square feet of primarily industrial properties on approximately acres of land in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, subject to certain anti-dilutive and other provisions contained in the governing agreements, the limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership may be converted in the aggregate, into approximately million shares of the Company s common stock and approximately million shares of the Company s Series B preferred stock. During 2020, the Company agreed upon certain rent relief requests, most often in the form of rent deferral requests, as a result of COVID-19. Not all tenant requests resulted in amended agreements, nor did the Company forego its contractual rights under its lease agreements. These rent relief requests from the Company s tenants did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The rent relief requests resulted in the total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same or less than the total payments required by the original contract. Therefore, the Company has elected to account for lease concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic consistent with how those concessions would be accounted for under lease accounting pronouncements as though enforceable rights and obligations for the concessions existed, regardless of whether those enforceable rights and obligations for the concessions explicitly exist in the contract. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic did not impact the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

 None of the prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. 
 
 real estate under development as of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. Upon the acquisition of real estate properties, the relative fair value of the real estate purchased is allocated to the acquired tangible assets (generally consisting of land, buildings and building improvements, and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (generally consisting of above-market and below-market leases and the origination value of in-place leases) in accordance with GAAP. We utilize methods similar to those used by independent appraisers in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as-if-vacant. In allocating the purchase price to identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above-market and below-market leases is estimated based on the differences between contractual rentals and the estimated market rents over the applicable lease term discounted back to the date of acquisition utilizing a discount rate adjusted for the credit risk associated with the respective tenants. The aggregate value of in-place leases is measured based on the avoided costs associated with lack of revenue over a market-oriented lease-up period, the avoided leasing commissions, and other avoided costs common in similar leasing transactions. Mortgage notes payable assumed in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their fair value using current market interest rates for similar debt at the time of acquisitions. The capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases. The value of in-place leases is based on the Company s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during expected lease-up periods, current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. The values of in-place leases are amortized over the remaining term of the respective leases and are included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. If a tenant vacates its space prior to its contractual expiration date, any unamortized balance of the related intangible assets or liabilities is recorded as income or expense in the period. The total net impact to rental revenues due to the amortization of above-market and below-market leases was a net increase in rental revenue of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million and million (net of accumulated amortization) relating to above-market and in-place leases, respectively, are included in acquired lease intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, approximately million and million (net of accumulated amortization) relating to above-market and in-place leases, respectively, are included in acquired lease intangible assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, million and million (net of accumulated amortization), respectively, relating to below-market leases is included in acquired lease intangible liabilities, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

million and million, respectively. Total revenues and expenses of the Company s investment in unconsolidated affiliate for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. The total assets and liabilities of the Company s investment in unconsolidated affiliate as of December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. Total revenues and expenses of the Company s investment in unconsolidated affiliate for the year ended December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 to . Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated over estimated useful lives that range from to . Tenant improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining non-cancellable term of the related leases or their useful lives. 
 
 impairment relating to its long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 reportable segment, commercial real estate. 
 million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 through October 31, 2021. The Company is a party to an office lease, effective October 1, 2021, having a term of , with future lease obligations aggregating to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (see Note 9). The Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and corresponding right-of-use liability at the present value of the remaining future minimum lease payments, based upon an incremental borrowing rate of , of million , as of October 1, 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total right-of-use liability - operating lease 

Variable lease costs 

Total lease costs 

falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment, and the Company evaluates its hierarchy disclosures each quarter. The three-tier fair value hierarchy is as follows: Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. Level 2 Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting management s own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment. 
 of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and complies with certain other requirements as defined in the Code. The Company also participates in certain activities conducted by entities which elected to be treated as taxable subsidiaries under the Code. As such, the Company is subject to federal, state, and local taxes on the income from these activities. The Company accounts for income taxes of the taxable subsidiaries under the asset and liability method as required by the provisions of ASC 740-10-30. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are established based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. ASC 740-10-65 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740-10-65, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740-10-65 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had determined that liabilities are required in connection with unrecognized tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax returns for the prior three years are subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service. Any interest and penalties would be expensed as incurred. 
 . Management believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk due to the credit worthiness of the financial institutions. Rental income of million, derived from leases with the City of New York, represented of the Company s total rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Rental income of million, derived from leases with the City of New York, represented of the Company s total rental income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Rental income of million, derived from leases with Federal Express, represented of the Company s total rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Rental income of million, derived from leases with Federal Express, represented of the Company s total rental income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 ASC 718, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is expensed at the grant date (for the portion that vests immediately) or ratably over the respective vesting periods. The impact of the forfeiture of awards is recognized as forfeitures occur. 

Property acquisitions 

Property disposition 

() 

Improvements 

Adjustment for assets written off 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Property disposition 

() 

Depreciation and amortization for year 

Adjustment for assets written off 

() 

Balance at end of year 

East New York, New York On October 26, 2021, the Company (through its Operating Partnership) acquired for cash a vacant square-foot single story warehouse/industrial building in East New York, New York for million, exclusive of closing costs. On November 9, 2022, the Company sold this property for million, exclusive of closing costs, resulting in a net gain of approximately million. Purchase Price Allocations: The purchase price of the above acquisition was allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated relative fair values at the date of acquisition. There were property acquisitions in 2022. 

Building and Improvements 

Total Consideration 

Casualty Loss: The Company incurred a weather-related casualty loss of approximately related to one of its properties during 2021. The loss was insured and the Company has recorded insurance reimbursements of approximately and related to this loss in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The casualty loss and related insurance reimbursements are included in other income, net, on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

American International Group 

Allstate Life Insurance Company 

United States Life Insurance Company 

United States Life Insurance Company 

Transamerica Life Insurance Company 

Transamerica Life Insurance Company 

American International Group 2022 

Subtotal 

Unamortized loan costs 

() 

() 

Total 

Amortization of deferred mortgage loan costs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. People s United Bank Loan Agreement: In connection with the acquisition in 2014 of an square foot parking lot in Long Island City, Queens, NY, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership entered into a mortgage loan agreement with People s United Bank in the aggregate amount of million. The loan has a term and bears interest at . -year amortization schedule, with a balloon payment of million due at maturity . American International Group Loan Agreement: On February 20, 2015, the Operating Partnership refinanced the outstanding debt on certain properties and placed new financing on others by entering into loan agreements (collectively, the AIG Loan Agreements with American General Life Insurance Company, the Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, the United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York, American Home Assurance Company and Commerce and Industry Insurance Company. The AIG Loan Agreements provided a secured loan in the principal amount of million (the AIG Loan ). The AIG Loan was a -year term loan that required interest only payments at the rate of per annum. The Operating Partnership s obligation to pay the interest, principal and other amounts under the Loan Agreement were evidenced by the secured promissory notes executed on February 20, 2015 (the AIG Notes ). The AIG Notes were secured by certain mortgages encumbering properties in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. The outstanding indebtedness and fees were repaid on in connection with the American International Group 2022 Loan Agreement (defined below) which terminated the Company s loan obligations under the AIG Loan Agreements. Allstate Life Insurance Company Loan Agreement: On March 13, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of properties in Piscataway, NJ, the Operating Partnership closed on a million cross-collateralized mortgage (the Allstate Loan from Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York and American Heritage Life Insurance Company. The Allstate Loan Agreement provides a secured facility with a -year term loan. During the first three years of the term of the loan, it required interest only payments at the rate of per annum. Following this period until the loan matures on , payments will be based on a -year amortization schedule with a balloon payment of million due at maturity. United States Life Insurance Company Loan Agreement: On December 20, 2017 (the Closing Date ), wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership (collectively, the U.S. Life Borrowers entered in a loan agreement (the U.S. Life Loan Agreement with the United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (the Lender ). The U.S. Life Loan Agreement provides for a secured loan facility in the principal amount of million (the Loan Facility ). The Loan Facility is a -year term loan that requires interest only payments at the rate of per annum. , the loan maturity date. Subject to certain conditions, the U.S. Life Borrowers may prepay the outstanding loan amount in whole on or after January 1, 2023, by providing advance notice of the prepayment to the Lender and remitting a prepayment premium equal to the greater of of the then outstanding principal amount of the Loan Facility or the then present value of the U.S. Life Note (as defined below). The U.S. Life Borrowers paid the Lender a one-time application fee of in connection with the Loan Facility. The U.S. Life Borrowers obligation to pay the principal, interest and other amounts under the Loan Facility are evidenced by the secured promissory note executed by the U.S. Life Borrowers as of the Closing Date (the U.S. Life Note ). The U.S. Life Note is secured by certain mortgages encumbering the U.S. Life Borrowers properties (a total of properties) located in New York, New Jersey and Delaware. per annum, (ii) a per annum rate equal to over the prime established rate, or (iii) a per annum rate equal to over the original interest rate, all subject to the applicable state or federal laws. The U.S. Life Note contains other terms and provisions that are customary for instruments of this nature. United States Life Insurance Company Loan Agreement: On March 21, 2018, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership refinanced the current outstanding debt on certain properties by entering into a loan agreement with the United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York. The loan agreement provides for a secured loan facility in the principal amount of million. The loan facility is a term loan that requires interest only payments at the rate of per annum on Transamerica Life Insurance Company Loan Agreement: On March 24, 2020, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership entered into a loan agreement with Transamerica Life Insurance Company. The loan agreement provides for a cross-defaulted, cross-collateralized portfolio of commercial mortgage loans in the aggregate principal amount of million. The loan is evidenced by secured promissory notes. Each note is made by one of the borrowers and the combined principal amounts of the notes are equal to the amount of the loan. The term of each note is and requires (i) interest-only payments at the rate of per annum on the . Subject to the terms of the loan agreement, each note may be prepaid in whole upon not less than 30 days prior written notice to the lender. Subject to certain exceptions, upon prepayment, the borrowers must remit a prepayment premium equal to the greater of (i) of the prepayment amount and (ii) a yield protection amount calculated in accordance with the terms of the notes. per annum over the note rate and (ii) the highest rate of interest permitted to The notes contain other terms and provisions that are customary for instruments of this nature. American International Group 2022 Loan Agreement: On August 5, 2022, certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership (collectively, the Borrowers refinanced the AIG Loan by entering into new loan agreements (collectively the American International Group 2022 Loan Agreement with AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders, American General Life Insurance Company, the Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company and the United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York in a transaction that was accounted for as a loan modification. In connection with the modification, the Company incurred loan related costs of approximately million, inclusive of a prepayment fee of million under the prior AIG Loan Agreements. The American International Group 2022 Loan Agreement provides for secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of million (collectively, the 2022 AIG Loans ), consisting of a loan secured by certain properties in New York in the principal amount of million and a loan secured by certain properties in Connecticut and New Jersey in the principal amount of million. The 2022 AIG Loans require the Borrowers to make at the rate of per annum with the entire principal balance plus any accrued and unpaid interest due and payable on . The 2022 AIG Loans are secured by certain mortgages encumbering properties in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. In connection with the loan agreements, the Company is required to comply with certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. Principal Repayments: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million revolving , with a extension option, subject to certain other customary conditions. Through the exercise of additional extension options, the Operating Partnership extended the maturity date of the secured revolving credit facility through June 30, 2022. On October 22, 2021, the Operating Partnership entered into a First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Key Bank and the other lenders parties thereto (collectively, the Lenders ). million senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility ), consisting of (i) a million revolving line of credit facility, with an initial term of three years and two extension options, subject to certain other customary conditions (the Revolver and (ii) a million term loan facility, with an initial term of and a extension option and subject to certain other customary conditions, which was funded in a single advance on October 22, 2021 (the Term Loan ). Up to million of the total commitments under the Credit Facility will be available for the issuance of letters of credit and swing line loans. Loan costs paid in connection with the Credit Facility were million. So long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, the Operating Partnership shall have the right, from time to time, to request an increase in the size of the Term Loan, request an additional incremental term loan facility, or increase commitments under the Revolver, collectively in an aggregate amount that would not cause the Credit Facility to exceed million (the Accordion ). Accordion commitments can be committed at closing or any time thereafter and the Accordion commitments will be syndicated on a best-efforts basis. Prior to the First Amendment (defined below), loans drawn down by the Operating Partnership under the Credit Facility were required to specify, at the Operating Partnership s option, whether they were base rate loans or LIBOR rate loans. above the federal funds effective rate, or (c) then applicable LIBOR for an interest period of one (1) month plus per annum; provided that in no event would the Base Rate be less than zero, and in each case of clauses (1) and (2), plus an applicable margin, depending upon the overall leverage of the properties and whether the loan was under the Revolver or Term Loan facilities. Base Rate loans and LIBOR rate loans could be converted to loans of the other type, subject to certain conversion conditions. Each Revolver loan will be evidenced by a separate promissory note. The Operating Partnership agreed to pay to the Lenders an unused fee under the Revolver in the amount calculated as for usage less than 50 and for usage 50 or greater, calculated as a per diem rate, multiplied by the excess of the total commitment over the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the total Revolver commitment at the time of the calculation. The Operating Partnership has the right to reduce the amount of loan commitments under the Revolver or terminate the Revolver in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Due to the revolving nature of the Revolver, amounts prepaid under the Revolver may be borrowed again, provided availability under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement permits. Amounts repaid under the Term Loan may not be re-borrowed. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contemplates (i) mandatory prepayments by the Operating Partnership of any borrowings under the Credit Facility in excess of the total allowable commitment, among other events, and (ii) optional prepayments, at any time without any fees or penalty, in whole or in part, subject to payments of any amounts due associated with the prepayment of LIBOR rate contracts. The Operating Partnership s obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by (i) perfected first priority lien and security interest to be held by Key Bank for the benefit of the Lenders in certain of the property, rights and interests of the Operating Partnership, the guarantors and their subsidiaries now existing and as may be acquired, and (ii) any new real estate or any interest therein or to refinance indebtedness secured thereby, financed by the Credit Facility, in whole or in part, which shall be subject to approval by Key Bank in its reasonable discretion, which will serve as additional collateral for the Credit Facility. Any subsidiaries that are not prohibited from being guarantors shall be guarantors. The parties to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also entered into several side agreements, including, the Joinder Agreements, the Assignment of Interests, the Acknowledgments, the Mortgages, the Guaranty, and other agreements and instruments to facilitate the transactions contemplated under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Such agreements contain terms and provisions that are customary for instruments of this nature. The Operating Partnership s continuing ability to borrow under the Credit Facility will be subject to its ongoing compliance with various affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, with respect to maximum consolidated leverage ratio, minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, minimum liquidity, minimum consolidated tangible net worth, minimum debt yield, maximum distributions, minimum occupancy, permitted investments and restrictions on indebtedness. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains events of default and remedies customary for loan transactions of this sort including, among others, those related to a default in the payment of principal or interest, an inaccuracy of a representation or warranty, and a default with regard to performance of certain covenants. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement includes customary representations and warranties of the Operating Partnership, which must continue to be true and correct in all material respects as a condition to future draws. In addition, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default (in certain cases subject to customary cure), in the event of which, amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility may be accelerated. The contemplated uses of proceeds under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement include the (i) payment of closing costs in connection with the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, (ii) repayment of indebtedness, (iii) acquisitions, development and capital improvements, (iv) general corporate and working capital purposes, and (v) purchase contract deposits and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, stock repurchases. On August 5, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Operating Partnership entered into a First Amendment (the First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Key Bank, as agent and lender, First Financial Bank, as lender, and the Company and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors. The First Amendment amended the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) increase the amount available under the Revolver from million to million, (ii) extend the maturity date of the Revolver from to , (iii) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan from to , (iv) replace the interest rate option based on LIBOR with interest rate options based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), including term SOFR and daily simple SOFR, and (v) add certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership as guarantors, and mortgages encumbering properties owned by such subsidiaries as collateral. In connection with the First Amendment, the Company incurred loan related costs of million, which are included as a component of other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As amended by the First Amendment, million Credit Facility, consisting of (i) a million Revolver, with an initial term of three years from the Closing Date and two extension options, subject to certain other customary conditions and (ii) a million Term Loan, with an initial term of from the Closing Date and a extension option and subject to certain other customary conditions, which was funded in a single advance on October 22, 2021. In connection with the release of certain encumbered properties as collateral upon disposition, the net disposition proceeds must be used to pay down the Credit Facility and any amounts applied to reduce the outstanding amount of the Revolver will result in a pro rata reduction in the amount available under the Revolver (subject to certain conditions). As amended by the First Amendment, loans drawn down by the Operating Partnership under the Credit Facility must specify, at the Operating Partnership s option, whether they are base rate loans, daily simple SOFR rate loans or term SOFR rate loans. (but in no case shall the rate be less than zero), (2) term SOFR plus (but in no case shall the rate be less than zero) Adjusted Term SOFR ), or (3) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of (a) the fluctuating annual rate of interest announced from time to time by Key Bank as its prime rate, (b) above the federal funds effective rate, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month tenor plus and (d) , and in each case of clauses (1), (2) and (3), plus an applicable margin, depending upon the overall leverage of the properties and whether the loan is under the Revolver or Term Loan facilities. Base rate loans and SOFR rate loans may be converted to loans of the other type, subject to certain conversion conditions. Outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan were million as of December 31, 2022, and are a SOFR rate borrowing. Outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan were million as of December 31, 2021, and were a LIBOR rate borrowing. The interest rate on the Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 was . Unamortized loan costs for the Term Loan were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in term loan payable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Outstanding borrowings under the Revolver with Key Bank were million as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate on the Revolver as of December 31, 2022 was . There were outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2021. Unamortized loan costs for the Revolver were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of loan costs with Key Bank were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Amortization of loan costs is included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership was in compliance with all covenants required in connection with the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 

 shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Voting and other rights and preferences may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (the Board of Directors or Board of the Company. The Company has designated shares of preferred stock as Series A preferred stock, par value per share. In addition, the Company has designated shares of preferred stock as Series B preferred stock, par value per share. There was Series A preferred stock or Series B preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Common Stock: The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had a total of and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. On December 1, 2022, the Company purchased shares of common stock pursuant to its share redemption program at a purchase price of per share for a total consideration of approximately million. On June 3, 2022, the Company purchased shares of common stock pursuant to its share redemption program at a purchase price of per share for a total consideration of approximately million. On December 3, 2021, the Company purchased shares of common stock pursuant to its share redemption program at a purchase price of per share for a total consideration of approximately million. On August 11, 2021, the Company purchased shares of common stock pursuant to its self-tender offer at a purchase price of per share for a total consideration of approximately million. Dividend Distributions: 

(1) 

(2) 

(1) Represents a supplemental 2020 dividend. 

 (2) Represents a supplemental 2021 dividend. 

In order to qualify as a REIT, the Company must distribute at least of its taxable income and must distribute of its taxable income in order not to be subject to corporate federal income taxes on retained income. The Company anticipates it will distribute all of its taxable income to its stockholders. Because taxable income differs from cash flow from operations due to non-cash revenues or expenses (such as depreciation) and timing differences for the recognition of income and the deduction of expenses, in certain circumstances, the Company may generate operating cash flow in excess of its distributions or, alternatively, may be required to borrow to make sufficient distribution payments. Noncontrolling Interest: On November 16, 2022, the Operating Partnership, pursuant to a certain Order dated October 6, 2022 of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York, purchased Class B limited partner units of the Operating Partnership for cash consideration of from VWU888 LLC. Stock-Based Compensation: On June 11, 2007, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2007 Incentive Award Plan (the 2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan covered directors, officers, key employees and consultants of the Company. The purposes of the 2007 Plan was to further the growth, development, and financial success of the Company and to obtain and retain the services of the individuals considered essential to the long-term success of the Company. The 2007 Plan provided for awards in the form of restricted shares, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may have been awarded under the 2007 Plan was shares. The 2007 Plan expired by its terms on . The 2017 Incentive Award Plan (the 2017 Plan was adopted by the Board and became effective on , subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders which was obtained on June 8, 2017. The 2017 Plan has intended purposes to further the growth, development, and financial success of the Company and to obtain and retain the services of those individuals considered essential to the long-term success of the Company. The 2017 Plan provides for awards in the form of stock, stock units, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded under the 2017 Plan is shares. On July 25, 2020, the Board approved an amendment to the 2017 Plan to permit the transfer of awards that have been exercised, or the shares of common stock underlying such awards which have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such shares of common stock have lapsed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the 2017 Plan. Dividends paid on restricted shares are recorded as dividends on shares of the Company s common stock whether or not they are vested. In accordance with ASC 718-10-35, the Company measures the compensation costs for these shares as of the date of the grant and the expense is recognized in earnings, at the grant date (for the portion that vest immediately) and then ratably over the respective vesting periods. 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

(1) 

years 
 (2) 

(1) 

years 
 (2) 

(1) 

years 
 (2) 

(1) 

years 
 (2) 

(3) 

(1) 

Shares Issued Under the 2017 Plan 

Grant 
 
 Total 

Value 

Approximate 

Date 
 
 Shares Issued 

Per Share 

Value of Shares 

Vesting Period 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 

Years 
 (2) 

(1) 
 
 (1) Shares issued to non-management members of the Board of Directors. 

 (2) Shares issued to certain executives of the Company. 

 (3) Shares issued to current and former executives of the Company in connection with the exercise of previously issued options 

On June 9, 2011, the Company granted stock options to a non-employee director under the 2007 Plan which vested immediately. The options were not exercised and expired in 2021. On November 8, 2016, non-qualified stock options were granted to key officers of the Company under the 2007 Plan and had a vesting period. For this grant, the exercise price was per share and was equal to the value per share based upon a valuation of the shares conducted by an independent third party for the purpose of valuing shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of these stock options was based upon the Black-Scholes option pricing model, calculated at the grant date. On July 1, 2022, non-qualified stock options were granted to key officers of the Company and had a vesting period. For this grant, the exercise price was per share and was equal to the value per share based upon a valuation of the shares conducted by an independent third party for the purpose of valuing shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of these stock options was based upon the Black-Scholes option pricing model, calculated at the grant date. The input assumptions used in this model were the Company's share value of described above at December 31, 2021, the expected life years), risk-free rate ), volatility and dividend yield ). All options expire from the date of grant. For the year ended December 31, 2022 there was million of stock compensation expense relating to these options. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there was stock compensation expense relating to these stock options as the 2016 options have fully vested. The Board of Directors has determined the value of a share of common stock at December 31, 2022 to be based on a valuation completed with the assistance of an independent third party for purposes of valuing shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2017 Plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s total stock-based compensation in the statement of equity was approximately and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of unamortized stock compensation related to restricted stock. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. At December 31, 2022, stock options were outstanding, of which were vested and were non-vested, and shares of restricted stock were outstanding, of which were vested. 

New shares issued through December 31, 2022 

Vested 
 
 () 

Non-vested shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total Non-vested Shares 

common share equivalents in both 2022 and 2021, respectively, presented in diluted earnings per share. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Basic and Diluted Per Share Information: 

Net income per share basic 

Net income per share diluted 

of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of . In November 2018, the tenant concluded negotiations to expand the premises by an additional square feet which resulted in approximately of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of . In February 2020, the tenant exercised its option to renew its lease for the premises resulting in approximately of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of approximately . In July 2020, the firm introduced a new tenant to the property, resulting in the execution of a lease agreement and the firm earning a brokerage commission of approximately on the aggregate contractual rents of approximately . In October 2021, as a result of a prior introduction to a property, the Company purchased the property resulting in approximately in brokerage commissions. In October 2022, the firm acted as the exclusive broker for another one of the Company's properties. The tenant signed an extension agreement which resulted in approximately of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of . Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker each hold interests in a real estate brokerage firm, Green Holland Management LLC GHM ). Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker each own fifty percent of the interests in GHM. In October 2022, the Company sold a property to a buyer that was introduced to the property by a broker working for GHM. GHM received a brokerage commission of . In January 2023, the Company purchased a property and was introduced to the property by a broker working for GHM, resulting in of brokerage commissions. The Company s former executive and administrative offices, located at 60 Hempstead Avenue, West Hempstead, New York, were being leased from Lighthouse Sixty, L.P., a partnership of which Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker are managing members of the general partner. The lease agreement expired in . The Company continued to occupy the premises on a month-to-month basis at a monthly operating lease cost of approximately through October 31, 2021. In December 2020, The Rochlin Organization represented the Company in the negotiation of a lease with a third-party for its offices resulting in the payment of of brokerage commissions. The Company moved its offices to this new location in October, 2021. 

 million in connection with the divestiture of Shelter Electric. The Company determined the liability was probable and the Company agreed to pay the obligation in monthly installments of approximately over a term. In September 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement whereby the remaining liability for this obligation of approximately was paid with a settlement payment of approximately . As a result, the Company recorded a gain on settlement of pension withdrawal liability of approximately and is included in other income on the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This liability was included in other liabilities on the company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Environmental Matters: As of December 31, 2022, of the Company s former bus depot sites have received final regulatory closure, satisfying outstanding clean-up obligations related to legacy site contamination issues. sites continue with on-going cleanup, monitoring and reporting activities. The Company has determined that there is liability needed for these on-going activities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Real Property Used By the Company in Its Business On December 11, 2020, the Company signed a lease, with option to extend the lease , as tenant with Steel Garden LLC, as landlord, for the premises located at 1399 Franklin Avenue, Suite 100, Garden City, New York. The lease commencement date was (see Note 2). The monthly minimum rent for the first year of the lease term is with annual rental increases, and the Company is entitled to of free minimum rent. 

Restricted cash 

Rent and other receivables 

Financial liabilities: 

Dividends payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Secured revolving credit facility 

Term loan payable 

Mortgage notes payable 

Pension withdrawal liability 

66 

of service and are at least years of age. Contributions to this plan and charged to benefit costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately and , respectively. In November 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the implementation of a profit-sharing contribution component to its existing 401(k) plan. Contributions to this component of the plan and charged to benefits costs were approximately for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 of its taxable income to its stockholders and complies with certain other requirements. It is management s intention to adhere to these requirements and maintain the Company s REIT status. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any applicable minimum tax and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years). Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. Income from qualified dividends payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, to the extent that the preferential rates continue to apply to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the value of our common stock. Reconciliation between GAAP Net Income and Federal Taxable Income: 

GAAP net (income) of taxable subsidiaries 

() 

() 

GAAP net income from REIT operations 

Operating expense book deductions greater than tax 

Book depreciation in excess of tax depreciation 

GAAP amortization of intangibles in excess of tax amortization 

Straightline rent adjustments 

() 

Mortgage refinance costs tax deductions greater than book 

() 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

Casualty gain not taxable 

() 

(Income) allocable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Estimated taxable income 

We have determined for income tax purposes that the 2022 and 2021 regular dividends were considered ordinary dividend distributions. The total distributions paid in both 2022 and 2021 were the result of cash flows from operations. Taxable REIT Subsidiaries: The Company is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes on the income from its Taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS activities, which include all the discontinued operations of Shelter Express, Inc. and subsidiaries. There were provisions for (benefit from) income taxes from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The TRS entities have approximately million of net operating loss carry-forwards at December 31, 2022, of which million expires in and the remainder begins to expire in . The Company has recorded a full valuation allowable against the deferred income tax assets as it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. The Company has determined that any changes in the value of the deferred income tax assets would have no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements inasmuch as it would be offset by a full valuation allowance. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The lease agreements generally contain provisions for the reimbursement of real estate taxes and operating expenses, as well as fixed increases in rent. 

 square-foot parcel of land and land improvements located in Charlotte, North Carolina for million which is subject to a lease expiring on . 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). As required by Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management, under the direction of our Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls may vary over time. 
 Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d -15(f) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the 
 68 

Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that require the Company to include only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 69 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following table sets forth the names and ages of our directors and executive officers and the positions they held with us as of March 14, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Paul Cooper 

62 

Chairman of the Board, CEO and Class II Director 

Louis Sheinker 

61 

President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Class II Director 

Stuart Blau 

67 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Douglas Cooper 

76 

Class I Director 

John Leahy 

80 

Class III Director 

Stanley Perla 

79 

Class II Director 

Donald Schaeffer 

72 

Class III Director 

David Jang 

62 

Class I Director 

Brandon Konigsberg 

52 

Class III Director 

The principal occupation and business experience of each of the directors and executive officers are as follows: 
 Paul Cooper has been Chief Executive Officer of the Company since June 2012 and Chairman of the Board of Directors Board since January 1, 2014. Mr. Cooper has been a director of the Company since June 2006 and previously served as Executive Vice President. Prior to joining the Company, for more than 12 years, Mr. Cooper was a principal of Lighthouse Real Estate Ventures and its affiliates (collectively Lighthouse ). Lighthouse owned, managed, and leased its own portfolio of more than 2 million square feet of commercial buildings in the Greater New York metropolitan area. Mr. Cooper brings his extensive experience in the commercial real estate industry to the Board. Mr. Cooper holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Pennsylvania and a Juris Doctor degree from Fordham University. Paul Cooper is the cousin of Douglas Cooper. 
 Louis Sheinker has been President and Chief Operating Officer and a director of the Company since January 2013. Mr. Sheinker brings over 35 years of real estate experience to the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sheinker was a co-founding partner in Lighthouse Real Estate Ventures. He has participated in restructuring and repositioning of over 4 million square feet of office space and industrial properties. Prior to founding Lighthouse, he was the President of Sheinker Wasserstein Realty Services, Inc., which performed management and asset management services on behalf of financial institutions throughout the New York Metropolitan Area. Mr. Sheinker brings his extensive experience in the commercial real estate industry to the Board. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ithaca College, and is currently a licensed Real Estate Broker in New York State. Effective as of January 15, 2015, Mr. Sheinker was appointed Secretary of the Company. 
 Stuart Blau has been Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company since November 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Blau served as Managing Partner at Kimmel Blau Goldman LLP, a diversified certified public accounting firm, since 1983. He has also served as Partner at Berlin Blau, attorneys at law, since 1985. Mr. Blau is a Certified Public Accountant and admitted to practice law in the State of New York. Mr. Blau received a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo and a Juris Doctor degree from St. John s University School of Law. 
 Douglas Cooper has been a director since June 2006. Mr. Cooper has been practicing law for over 40 years and is now of counsel to the firm of Ruskin Moscou Faltischek, P.C. Mr. Cooper brings his legal expertise to his long service to the Board. Mr. Cooper graduated from Hamilton College, and received his Juris Doctor degree from Fordham Law School. Mr. Cooper also earned a Master s degree in Corporate Law from NYU Law School. Douglas Cooper is the cousin of Paul Cooper. Mr. Cooper resigned as the Company s Treasurer and Secretary effective as of January 15, 2015. Mr. Cooper is deemed an independent director. 
 John Leahy has been a director of the Company since June 2006. Mr. Leahy is presently President of JJL Consulting. From 1998 to 2006, Mr. Leahy was Managing Director of Citibank Private Bank operations in Long Island, NY. Prior to that, Mr. Leahy was a Senior Vice President of Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. Mr. Leahy brings his expertise as a private and commercial banker to the Board. Mr. Leahy holds a Bachelor s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Dayton, and a Master s degree in Business Management from Long Island University. Mr. Leahy is deemed an independent director. 
 Stanley Perla has been a director of the Company since January, 2013. Mr. Perla was a partner with Ernst Young LLP, a public accounting firm, from September 1978 to June 2003, and Managing Partner of Cornerstone Accounting Group LLP, from June 2008 to May 2011. He served as Ernst Young s National Director of Real Estate Accounting, as well as on Ernst Young s National Accounting and Auditing Committee. He is an active member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts 
 70 

and the National Association of Real Estate Companies. He is currently chair and/or a member of the American Finance Trust and the Hospitality Investors Trust audit committees. He has also served as a director and/or member of the audit committees of Madison Harbor Balanced Strategies, Inc., American Realty Capital Daily Net Asset Value Fund, American Capital Global Trust II, American Real Estate Income Fund American Mortgage Acceptance Company and Lexington Realty Trust, and Vice President/Director of Internal Audit for Vornado Realty Trust (July 2003 to May 2008). Mr. Perla brings his accounting experience within our industry as well as his real estate and financial industry experience to the Board. He graduated from Baruch College, where he obtained his BBA in accounting in 1965, and his MBA in taxation in 1970. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of New Jersey and New York. Mr. Perla is deemed an independent director. 
 Donald Schaeffer has been a director of the Company since June 2006. Mr. Schaeffer has extensive accounting and legal experience in real estate and tax. In 1982, he joined the accounting firm, Kandel Schaeffer, in which he eventually became an officer and owner. Through successor accounting firms, he became co-owner and President of Schaeffer Sam, P.C., which he has practiced with for the past eighteen years. Mr. Schaeffer brings his legal and accounting experience to the Board. He graduated from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, in 1972 and Columbia University School of Law in 1975. He is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York. Mr. Schaeffer is deemed an independent director. 
 David Jang has been a director of the Company since October 2018. Mr. Jang, a graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, has served as the Managing Partner/CEO at Deep Blue Investment Advisors, an institutional investment advisory firm, since August 2018. Previously, Mr. Jang served as a Partner of Client Advisory Services Business Development at Water Walker Investments from August 2015 to August 2018. From August 2012 to August 2015, he served as Senior Vice President of Client Advisory Services at Davidson Fixed Income Management. Between May 2009 and August 2012, he was the Senior Managing Consultant of The PFM Group. Previously, Mr. Jang was the Vice President of Fixed Income Institutional Sales for Multi-Bank Securities, Inc. Mr. Jang also served as a director for the Company from June 2006 to December 2010 and has served various other treasury functions at large, multi-national institutions and is a Certified Treasury Professional. Mr. Jang is deemed an independent director. 
 Brandon Konigsberg has been a director of the Company since October 2019. Mr. Konigsberg previously served in various roles at JP Morgan Chase Co., a global financial services firm, from September 1996 to December 2020, including Managing Director, Human Resources, Treasury and Chief Investment Officer, and J.P. Morgan Securities (formerly Bear Stearns Private Client Services). Mr. Konigsberg has been a business and functional CFO and has held senior management roles in the Treasury function. Prior to joining JP Morgan Chase Co., Mr. Konigsberg was an auditor at Goldstein, Golub and Kessler, PC. He brings to the Board his broad experience driving financial and operational strategy, management and discipline. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from University of Albany and a Master s degree in Business Administration from New York University Stern School of Business. Mr. Konigsberg is deemed an independent director. 
 Except as noted above and elsewhere in this filing, there are no family relationships between any of the Company s executive officers or directors and there are no arrangements or understandings between a director and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as director. 
 No director or officer of the Company has, during the last 10 years, been subject to or involved in any legal proceedings described under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, been convicted of any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or minor offenses), or been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to, United States federal or state securities laws or finding any violations with respect to such laws. 
 Board Membership, Meetings and Attendance 
 The Board oversees the business affairs of our Company and monitors the performance of management. Each director holds office for the term for which he is elected or until his successor is duly elected and qualified, his resignation, or he is removed in the manner provided by our Bylaws. All of our officers devote their full-time attention to our business. 
 Our Board currently consists of eight directors: Paul Cooper, Louis Sheinker, Douglas Cooper, John Leahy, Stanley Perla, Donald Schaeffer, David Jang and Brandon Konigsberg. Directors are elected at each annual meeting of stockholders. We have a staggered Board. Class I directors, which are Messrs. D. Cooper and Jang, have a term expiring at the annual stockholders meeting in 2025 or until their successors are elected and qualified. Class II directors, which are Messrs. P. Cooper, Sheinker and Perla, have a term expiring at the annual meeting in 2023 or until their successors are elected and qualified. Class III directors, Messrs. Konigsberg, Leahy and Schaeffer, have a term expiring at the annual stockholders meeting in 2024 or until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors reelected at such time shall be reelected to three-year terms. Officers are appointed by the Board and serve at the pleasure of the Board, subject to any contract rights. 
 71 

Our Board held eight meetings during 2022. Each director attended at least 75 of the aggregate number of all Board meetings held during the period for which he was a director and committee meetings held during the period for which he was a committee member. 
 We encourage all members of the Board to attend annual meetings of stockholders, but there is no formal policy as to their attendance. At the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, all members of the Board as of the date of the annual meeting attended the meeting. Our directors regularly meet in executive session without management present. Generally, the meetings follow after each quarterly meeting of the Board. 
 The membership and responsibilities of our committees are summarized below. Additional information regarding the responsibilities of each committee is found in, and is governed by, our Bylaws, each committee s charter, specific directions of the Board, and certain mandated regulatory requirements. A copy of the charters of the Audit and Compensation Committees, as well as the Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are available to any person without charge upon written request to our corporate address to the attention of the Secretary. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Audit Committee 
 We have an Audit Committee comprised of four members, Messrs. Perla, Leahy, Schaeffer and Konigsberg, all of whom are independent directors under NASDAQ stock market standards. Mr. Perla is designated as Chairman; he also serves as the Audit Committee financial expert as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its general oversight of our financial reporting, internal controls and audit functions. The Audit Committee has adopted a charter, which details the principal functions of the Audit Committee. In general, the Audit Committee selects and appoints the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the Audit Committee s responsibilities include overseeing: 
 the corporate accounting and reporting practices of the Company, 

the integrity of the Company s financial statements, 

the Company s independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, 

the performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the Company s internal audit function, 

the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and 

all other duties as the Board may from time to time designate. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee held four meetings. 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 We have a Compensation Committee comprised of three members: Messrs. Leahy, Schaeffer and Jang. All members of the committee are deemed independent directors under NASDAQ stock market standards. Mr. Schaeffer is designated as Chairman. The Compensation Committee establishes compensation policies and programs for our directors, executive officers and other senior employees. The Compensation Committee and the Board use data, showing current and historic elements of compensation, when reviewing executive and director compensation. The Committee is empowered to review all components of executive officer and director compensation for consistency with the overall policies and philosophies of the Company relating to compensation issues. The Committee may from time to time delegate, to the extent permitted by applicable law, duties and responsibilities to subcommittees or an executive officer. The Committee may retain and receive advice, in its sole discretion, from compensation consultants. None of the members of our Compensation Committee is one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has adopted a charter, which details the principal functions of the Compensation Committee. 
 Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee is authorized to retain and terminate, without Board or management approval, the services of an independent compensation consultant to provide advice and assistance. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to approve the consultant s fees and other retention terms, and reviews the independence of the consultant and any other services that the consultant or the consultant s firm may provide to the Company. The Chairman of the Compensation Committee reviews, negotiates and executes an engagement letter with the compensation consultants. The compensation consultant must directly report to the Compensation Committee. 
 72 

In January 2016, the Compensation Committee, following an independence and conflict of interest review, engaged Gressle McGinley LLC G M as its independent compensation consultant to assist the Committee in its work on negotiating and finalizing new employment agreements for the Company s executive officers (CEO and President/COO), and to serve as the Committee s independent advisors on various 2015 related compensation matters, including, among others, annual performance reviews, market pay levels, grants under the Company s equity compensation plans, etc. Prior to this engagement, G M was employed as compensation consultants by the Company s CEO and President/COO with respect to the review of the CEO, President/COO and CFO executive 2014 and 2015 market compensation, with the compensation paid for such services not exceeding 16,000 and 45,000, respectively. The total paid to G M for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was approximately 57,000 and 32,000, respectively. 
 At the annual stockholders meeting held in June 2017, the stockholders approved the 2017 Equity Compensation Plan under which awards to directors and officers would be made going forward, including the equity compensation awarded to the independent directors. 
 On May 20, 2021, the Compensation Committee held a meeting at which G M gave an updated report regarding Board and committee compensation. Based upon this presentation, the Compensation Committee approved eliminating meeting fees and increasing the Board compensation to a cash retainer of 60,000, effective July 1, 2021, and an increase in equity compensation from 35,000 per year to 40,000, effective immediately. In addition, Audit Committee members receive an annual cash fee of 7,500, with the Audit Committee Chairman receiving an additional annual cash fee of 7,500, and Compensation Committee members receive an annual cash fee of 5,000, with the Compensation Committee Chairman receiving an additional annual cash fee of 5,000. At a Board meeting held on June 10, 2021, the Board determined to further increase the cash retainer to 65,000 and the equity compensation to 45,000. The Board then approved the revisions to the compensation of the independent directors. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee held one meeting. On May 25, 2022 the Compensation Committee held a meeting at which G M gave an updated report regarding Board and committee compensation. The Compensation Committee decided to keep compensation for the directors unchanged. 
 As part of its ongoing services to the Compensation Committee, the compensation consultant will support the Compensation Committee in executing its duties and responsibilities with respect to the Company s compensation programs by providing information regarding market trends and competitive compensation programs and strategies, including, among other things, preparing market data for executive positions, assessing management recommendations for changes in the compensation structure, working with management to ensure that the Company s executive compensation programs are designed and administered consistent with the Committee s requirements, and providing ad hoc support to the Committee, including discussing executive compensation and related corporate governance trends. The Company s Board, executive management and personnel use the data provided by the consultant to prepare documents for use by the Compensation Committee in preparing their recommendations to the full Board. 
 Our Board does not have a stand-alone Nominating Committee. Instead, the full Board carries out duties of a nominating committee. The Board has not adopted written guidelines regarding nominees for director. 
 Corporate Governance Matters; Risk Oversight and Management 
 When considering whether directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Company s business and structure, the Board focuses primarily on each person s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual biographies set forth above. Our directors possess relevant and industry-specific experience and knowledge relevant to the size and nature of our business, which we believe enhances the Board s ability to oversee, evaluate and direct our overall corporate strategy. The Board annually reviews and makes recommendations regarding the composition and size of the Board so that the Board consists of members with the proper expertise, skills, attributes, and personal and professional backgrounds needed by the Board, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 Our Board believes that all of its members should possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values, and be committed to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders. In considering a director nominee, the Board will consider criteria including the nominee s current or recent experience as a senior executive officer, whether the nominee is independent, as that term is defined under the independence requirements applicable to the Company, the business, scientific or engineering experience currently desired on the Board, geography, the nominee s industry experience, and the nominee s general ability to enhance the overall composition of the Board. The Board does not have a formal policy on diversity; however, in recommending directors, the Board considers the specific background and experience of the Board members and other personal attributes in an effort to provide a diverse mix of capabilities, contributions, and viewpoints to facilitate the Board s discharge of its responsibilities. 
 73 

The Board has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director, and believes that these are matters that should be discussed and determined by the Board from time to time. Currently, Paul Cooper serves as our Chairman and our Chief Executive Officer. We believe he is well suited to manage the responsibility of implementing our corporate strategy and leading discussions, at the Board level, regarding performance relative to our corporate strategy, which accounts for a significant portion of the time devoted at our Board meetings. We believe this arrangement serves the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 The Board believes that risk management is an important component of the Company s corporate strategy. While we assess specific risks at our committee levels, the Board, as a whole, oversees our risk management process and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we face in the course of our business. 
 In particular, the Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. The Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and has oversight of the performance of our internal audit function. Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines, including whether they are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct. 
 Each committee meets regularly with management to assist it in identifying all of the risks within such committee s areas of responsibility and in monitoring and, where necessary, taking appropriate action to mitigate the applicable risks. At each Board meeting, the committee chairman provides a report to the full board of directors on issues related to such committee s risk oversight duties. To the extent that any risks reported to the full Board need to be discussed outside the presence of management, the Board will call an executive session to discuss these issues. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Our Board has adopted an Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of the Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 74 

ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth the compensation of each named executive officer of the Company and/or their subsidiaries for the two years ended December 31, 2022 named executive officers ): 

Name and Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards ) (4) 

Option Awards ) (4) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Paul Cooper, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

750,000 

1,100,000 

649,988 

584,600 

111,897 
 
 (1)(2)(3) 

3,196,485 

2021 

650,000 

850,000 

649,990 

102,989 
 
 (1)(2)(3) 

2,252,979 

Louis Sheinker, President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 2022 

750,000 

1,100,000 

649,988 

584,600 

124,966 
 
 (1)(2)(3) 

3,209,554 

2021 

600,000 

850,000 

649,990 

108,640 
 
 (1)(2)(3) 

2,208,630 

Stuart Blau, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 2022 

350,000 

275,000 

249,998 

41,527 
 
 (1)(2) 

916,525 

2021 

300,000 

225,000 

174,990 

45,991 
 
 (1)(2) 

745,981 

(1) Includes 401(K) contributions. 

(2) Includes life insurance premiums, health care reimbursement and medical insurance premiums. 

(3) Includes auto allowance. 

(4) These columns represent the grant date fair value of the awards as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 718 (Stock Compensation). We reflect the total grant date fair values of the restricted stock and option grants in the year of grant. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards and Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End: 
 Options granted to our named executive officers in 2016 were non-qualified stock options. The exercise price per share of each option granted to our named executive officers was determined by our Board on the date of the grant. All of the stock options granted to our named executive officers in 2016 were granted under our 2007 Plan. 200,000 options were granted to the named executive officers in 2016. 
 Options granted to our named executive officers in 2022 were non-qualified stock options. The exercise price per share of each option granted to our named executive officers was determined by our Board on the date of the grant. All of the stock options granted to our named executive officers in 2022 were granted under our 2017 Plan. 400,000 options were granted to the named executive officers in 2022. 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding grants of plan-based awards to our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 All Other Stock Awards, Number of Shares of Stock of Units (#) 

Grant Date Fair Value of Equity Awards ) 

Paul Cooper, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 6/9/2022 

35,812 

649,988 

Louis Sheinker, Chief Operating Officer, President and Secretary 
 
 6/9/2022 

35,812 

649,988 

Stuart Blau, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 6/9/2022 

13,774 

249,998 

75 

Outstanding Equity Awards 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to restricted stock awards held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Grant Year 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )(1) 

Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) 

Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Paul Cooper 

2022 

24,505 

444,758 

2021 

26,321 

313,223 

2020 

10,226 

129,873 

2019 

6,651 

77,146 

2018 

2,981 

34,730 

2017 

1,377 

15,970 

Louis Sheinker 

2022 

24,505 

444,758 

2021 

26,321 

313,223 

2020 

10,226 

129,873 

2019 

6,651 

77,146 

2018 

2,981 

34,730 

2017 

1,377 

15,970 

Stuart Blau 

2022 

10,209 

185,300 

2021 

7,573 

90,121 

2020 

3,522 

44,732 

2019 

1,054 

12,226 

(1) The restricted stock and option awards will be accounted for at their fair value at the grant date which will also be the service inception date and will be amortized over the period of service. 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to outstanding stock option awards granted to our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable(1) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 

Option Exercise Price(2) 

Option Expiration Date(3) 

Paul Cooper, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

100,000 

10.40 

November 2026 

Louis Sheinker, Chief Operating Officer, President and Secretary 

100,000 

10.40 

November 2026 

Paul Cooper, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

200,000 

18.15 

July 2032 

Louis Sheinker, Chief Operating Officer, President and Secretary 

200,000 

18.15 

July 2032 

(1) The options vest on July 2, 2025. 

(2) Fair market value of shares on the date of grant. 

(3) 10 years from the date of grant. 

76 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested: 
 Options issued in 2008 pursuant to the 2007 Incentive Award Plan and the related Stock Option Agreement were exercised by Paul Cooper and 50,000 shares were purchased on May 31, 2017. No options were exercised by our named executive officers in 2022. 
 Pension Benefits: 
 We do not currently maintain qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans. 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation: 
 We do not currently maintain non-qualified defined contribution plans or other deferred compensation plans. 
 Employee Agreements and Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control: 
 Except as set forth below, there are no employment agreements or agreements providing for potential payments upon termination or a change in control at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Paul Cooper Employment Agreement 
 On November 2, 2021, the Board following review and recommendation of the Board s Compensation Committee, approved the Company s execution of the second amended and restated employment agreement by and between the Company and Paul Cooper (the CEO Employment Agreement ), which agreement was executed by the parties on November 3, 2021. The CEO Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of five years, from January 1, 2022 through and including December 31, 2026, and two successive automatic one-year renewal terms, unless either party gives written notice to the other party of its desire to terminate the agreement. It also provides for the payment of an annual base salary to Mr. Cooper at the rate of 750,000, subject to annual increases at the discretion of the Company. Additionally, Mr. Cooper may earn a cash bonus of 750,000 per year (the Cooper Cash Bonus and an equity bonus payable in shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at 500,000 per year (the Cooper Equity Bonus ), upon the achievement of certain benchmarks set forth in an annual budget approved by the Board, which amounts are subject to adjustments in the Board s review and discretion, as set forth in the agreement; such equity bonus vesting at a rate equal to 10 on the date of grant and 10 on each of the next nine anniversaries of the date of grant while Mr. Cooper is employed by the Company. The Company also agreed to grant Mr. Cooper a stock option under the Company s 2017 Incentive Award Plan, as amended, or a successor plan (the Equity Plan ), to acquire 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock as defined in the Equity Plan and which will vest in its entirety on the 3 rd anniversary of the grant date in accordance with the terms of a stock option agreement (the Option Agreement ). The stock option will be granted as soon as practicable after the Company receives its annual valuation in 2022 for the purpose of valuing shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Plan. Mr. Cooper will also be entitled to receive, for each fiscal year of his employment period with the Company, long term equity incentive awards in the form of restricted stock under the Equity Plan when the Company attains the Adjusted Funds From Operations targets (as described in the Company s Long-Term Equity Plan (the LTEP )) and as further adjusted in accordance with the procedures set forth in Appendix 1 to the LTEP. In addition, the CEO Employment Agreement provides that the Company will provide Mr. Cooper with certain usual and customary benefits commensurate with his position including without limitation, medical insurance, 7 million term life insurance, disability insurance, and participation in the Company s 401(k) plan. The CEO Employment Agreement also contains the following termination terms and provisions: 
 	In the event that (i) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company without good reason or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Cooper s employment for cause, the Company s obligations under the agreement will be reduced to paying his unpaid salary and reimbursable expenses owing to him prior to such termination (the Accrued Obligations ), and 
 	In the event that (i) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company for good reason, or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Cooper during his employment term without cause, (iii) Mr. Cooper terminates his employment with the Company during the 90-day period following a change of control of the Company, or (iv) the Company elects not to renew the CEO Employment Agreement after the expiration of the initial or renewal term, then in each case, the Company s termination obligations will include the payment of the Accrued Obligations, severance payments (the amount of which depends on the circumstances of his departure), accelerated vesting of unvested equity bonus and COBRA payments equal to the lesser of the remainder of the term or the maximum period of COBRA continuation coverage applicable to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 The severance payments referenced above will be calculated as follows: (a) if Mr. Cooper terminates his employment for good reason or if the Company terminates Mr. Cooper during his employment without cause, the Company will pay him (x) three years of his then current salary, plus a lump sum in an amount equal to three (3) times the greatest amount of the Cooper Cash Bonus 
 77 

and Cooper Equity Bonus that Mr. Cooper earned in any one year during the shorter of (y) the three-year period prior to notice of termination or any period during the CEO Employment Agreement. 
 Further, if Mr. Cooper s employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iv) above at the end of his initial employment term (the Cooper Initial Term and provided the Company achieves the applicable bonus criteria (the Bonus Criteria ), on an aggregate basis for each specified criterion during the Cooper Initial Term, as of the end of the 2026 fiscal year, then his severance payment would be equal to 1x his then base salary, plus 1x his Cooper Cash Bonus and Cooper Equity Bonus (assuming achievement of the Bonus Criteria at target), in addition to the Cooper Cash Bonus and Cooper Equity Bonus payments previously described as owed for the 2026 fiscal year; provided further, that if the Company fails to achieve the Bonus Criteria, on an aggregate basis for each specified criteria during the Cooper Initial Term, as of the end of the 2026 fiscal year, then no payments in this paragraph shall be payable to Mr. Cooper. 
 To the extent his employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iv) above at the end of his renewal employment term, then his severance payment would be equal to his then base salary he would have earned during the renewal term and the Cooper Cash Bonus and Cooper Equity Bonus (assuming achievement of the Bonus Criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remainder of such renewal term, in addition to the Cooper Cash Bonus and Cooper Equity Bonus payments previously described as owed for the fiscal year. The CEO Employment Agreement also contains certain confidentiality, non-solicitation/non-competition and other provisions customary for agreements of this nature. 
 
 Louis Sheinker Employment Agreement 
 On November 2, 2021, the Board also, following review and recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved the Company s execution of the amended and restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Louis Sheinker (the President Employment Agreement ), which agreement was executed by the parties on November 3, 2021. The President Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of five years, from January 1, 2022 through and including December 31, 2026, and two successive automatic one year renewal terms, unless either party gives written notice to the other party of its desire to terminate the agreement. It also provides for the payment of an annual base salary to Mr. Sheinker at the rate of 750,000, subject to annual increases at the discretion of the Company. Additionally, Mr. Sheinker may earn a cash bonus of 750,000 per year (the Sheinker Cash Bonus and an equity bonus payable in shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at 500,000 per year (the Sheinker Equity Bonus ), upon the achievement of certain benchmarks set forth in an annual budget approved by the Board, which amounts are subject to adjustments in the Board s review and discretion, as set forth in the agreement; such equity bonus vesting at a rate equal to 10 on the date of grant and 10 on each of the next nine anniversaries of the date of grant while Mr. Sheinker is employed by the Company. The Company also agreed to grant Mr. Sheinker a stock option under the Company s Equity Plan, to acquire 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock as defined in the Equity Plan and which will vest in its entirety on the 3 rd anniversary of the grant date in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement. The stock option will be granted as soon as practicable after the Company receives its annual valuation in 2022 for the purpose of valuing shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Plan. Mr. Sheinker will also be entitled to receive, for each fiscal year of his employment period with the Company, long term equity incentive awards in the form of restricted stock under the Equity Plan when the Company attains the AFFO targets (as described in the LTEP) and as further adjusted in accordance with the procedures set forth in Appendix 1 to the LTEP. In addition, the President Employment Agreement provides that the Company will provide Mr. Sheinker with certain usual and customary benefits commensurate with his position including without limitation, medical insurance, 7 million term life insurance, disability insurance, and participation in the Company s 401(k) plan. The President Employment Agreement also contains the following termination terms and provisions: 
 In the event that (i) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company without good reason or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Sheinker s employment for cause, the Company s obligations under the agreement will be reduced to paying the Accrued Obligations, and 

In the event that (i) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company for good reason, or (ii) the Company terminates Mr. Sheinker during his employment term without cause, (iii) Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment with the Company during the 90-day period following a change of control of the Company, or (iv) the Company elects not to renew the President Employment Agreement after the expiration of the initial or renewal term, then in each case, the Company s termination obligations will include the payment of the Accrued Obligations, severance payments (the amount of which depends on the circumstances of his departure), accelerated vesting of unvested equity bonus and COBRA payments equal to the lesser of the remainder of the term or the maximum period of COBRA continuation coverage applicable to the Chief Operating Officer. 

The severance payments referenced above will be calculated as follows: (a) if Mr. Sheinker terminates his employment for good reason or if the Company terminates Mr. Sheinker during his employment without cause, the Company will pay him (x) three years of his then current salary, plus a lump sum in an amount equal to three (3) times the greatest amount of the Sheinker Cash Bonus 
 78 

and Sheinker Equity Bonus that Mr. Sheinker earned in any one year during the shorter of (y) the three-year period prior to notice of termination or any period during the President Employment Agreement. 
 Further, if Mr. Sheinker s employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iv) above at the end of his initial employment term (the Sheinker Initial Term and provided the Company achieves the applicable Bonus Criteria, on an aggregate basis for each specified criterion during the Sheinker Initial Term, as of the end of the 2026 fiscal year, then his severance payment would be equal to 1x his then base salary, plus 1x his Sheinker Cash Bonus and Sheinker Equity Bonus (assuming achievement of the Bonus Criteria at target), in addition to the Sheinker Cash Bonus and Sheinker Equity Bonus payments previously described as owed for the 2026 fiscal year; provided further, that if the Company fails to achieve the Bonus Criteria, on an aggregate basis for each specified criteria during the Sheinker Initial Term, as of the end of the 2026 fiscal year, then no payments in this paragraph shall be payable to Mr. Sheinker. 
 To the extent his employment was terminated pursuant to clause (iv) above at the end of his renewal employment term, then his severance payment would be equal to his then base salary he would have earned during the renewal term and the Sheinker Cash Bonus and Sheinker Equity Bonus (assuming achievement of the Bonus Criteria for such renewal term) he could have earned during the remainder of such renewal term, in addition to the Sheinker Cash Bonus and Sheinker Equity Bonus payments previously described as owed for the fiscal year. The President Employment Agreement also contains certain confidentiality, non-solicitation/non-competition and other provisions customary for agreements of this nature. 
 2022 Bonuses Paid Under the P. Cooper and L. Sheinker Employment Agreements 
 On May 25, 2022, the Compensation Committee discussed that the Adjusted Funds From Operations benchmarks for 2021 were met, as set forth in the respective employment agreements of Messrs. P. Cooper and L. Sheinker, entitling each executive to a 450,000 cash bonus and a 200,000 restricted stock bonus under the 2017 Plan. The Compensation Committee consulted with, and reviewed materials provided by, G M, its independent compensation consultant, regarding market compensation and the Company s 2021 performance and utilized its discretion to increase the size of Messrs. P. Cooper and L. Sheinker s bonuses since the performance benchmarks were exceeded. The Compensation Committee approved increasing the cash bonus award by 650,000 each, for a total cash bonus of 1,100,000 to each of Messrs. P. Cooper and L. Sheinker and approved increasing the restricted stock bonus by 450,000 each, for a total equity bonus of 650,000 to each of Messrs. P. Cooper and L. Sheinker. 
 
 Long-Term Equity Plan 
 
 On November 2, 2021, the Board approved the LTEP, which memorializes the terms and conditions of long term equity incentive awards that can be earned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President (collectively, the Executives pursuant to the CEO employment Agreement and President Employment Agreement. The LTEP provides that each Executive will be entitled to receive long term equity incentive awards in the form of restricted stock under the Equity Plan equal to 2 million for each fiscal year in which the Company attains AFFO benchmarks of 1.50, 2.00, 2.50, 3.00 and 3.50 per share (provided that each such award is conditioned on the determination by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion that the attainment of the particular AFFO target is sustainable). Once an AFFO target is met for a fiscal year, attainment of the same target in subsequent fiscal years shall not result in an additional award under the LTEP. 
 Stuart Blau Employment Letter 
 On November 14, 2017, Stuart M. Blau was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. In connection with Mr. Blau s appointment, the Company and Mr. Blau entered into an employment letter (the Employment Letter setting forth the terms and conditions of Mr. Blau s employment with the Company. The Employment Letter provides that Mr. Blau will, among other things, (i) receive a base salary of 300,000 per annum, subject to annual review, (ii) be eligible to receive an annual discretionary performance bonus, and (iii) be entitled to participate in the Company s benefit programs. In addition, the Employment Letter contains confidentiality and non-disclosure covenants customary for agreements of this nature. On May 25, 2022, the Compensation Committee discussed the performance of Mr. Blau and the Company's profitability, as set forth in the respective employment letter of Mr. Blau, and utilized its discretion to increase Mr. Blau's base salary to 350,000 per annum for the 2022 fiscal year. 
 2022 Bonuses Paid Under the S. Blau Employment Letter 
 On May 25, 2022, the Compensation Committee discussed the performance of Mr. Blau and the Company s profitability, as set forth in the respective employment letter of Mr. Blau, and utilized its discretion to entitle the executive to a 275,000 cash bonus and a 250,000 restricted stock bonus under the 2017 Plan. 
 79 

Director Compensation: 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the compensation paid to our directors in 2022: 

Name 
 
 Fees Paid Cash ) 

Stock Awards ) 

Option Awards ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

John Leahy 

78,750 

44,994 

123,744 

Stanley Perla 

81,250 

44,994 

126,244 

Donald Schaeffer 

83,750 

44,994 

128,744 

Douglas Cooper 

66,250 

44,994 

111,244 

David Jang 

71,250 

44,994 

116,244 

Brandon Konigsberg 

73,750 

44,994 

118,744 

Our non-officer Directors received the following forms of compensation for 2022: 
 Annual Retainer. Effective July 1, 2021, our Directors receive an annual retainer of 65,000. Each independent director who serves on the Audit Committee receives 7,500 per year and each independent director who serves as chairman of the Audit Committee is paid an additional fee of 7,500 per year. Each independent director who serves on the Compensation Committee receives 5,000 per year and each independent director who serves as chairman of the Compensation Committee is paid an additional fee of 5,000 per year. 

Meeting Fees. Effective July 1, 2021, our Directors no longer receive meeting fees. 

Equity Compensation. Effective July 1, 2021, upon their initial election and annually on the date of the Annual Meeting of the Company s stockholders, each director receives 45,000 in shares of restricted stock at fair market value on the date of the grant. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by (1) each person who is known to the Company to be the owner of more than five (5 percent of the Company s common stock, (2) each of the Company s directors and named executive officers and (3) all directors and executive officers as a group. For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31, 2022. 

Amounts and Nature of 

Percentage of 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Class(6) 

Paul Cooper (1) 

664,926 

4.8 

Louis Sheinker (2) 

556,676 

4.0 

Douglas Cooper (3) 

214,109 

1.6 

Stuart Blau (5) 

42,631 

John Leahy (4) 

30,988 

Donald Schaeffer (4) 

30,988 

Stanley Perla (4) 

26,970 

David Jang (5) 

14,822 

Brandon Konigsberg (5) 

9,015 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group 

1,591,125 

8.1 

Represents less than 1.0 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 (1) Includes options to purchase 100,000 shares which may be purchased under the Company s 2007 Incentive Award Plan (the 2007 Plan and 200,000 shares which may be purchased under the Company's 2017 Incentive Award Plan (the 2017 Plan ). Also includes 179,369 restricted shares granted under the 2007 Plan and the 2017 Plan and includes 192,974 shares held by the Paul Cooper 2020 Dynasty Trust. 

(2) Includes options to purchase 100,000 shares which may be purchased under the 2007 Plan and 200,000 shares which may be purchased under the 2017 Plan. Also includes 171,952 restricted shares granted under the 2007 Plan and the 2017 Plan and includes 84,724 shares held by the Louis Sheinker 2020 Dynasty Trust. 

(3) Includes 74,695 restricted shares granted under the 2007 Plan and 15,036 restricted shares granted under the 2017 Plan. 

80 

(4) Restricted shares granted under the 2007 Plan and the 2017 Plan. 

(5) Restricted shares granted under the 2017 Plan. 

(6) Based on 13,333,757 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 On June 11, 2007, the Board approved the Company s 2007 Plan with the effective date of the Plan of June 11, 2007, which was then approved by our stockholders on February 7, 2008. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may have been awarded under the 2007 Plan was 1,000,000 shares. These shares were registered on the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on September 23, 2010. The 2007 Plan expired by its terms on June 11, 2017. The 2017 Plan was adopted by the Board and became effective on April 24, 2017, subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders which was obtained on June 8, 2017. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded under the 2017 Plan is 2,000,000 shares. These shares were registered on the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 12, 2017. See Part III, Item 11 and Note 6. Stockholders Equity of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the 2007 Plan and the 2017 Plan. 
 The following information is provided as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans, including individual compensation arrangements, under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities issued of restricted stock and unexercised options 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

200,000 

10.40 

879,618 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 

400,000 

18.15 

873,946 

1,126,054 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

600,000 

15.57 

1,753,564 

1,126,054 

(1) This equity compensation is under the 2007 Plan. 

(2) This equity compensation is under the 2017 Plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Our directors and executive officers and their affiliates and associates have engaged in the following transactions with the Company. 
 Paul Cooper, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Louis Sheinker, the President, Secretary and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, each hold minority ownership interests in a real estate brokerage firm in which they do not engage in management activities, The Rochlin Organization. The firm acted as the exclusive broker for one of the Company s properties. In 2013, the firm introduced a new tenant to the property, resulting in the execution of a lease agreement and a subsequent lease modification and the firm earning brokerage commissions. In subsequent years, the tenant has expanded square footage and exercised renewal options, resulting in the firm earning additional brokerage commissions. In March 2018, the tenant exercised its option to renew its lease for the premises resulting in approximately 107,000 of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of 3,600,000. In November 2018, the tenant concluded negotiations to expand the premises by an additional 30,000 square feet which resulted in approximately 40,000 of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of 670,000. In February 2020, the tenant exercised its option to renew its lease for the premises resulting in approximately 135,000 of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of approximately 4,500,000. In July 2020, the firm introduced a new tenant to the property, resulting in the execution of a lease agreement and the firm earning a brokerage commission of approximately 406,000 on the aggregate 
 81 

contractual rents of approximately 21,000,000. In October 2022, the firm acted as the exclusive broker for another one of the Company's properties. The tenant signed an extension agreement which resulted in approximately 2,900,000 of brokerage commissions on the aggregate contractual rents of 82,500,000. 
 Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker each hold interests in a real estate brokerage firm, Green Holland Management LLC GHM ). Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker each own fifty percent (50 of the interests in GHM. In October 2022, the Company sold a property to a buyer that was introduced to the property by a broker working for GHM. GHM received a brokerage commission of 600,000. In January 2023, the Company purchased a property and was introduced to the property by a broker working for GHM, resulting in 574,000 of brokerage commissions. 
 The Company s former executive and administrative offices, located at 60 Hempstead Avenue, West Hempstead, New York, were being leased from Lighthouse Sixty, L.P., a partnership of which Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker are managing members of the general partner. The lease agreement expired in 2020. The Company continued to occupy the premises on a month-to-month basis at a monthly operating lease cost of approximately 27,000 through October 31, 2021. The Company moved its offices to a new location in October, 2021 pursuant to a lease with a third-party. 
 Policy Concerning Related Party Transactions: 
 In January 2018, our Board adopted an amended and restated policy (the Policy concerning the identification, review and approval of Related Party Transactions (as such term is defined in the Policy). 
 Identification of Potential Related Party Transactions: 
 Related Party Transactions will be brought to management s and the board of director s attention in a number of ways. Each director, nominee for director and executive officer is responsible for providing prompt written notice to the Secretary of any potential Related Party Transaction involving him or her or his or her immediate family member, including any additional information about the transaction that the Secretary may reasonably request. The Secretary should receive notice of any potential Related Party Transaction well in advance of consummation of the transaction so that he or she has adequate time to obtain and review information about the proposed transaction. In addition, each such director, nominee for director and executive officer completes a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential Related Party Transactions. 
 Any potential Related Party Transactions that are brought to our attention will be reviewed and analyzed by our outside securities counsel in consultation with management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a Related Party Transaction requiring approval or ratification by the Board in accordance with the Policy. 
 Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions: 
 At each of its meetings, the Board will be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed Related Party Transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose of the transaction, and the effects on the Company and the relevant Related Party. In determining whether to approve a Related Party Transaction, the Board will consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant to the Related Party Transaction: 
 whether the terms of the Related Party Transaction are fair to the Company and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a Related Party; 

whether there are business reasons for the Company to enter into the Related Party Transaction and the nature of the alternative transactions, if any; 

whether the Related Party Transaction would impair the independence of an outside director; 

whether the Company was notified about the Related Party Transaction before its commencement and if not, why pre-approval was not sought and whether subsequent ratification would be detrimental to the Company; and 

whether the Related Party Transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer of the Company, taking into account the size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the director, executive officer or Related Party, the direct or indirect nature of the director s, executive officer s or Related Party s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed relationship, and any other factors the Board deems relevant. 

Any member of the Board who has an interest in the transaction under discussion will abstain from voting on the approval of the Related Party Transaction, but may, if so requested by the Chairperson of the Board, participate in some or all of the Board s 
 82 

discussions of the Related Party Transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction, the Board may determine to permit or to prohibit the Related Party Transaction in its good faith judgment. 
 The Policy provides that the Board has reviewed certain types of Related Party Transactions identified in the Instructions to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K as transactions that do not require disclosure under Item 404(a), and determined that such types of Related Party Transactions shall be deemed to be pre-approved or ratified, as applicable, by the Board, even if the aggregate amount involved will exceed 120,000, unless specifically determined otherwise by the Board. In connection with each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board, a summary of each new Related Party Transaction deemed pre-approved shall be provided to the Board for its review. 
 Director Independence 
 Our Board of Directors currently consists of eight members. As of March 14, 2023, six of the members are deemed independent. The Board elects to apply the NASDAQ stock market corporate governance requirements and standards in its determination of the independence status of each Board and committee member. With respect to Mr. Douglas Cooper s independence, the Board considered that he previously served as an executive officer of the Company over eight years ago, that a law firm in which he was a partner previously served as counsel to the Company over nine years ago and that his cousin currently serves as the CEO of the Company. The Board determined that Mr. Douglas Cooper qualified as an independent director given the number of years that have passed since he has served as an executive officer and the law firm in which he was a partner served as legal counsel to the Company and the fact that the Board did not believe that cousin relationship with the CEO would interfere with his exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities as a director. The members of the Audit Committee are also independent as defined under the Exchange Act and applicable rules and regulations of the NASDAQ stock market. The members of the Compensation Committee are independent as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the NASDAQ stock market. 
 The Board based its independence determinations primarily on a review of the responses of the directors and executive officers to questions regarding employment and transaction history, affiliations and family and other relationships and on discussions with the directors. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, none of our directors engages in any transaction, relationship, or arrangement contemplated under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUN TANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 On March 15, 2022, the Audit Committee appointed BDO USA, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm and have reported on the financial statements in this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table presents aggregate fees billed for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by BDO USA, LLP in the following categories: 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees 

489,250 

440,970 

Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

Other fees 

Total 

489,250 

440,970 

Audit fees. These are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual financial statements and the required review of quarterly financial statements, and other procedures performed by BDO USA, LLP in order for them to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. These fees also cover services that are normally provided by independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 Audit related fees. These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements, such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, internal control reviews, and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 Tax fees. These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in BDO USA, LLP s tax division, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. These include fees for tax planning and tax advice. In 2018, the Company engaged Alan Goldman P.C. to provide tax related services including tax planning and tax advice. Fees paid to Alan Goldman P.C. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 57,000 and 56,000, respectively. 
 83 

All other fees. These are fees for any services not included in the above-described categories, including assistance with internal audit plans, risk assessments, and other regulatory filings. 
 The Audit Committee pre-approves all anticipated annual audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm prior to the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm with respect to such permissible services. With respect to audit services and permissible non-audit services not previously approved, the Audit Committee has authorized the Chairman of the Audit Committee to approve such audit services and permissible non-audit services, provided the Chairman informs the Audit Committee of such approval at its next regularly scheduled meeting. All Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees set forth above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. In accordance with Section 10A(i) of the Exchange Act, before BDO USA, LLP was engaged by us to render audit or non-audit services, the engagement was approved by our Audit Committee. 
 
 84 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANC IAL SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) List of Documents Filed. 
 1.The list of the financial statements contained herein is set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2.Schedule III Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth immediately following the Exhibit Index below. All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 3.The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index below. 
 (b) See (a) 3 above. 
 (c) See (a) 2 above. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger (Incorporated by reference to Attachment A to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement No. 333-136110) . 

3.1 
 
 Composite Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Inclusive of All Amendments Through June 8, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2018). 

3.2 
 
 Composite Bylaws, Inclusive of All Amendments Through September 3, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2018). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.1 
 
 Revised Form of 2007 Incentive Award Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2008). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Stockholder Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on October 19, 2006). 

10.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Green Bus lines, Inc., Command Bus Company, Inc., Triboro Coach Corp., Jamaica Buses, Inc. Varsity Transit, Inc., GTJ Co., Inc. and the City of New York dated November 29, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.4 
 
 Agreement of Lease between Green Bus Holding Corp., Landlord and the City of New York, Tenant: Premises 49-19 Rockaway Beach Boulevard, Arverne, New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.5 
 
 Agreement of Lease between Green Bus Holding Corp., Landlord and the City of New York, Tenant: Premises 165-25 147 th Avenue, Jamaica, New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.6 
 
 Agreement of Lease between Jamaica Bus Holding Corp., Landlord and the City of New York, Tenant: Premises 114-15 Guy Brewer Boulevard, Jamaica, New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.7 
 
 Agreement of Lease between Triboro Coach Holding Corp., Landlord and the City of New York, Tenant: Premises 85-01 24 th Avenue East Elmhurst, New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

10.8 
 
 Agreement of Lease between GTJ Co., Inc., Landlord and Avis Rent A Car System, Inc., Tenant: Premises 23-85 87 th Street, East Elmhurst, New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement (No. 333-136110), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2006). 

85 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.9 
 
 Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Eight Farm Springs Road Associates, LLC and Farm Springs Road LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC February 5, 2008). 

10.10 
 
 Lease by and between Eight Farm Springs Road Associates, L.L.C. and Hartford Fire Insurance Company, including First Lease Amendment. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2008). 

10.11 
 
 Environmental Compliance and Indemnification Agreement, dated August 26, 2011, by and between the Company and Farm Springs Road. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 10, 2011). 

10.12 
 
 Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2011, by and among Triangle Services Inc., Metroclean Express Corp. and GTJ REIT, Inc. (schedules have been omitted, and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2012). 

10.13 
 
 Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2011, by and among Triangle Services Inc., ShelterClean, Inc. and GTJ REIT, Inc. (schedules have been omitted, and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 1, 2012). 

10.14 
 
 Bill of Sale, dated January 12, 2012, by and between ShelterClean of Arizona, Inc. and Shelter Clean Services, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2012). 

10.15 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated January 12, 2012, by and between ShelterClean of Arizona, Inc. and Shelter Clean Services, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2012) . 

10.16 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated June 6, 2012, by and between Farm Springs Road, LLC and United Technologies Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2012). 

10.17 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement by and between Shelter Express Corp. and Manisha Patel. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 26, 2012). 

10.18 
 
 Contribution Agreement by and among Wu/Lighthouse Portfolio, LLC, GTJ REIT, Inc., GTJ GP, LLC, GTJ Realty, LP, Jeffrey Wu, Paul Cooper, Louis Sheinker, Jerome Cooper, Jeffrey Ravetz and Sarah Ravetz dated as of January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2013). 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement by and between GTJ REIT, Inc. and GTJ GP, LLC dated as of January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2013). 

10.20 
 
 Tax Protection Agreement by and among GTJ REIT, Inc., GTJ Realty, LP, Jeffrey Wu, Wu Family 2012 Gift Trust, Paul Cooper, Jerome Cooper, Jeffrey Ravetz, Sarah Ravetz and Louis Sheinker dated as of January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2013). 

10.21 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among GTJ REIT, Inc. and certain investors dated as of January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2013). 

10.22 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement by and among Wu/LH 15 Progress L.L.C. 15 Progress ), Paul A. Cooper, Jeffrey D. Ravetz, Louis E. Sheinker, Jeffrey Wu, GTJ REIT, Inc., GTJ Realty, LP, and Peoples United Bank PUB dated as of January 1, 2013 for a loan in the original principal amount of 2,700,000.00 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 19, 2013). 

10.23 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement by and among 15 Progress and PUB dated as of September 30, 2010 in the original principal amount of 2,700,000.00 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 19, 2013). 

86 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.24 
 
 Promissory Note made by 15 Progress to PUB dated as of September 30, 2010 in the principal sum of 2,700,000.00 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 19, 2013). 

10.25 
 
 Open-End Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement by and among 15 Progress and PUB dated as of September 30, 2010 in the principal sum of 2,700,000.00 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 19, 2013). 

10.26 
 
 Substitute Limited Guaranty by GTJ REIT, Inc. to PUB dated as of January, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 19, 2013). 

10.27 
 
 Open-End First Mortgage Deed, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing executed by Farm Springs Road, LLC, GTJ REALTY, LP, GTJ GP, LLC and GTJ REIT, INC dated February 22, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2013). 

10.28 
 
 Promissory Note executed by Farm Springs Road, LLC, GTJ REALTY, LP, GTJ GP, LLC and GTJ REIT, INC dated February 22, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2013). 

10.29 
 
 Guaranty for the benefit of Aviva Life and Annuity Company executed by GTJ REALTY, LP, GTJ GP, LLC and GTJ REIT, INC dated February 22, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2013) . 

10.30 
 
 Reserve Agreement executed by Farm Springs Road, LLC, GTJ REALTY, LP, GTJ GP, LLC and GTJ REIT, INC dated February 22, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2013). 

10.31 
 
 Amended and Restated Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Leases, and Security Agreement dated April 3, 2013, by and between Wu/LH 103 Fairview Park LLC, and Wu/LH 404 Fieldcrest LLC and Genworth Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2013). 

10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated April 3, 2013, payable to the order of Genworth Life Insurance Company in the stated principal amount of 14,400,000 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2013). 

10.33 
 
 Unconditional Guaranty dated April 3, 2013, by GTJ Realty, L.P. to and for the benefit of Genworth Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2013) . 

10.34 
 
 Environmental Indemnity dated April 3, 2013, by and between Wu/LH 103 Fairview Park LLC, Wu/LH 404 Fieldcrest LLC, GTJ Realty L.P. and Genworth Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2013). 

10.35 
 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Leases, and Security Agreement dated April 3, 2013, by and between Wu/LH 300 American LLC and Wu/LH 500 American LLC and Genworth Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2013). 

10.36 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2014). 

10.37 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 10, 2014). 

10.38 
 
 Payment Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2014). 

10.39 
 
 Promissory Note dated as of April 8, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2014) . 

10.40 
 
 Amended and Restated Separation Agreement and General Release with D. Cooper, effective as of January 15, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.123 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2015). 

87 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.41 
 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Leases, Rents and Contracts, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015). 

10.42 
 
 Form of Mortgage Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015). 

10.43 
 
 Nonrecourse Exception Indemnity and Guaranty Agreement dated as March 13, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015). 

10.44 
 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of March 13, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015). 

10.45 
 
 Loan Agreement (CT/NJ Loan), dated as of August 5, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Loan Agreement (NY Loan), dated as of August 5, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 22, 2021, by and among GTJ Realty, LP, KeyBank National Association, the other lending institutions party thereto, and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021). 

10.48 
 
 First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, Note Assumption, Consolidation and Modification Agreement and Amendment to Other Loan Documents, dated as of August 5, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Paul Cooper (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.50 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Louis Sheinker (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.51 
 
 GTJ REIT, Inc. 2017 Incentive Award Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 	the Registrant s Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-218667), filed with the SEC on June 12, 2017). 

10.52 
 
 First Amendment to GTJ REIT, Inc. 2017 Incentive Award Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020). 

10.53 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2017 Incentive Award Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.54 
 
 GTJ REIT, Inc. Long-Term Equity Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

10.55 
 
 Employment Letter, dated November 14, 2017, by and between the Company and Stuart Blau (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 20, 2017). 

10.56 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 20, 2017, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company, United States Life Insurance Company, and other lending institutions party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2018). 

10.57 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 20, 2017, made by the Company and certain subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company in favor of United States Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2018). 

10.58 
 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated December 20, 2017, executed by the Company and certain subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company in favor of United States Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2018). 

10.59 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated December 20, 2017, executed by the Company in favor of United States Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2018). 

88 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

10.60 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 21, 2018, by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company and The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018). 

10.61 
 
 Consolidated, Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated March 21, 2018, made by certain subsidiaries of the Company in favor of The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018). 

10.62 
 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated March 21, 2018, executed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company in favor of The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018). 

10.63 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated March 21, 2018, executed by the Company in favor of The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018). 

10.64 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, by and among Transamerica Life Insurance Company, WU/LH 466 Bridgeport L.L.C., and GWL 20 East Halsey LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.65 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated March 24, 2020, by WU/LH 466 Bridgeport L.L.C. in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.66 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated March 24, 2020, by GWL 20 East Halsey LLC in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.67 
 
 Open-End Mortgage Deed, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated March 24, 2020, by WU/LH 466 Bridgeport L.L.C. in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.68 
 
 Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated March 24, 2020, by GWL 20 East Halsey LLC in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.69 
 
 Guarantee (Right Choice Lease) by the Company in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.70 
 
 Guarantee (John Guest Lease) by the Company in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.71 
 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, by the Company and WU/LH 466 Bridgeport L.L.C. in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

10.72 
 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, by the Company and GWL 20 East Halsey LLC in favor of Transamerica Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020). 

14.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, adopted as of January 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2018). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of GTJ REIT, Inc. (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BDO USA, LLP (filed herewith). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith). 

89 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 

99.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

90 

412 Fairview Park Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 B 

n/a 

401 Fieldcrest Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 B 

n/a 

404 Fieldcrest Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 E 

36 Midland Ave, Port Chester, NY 
 
 B 

100-110 Midland Ave, Port Chester, NY 
 
 B 

199 Ridgewood Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 B 

203 Ridgewood Drive, Elmsford, NY 
 
 B 

8 Slater Street, Port Chester, NY 
 
 B 

612 Wortman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 

165-25 147th Ave, Jamaica, NY 
 
 B 

114-15 Guy Brewer Blvd, Jamaica, NY 
 
 B 

49-19 Rockaway Beach Blvd, Far Rockaway, NY 
 
 B 

85-01 24th Ave, East Elmhurst, NY 
 
 B 

23-85 87th Street, East Elmhurst, NY 

28-20 Borden Ave, Long Island City, NY 
 
 A 

606 Cozine Ave, Brooklyn, NY 
 
 D 

201 Neelytown Road, Montgomery, NY 
 
 D 

Retail: 

112 Midland Ave, Port Chester, NY 
 
 B 

Total NY: 

New Jersey 

Industrial: 

100 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 B 

200 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 B 

300 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 E 

400 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 B 

500 American Road, Morris Plains, NJ 
 
 E 

20 East Halsey Road, Parsippany, NJ 
 
 F 

1110 Centennial Ave, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

11 Constitution Ave, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

21 Constitution Ave, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

4 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

8 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

1938 Olney Avenue, Cherry Hill, NJ 
 
 D 

Office/Data Center: 

25 Corporate Place, Piscataway, NJ 
 
 C 

Total NJ: 

Connecticut 

Industrial: 

466 Bridgeport Ave, Shelton, CT 
 
 F 

470 Bridgeport Ave, Shelton, CT 
 
 B 

15 Progress Drive, Shelton, CT 

33 Platt Road, Shelton, CT 
 
 B 

950-974 Bridgeport Ave, Milford, CT 

12 Cascade Blvd, Orange, CT 
 
 B 

15 Executive Blvd., Orange, CT 
 
 B 

25 Executive Blvd., Orange, CT 
 
 B 

22 Marsh Hill Rd, Orange, CT 
 
 B 

269 Lambert Rd, Orange, CT 
 
 B 

110 Old County Circle, Windsor Locks, CT 

120 Old County Circle, Windsor Locks, CT 

4 Meadow Street, Norwalk, CT 
 
 B 

777 Brook Street, Rocky Hill, CT 
 
 B 

35 Executive Blvd., Orange, CT (1) 
 
 B 

() 

Total CT: 

Delaware 

Industrial: 

300 McIntire Drive, Newark, DE 
 
 D 

Total DE: 

Grand Total: 

(1) million write down was recorded during 2018. This property was formerly classified as Office but subsequently changed to Industrial due to the construction of a new Industrial building. 

2022 

2021 

Balance at beginning of year 

Property acquisitions 

Property disposition 

() 

Improvements 

Adjustment for assets written off 

() 

Balance at end of year 

2022 

2021 

Balance at beginning of year 

Property disposition 

() 

Depreciation and amortization for year 

Adjustment for assets written off 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Lender 
 
 Principal Outstanding 

A People s United Bank 

B American International Group 2022 

C Allstate Corporation 

D United States Life Insurance Company 

E United States Life Insurance Company 

F Transamerica Life Insurance Company 

Total 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 	 
 	 None. 
 92 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GTJ REIT, INC. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul A. Cooper 

Paul A. Cooper Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Stuart Blau 

Stuart Blau Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Paul A. Cooper Paul A. Cooper 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Louis Sheinker Louis Sheinker 
 
 President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Stuart Blau Stuart Blau 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Douglas A. Cooper Douglas A. Cooper 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ David Jang David Jang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Brandon Konigsberg Brandon Konigsberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ John J. Leahy John J. Leahy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Stanley R. Perla Stanley R. Perla 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Donald M. Schaeffer Donald M. Schaeffer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

93 

<EX-21>
 2
 gttj-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF GTJ REIT, INC. 
 1. Green Acquisition, Inc. (1) 
 2. Triboro Acquisition, Inc. (1) 
 3. Jamaica Acquisition, Inc. (1) 
 4. Green Bus Holding Corp. (1) 
 5. Jamaica Buses Holding Corp. (1) 
 6. Triboro Coach Holding Corp. (1) 
 7. GTJ Co., Inc. (1) 
 8. 49-19 Rockaway Beach Boulevard, LLC (1) 
 9. 165-25 147 th Avenue, LLC (1) 
 10. 114-15 Guy Brewer Boulevard, LLC (1) 
 11. 85-01 24 th Avenue, LLC (1) 
 12. 23-85 87 th Street, LLC (1) 
 13. 612 Wortman Avenue, LLC (1) 
 14. Varsity Transit, Inc. (1) 
 15. Shelter Express Corp. (1) 
 16. ShelterCLEAN, Inc. (3) 
 17. Transit Facility Management Corp. (1) 
 18. Transit Facility Claims Corp. (1) 
 19. Outdoor NY Corp. (1) 
 20. GTJ GP, LLC (2) 
 21. GTJ Realty, L.P. 
 22. GTJ Management LLC (1) 
 23. Wu/LH 466 Bridgeport LLC 
 24. Wu/LH 470 Bridgeport LLC 
 25. Wu/LH 950 Bridgeport LLC 
 26. Wu/LH 12 Cascade LLC 
 27. Wu/LH 15 Executive LLC 
 28. Wu/LH 35 Executive LLC 
 29. Wu/LH 15 Progress LLC 
 30. Wu/LH 22 Marsh Hill LLC 
 31. Wu/LH 25 Executive LLC 
 32. Wu/LH 269 Lambert LLC 
 33. Wu/LH 103 Fairview Park LLC 
 34. Wu/LH 412 Fairview Park LLC 
 35. Wu/LH 401 Fieldcrest LLC 
 36. Wu/LH 404 Fieldcrest LLC 
 37. Wu/LH 36 Midland LLC 
 38. Wu/LH 100-110 Midland LLC 
 39. Wu/LH 112 Midland LLC 
 40. Wu/LH 199 Ridgewood LLC 
 41. Wu/LH 203 Ridgewood LLC 
 42. Wu/LH 8 Slater LLC 
 43. Wu/LH 100 American LLC 
 44. Wu/LH 200 American LLC 
 45. Wu/LH 300 American LLC 
 46. Wu/LH 400 American LLC 
 47. Wu/LH 500 American LLC 
 48. GWL 110 Old County LLC 
 49. GWL Windsor Land LLC 
 50. GWL 20 East Halsey LLC 
 51. GWL Borden LLC 
 52. GWL 4 Meadow LLC 
 53. GWL Platt LLC 
 54. GWL 777 Brook LLC 
 55. GWL 1110 Centennial LLC 
 56. GWL 11 Constitution LLC 

57. GWL 21 Constitution LLC 
 58. GWL 4 Corporate LLC 
 59. GWL 8 Corporate LLC 
 60. GWL 25 Corporate LLC 
 61. GWL 606 Cozine LLC 
 62. GWL 300 McIntire LLC 
 63. GWL 1938 Olney LLC 
 64. GWL 201 Neelytown LLC 
 65. GWL 2 Corporate JV LLC 
 66. GWL 625 Wortman LLC 
 
 All entities were organized or formed in the State of Delaware except otherwise noted. 
 (1) Represents entities organized or incorporated in the State of New York. 
 (2) Represents an entity organized in the State of Maryland. 
 (3) Represents an entity incorporated in the Cayman Islands. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gttj-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 GTJ REIT, Inc. 
 Garden City, New York 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-169557 and No. 333-218667) of GTJ REIT, Inc. of our report dated March 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 gttj-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As 
 Amended, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Paul A. Cooper, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GTJ REIT, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Paul A. Cooper 

Paul A. Cooper 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 gttj-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As 
 Amended, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Stuart Blau, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GTJ REIT, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Stuart Blau 

Stuart Blau 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 gttj-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of GTJ REIT, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Periodic Report ), I, Paul A. Cooper, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Paul A. Cooper 

Paul A. Cooper 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 gttj-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of GTJ REIT, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Periodic Report ), I, Stuart Blau, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Stuart Blau 

Stuart Blau 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gttj-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gttj-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 gttj-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gttj-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gttj-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

