<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1900520_0001213900-23-025543.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1583265</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100378</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>363479</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>302191</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>398540</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>383548</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025543.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001900520
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				872959575
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56377
		FILM NUMBER:		23788536

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-989-2208

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025543.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_venetian1acq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip
Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and as of the date of this report, there were no non-affiliate holders
of common stock of the registrant. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of common stock, par value 0.0001, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved staff comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 12 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 12 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 13 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 15 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 17 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 17 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 18 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 19 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events. You can identify these statements by that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not
all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, would, 
 should, could, may or other similar expressions in this Form 10-K. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions, future performance, anticipated expenses, or projected financial results. These forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience
and our present expectations or projections. 

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions
or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward- looking statements.
Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements
we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, or joint ventures we
may make or collaborations or strategic partnerships we may enter into. 

You should read this Form 10-K and the documents
that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires, the terms Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp., we, us, our, the Registrant 
and the Company refer collectively to Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on September 24, 2021. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining
initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has made no efforts to identify a possible
business combination. As a result, the Company has not conducted negotiations or entered into a letter of intent concerning any target
business. The business purpose of the Company is to seek the acquisition of or merger with, an existing company. The Company selected
December 31 st as its fiscal year end. 

The Company, based on proposed business activities,
is a blank check company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC defines those companies as
 any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act, and that
has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies. 
Under SEC Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company also qualifies as a shell company, because it has no or nominal
assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 107 in cash, and its auditors have issued
an opinion raising substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations
limiting the sale of securities of blank check companies in their respective jurisdictions. Management does not intend to
undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully concluded a business
combination. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as it is subject to
those requirements. 

The Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate
and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation.
The Company s principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential
through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict its potential candidate
target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. The Company
has not conducted any active operations since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. The Company s
plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond such time shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition
candidates. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not identified any specific milestones to be achieved by any specific date. 

During the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond
such time, we anticipate incurring costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports, and investigating, analyzing and consummating
an acquisition. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through the use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders,
management or other investors. Our management and stockholders have indicated their intent to advance funds on behalf of the Company as
needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with its Exchange Act reporting requirements; however, there are no agreements
in effect between the Company and our management and stockholders specifically requiring that they provide any funds to the Company. As
a result, there are no assurances that such funds will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as
needed. 

The analysis of new business opportunities will
be undertaken by or under the supervision of the Company s management. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not entered
into any definitive agreement with any party, nor have there been any specific discussions with any potential business combination candidate
regarding business opportunities for the Company. While the Company has limited assets and no revenues, the Company has unrestricted flexibility
in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities in that it may seek out a target company in any type of business,
industry or geographical location. In its efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets, the Company will consider the following kinds
of factors: 

(a) 
 potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new products; 

(b) competitive
position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry as a whole; 

1 

(c) strength and diversity of management, either in place or
scheduled for recruitment; 

(d) 
 capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the sale of additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

(e) 
 the cost of participation by the Company as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials; 

(f) 
 the extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; and 

(g) 
 the accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services, professional assistance and other required items. 

In applying the foregoing criteria, no one of
which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable
investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries, and at
various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Registrant s limited capital available for investigation, the Registrant may not discover
or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. In addition, we will be competing against other entities that
possess greater financial, technical and managerial capabilities for identifying and completing business combinations. 

In evaluating a prospective business combination,
we will conduct as extensive a due diligence review of potential targets as possible given the lack of information that may be available
regarding private companies and our limited personnel and financial resources. We expect that our due diligence will encompass, among
other things, meetings with the target business s incumbent management, an inspection of its facilities, as necessary and a review
of financial and other information which is made available to us. 

This due diligence review will be conducted either
by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, including but not limited to attorneys, accountants, consultants or
other such professionals. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not specifically identified any third parties that it may engage.
The costs associated with hiring third parties as required to complete a business combination may be significant and are difficult to
determine as such costs may vary depending on a variety of factors, including the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination,
the location of the target company, and the size and complexity of the business of the target company. 

While the Company does not intend to retain any
entity to act as a finder , the Company s management, through its various contacts and affiliations with other entities,
including Montrose Capital Partners Limited Montrose Capital ), a privately held company that focuses on identifying public
markets venture capital investment opportunities in high growth early stage companies, may assist in making introductions to candidates
for a potential business combination. Montrose Capital is a sector agnostic privately held firm that has identified and invested , through
its principal owners, in a wide spectrum of global industries, including in biotechnology, specialty pharmaceuticals, medical devices,
robotics, and technology, and may assist the Company with due diligence in the form of identifying a business combination target. A stockholder
and director and the sole officer of the Company, Ian Jacobs, is an associate of Montrose Capital. A stockholder and director of the Company,
Mark Tompkins, is an officer and principal owner of Montrose Capital. Except as described herein, there are currently no other agreements
or preliminary understandings between us and Montrose Capital. As of the date of this filing, Montrose Capital has not introduced any
specific candidate for a potential business combination to the Company. 

Our limited funds and the lack of full-time management
will likely make it impracticable to conduct a complete and exhaustive investigation and analysis of a target business before we consummate
a business combination. Management decisions, therefore, will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies, independent analysis,
market surveys and the like which, if we had more funds available to us, would be desirable. We will be particularly dependent in making
decisions upon information provided by the promoters, owners, sponsors or others associated with the target business seeking our participation. 

2 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. The
amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the target company, and the size and complexity of the business
of the target company, whether current stockholders of the Company will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation
required, the involvement of the Company s auditors in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure
in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction are all factors that determine
the costs associated with completing a business combination transaction. The time and costs required to complete a business combination
can be estimated once a business combination target has been identified. Any costs incurred with respect to the evaluation of a prospective
business combination that is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us. 

Through information obtained from industry professionals
including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants with experience in the reverse merger industry, the Company is aware that
there are hundreds of shell companies seeking a business combination target. As a result, the Company believes it is in a highly competitive
market for a small number of business opportunities, which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination.
We are, and will continue to be, an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. Many established and well-financed entities, including small public companies and venture capital
firms, are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us. Nearly all these entities have
significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do; consequently, we will be at a competitive
disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive factors
may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business combination. 

In addition, management is currently involved
with three other blank check companies namely, Patricia Acquisition Corp., Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc. and Surfside Acquisition Inc.,
and may become associated with additional blank check companies at any time in the future. As a result, conflicts may arise during the
pursuit of business combinations with other such companies with which our management is involved or may become involved with in the future
if we and the other blank check companies that our officers and directors are affiliated with desire to take advantage of the same business
opportunity. 

At this time, the Company has not identified any
specific factors or criteria that will be used to determine which entity will proceed with a proposed transaction in the event of a conflict
of interest and management reserves the right to use any such criteria as it determines to be relevant at the time a proposed transaction
is presented. However, in the event a conflict of interest arises in connection with the identification of a proposed business transaction,
the Company s management and board of directors will use their reasonable judgment and intend to take all such actions as may be
required in order to satisfy their fiduciary duties. At this time, our management has not identified any specific conflicts of interests. 

We have had and currently have no employees. Our
officer and directors are engaged in outside business activities and are employed on a full-time basis by other companies. Our officer
and directors will be dividing their time amongst these entities and anticipate that they will devote very limited time to our business
until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been identified. The specific amount of time that management will devote
to the Company may vary from week to week or even day to day, and therefore the specific amount of time that management will devote to
the Company on a weekly basis cannot be ascertained with any level of certainty. In all cases, management intend to spend as much time
as is necessary to exercise their fiduciary duties as an officer and/or director of the Company and believe that they will be able to
devote the time required to consummate a business combination transaction as necessary. 

We expect no significant changes in the number
of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination. Because of the nature of our business, management
does not believe it is necessary for us to focus on any human capital measures or objectives in managing our business (such as measures
or objectives that address the development, attraction and retention of personnel). 

Form of Acquisition 

The manner in which the Registrant participates
in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of the Registrant and the promoters
of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of the Registrant and such promoters. 

It is likely that the Registrant will acquire
its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of its Common Stock or other securities of the Registrant, which could
result in substantial dilution to the equity of stockholders of the Registrant immediately prior to the consummation of a transaction.
Although the terms of any such transaction have not been identified and cannot be predicted, it is expected that any business combination
transaction the Company may enter into would be structured as a tax free reorganization. It should be noted that the criteria
for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code depends upon the transaction meeting certain statutory and non-statutory requirements. 

3 

There are different types of statutory requirements
for each type of tax-free reorganization and thus each transaction must be reviewed carefully to determine its eligibility for a tax-free
reorganization. One of the statutory requirements in a tax-free reorganization is that at least a certain percentage of the total consideration
in the transaction must be voting stock of the acquirer corporation. This could result in substantial dilution to the equity of those
who were stockholders of the Registrant prior to such reorganization. In addition, post- transaction dispositions of Registrant s
stock received as consideration could have implications for the tax-free nature of the transaction in question. The Company does not intend
to supply disclosure to stockholders concerning a target company prior to the consummation of a business combination transaction, unless
required by applicable law or regulation. In the event a proposed business combination involves a change in majority of directors of the
Company, the Company will file and provide to stockholders a Schedule 14F-1, which shall include, information concerning the target company,
as required. The Company will file a current report on Form 8-K, as required, within four business days of a business combination which
results in the Company ceasing to be a shell company. This Form 8-K will include complete disclosure of the target company, including
audited financial statements. 

The present stockholders of the Registrant will
likely not have control of a majority of the voting securities of the Registrant following a reorganization transaction. As part of such
a transaction, all or a majority of the Registrant s directors may resign and one or more new directors may be appointed without
any vote by stockholders. 

In the case of an acquisition, the transaction
may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory
merger or consolidation directly involving the Company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders meeting and obtain the
approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding securities. The necessity of obtaining such stockholder approval may result in
delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting
stockholders. Most likely, management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval. 

The Company intends to search for a target for
a business combination by contacting various sources including, but not limited to, our affiliates, lenders, investment banking firms,
private equity funds, consultants and attorneys. The approximate number of persons or entities that will be contacted is unknown and dependent
on whether any opportunities are presented by the sources that we contact. Due to our management s affiliation with Montrose Capital,
we expect that Montrose Capital may be able to assist the Company in identifying a business combination target for us. We currently do
not have any agreements or preliminary agreements between us and any other entities including but not limited to Montrose Capital. 

It is anticipated that the investigation of specific
business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. The costs that will
be incurred are difficult to determine with any degree of specificity at this time, as such costs are expected to be dependent on factors
such as (1) the amount of time it takes to identify and complete a business combination transaction; (2) the location, size and complexity
of the business of the target company; (3) whether current stockholders of the Company will retain equity in the Company; (4) the scope
of the due diligence investigation required; (5) the involvement of the Company s auditors in the transaction; (6) possible changes
in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction; (7) and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with
the transaction. If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related
investigation might not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity,
the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to the Registrant of the related costs incurred. The Company has not
established a timeline with respect to the identification of a business combination target. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
and exemptions from the requirements of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to hold a nonbinding advisory vote
of stockholders on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

4 

The Company has elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed 1.235 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the end of the second quarter of any fiscal year following the anniversary of the initial reporting. 

To the extent that we continue to qualify as a
 smaller reporting company , as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an
emerging growth company, certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as
a smaller reporting company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of
the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial
statements, instead of three years. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company as
defined in Item 10 of Regulation S-K (17 C.F.R. 229.10(f)(1)), the Company is not required to provide this information. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company neither rents nor owns any properties.
The Company utilizes the office space and equipment of its management at no cost. Given the limited need of the Company, management believes
that the office space is more than suitable and adequate. The Company currently has no policy with respect to investments or interests
in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

There are presently no pending legal proceedings
to which the Company or any of its property is subject, or any material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the
Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities is a party or has a material
interest adverse to the Company, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The Company is authorized by its Certificate of
Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 50,000,000 are shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000
are shares of Preferred Stock. As of the date of filing this Form 10-K, 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock and zero shares of Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding and the Company had two stockholders of record. 

Common Stock 

All outstanding shares of Common Stock are of
the same class and have equal rights and attributes. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted
to a vote of stockholders of the Company. All stockholders are entitled to share equally in dividends, if any, as may be declared from
time to time by the Company s board of directors out of funds legally available. In the event of liquidation, the holders of Common
Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities. The stockholders do not have cumulative
or preemptive rights. 

There is currently no public market for our Common
Stock. Furthermore, no public trading market is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a
business combination with an operating business. However, we cannot guarantee our Common Stock will ever be listed on any exchange or
approved for quotation on any over-the-counter market. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by our board
of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock with dividend,
liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights, which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the
Common Stock. In the event of issuance, the Preferred Stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our authorized
Preferred Stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any dividends on our common stock
to date and do not intend to pay dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of dividends in the future will
be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of
a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board
of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The Company has not authorized any securities
for issuance under an equity incentive plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

6 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. Overview of our Business 

Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on September 24, 2021. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining
initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has focused its efforts to identify a possible
business combination. No revenue has been generated by the Company since inception. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues
unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance. The Company s
plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination
with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to
any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

The Company is currently considered to be a blank
check company. The SEC defines those companies as any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the
meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act, and that has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business
plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the
sale of securities of blank check companies in their respective jurisdictions. The Company is also a shell company, 
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act as a company with no or nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. Management
does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully
concluded a business combination. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long
as we are subject to those requirements. 

In addition, the Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and exemptions from the requirements
of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act to hold a nonbinding advisory vote of shareholders on executive compensation and any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

7 

The Company has also elected to use the extended
transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows
us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year during which our revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (2) the date on which we issue
more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, (3) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities
Act, or (4) when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day
of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, 
as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain of the
exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, including:
(1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive
compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. 

The Company has not conducted any active operations
since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company since
inception. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company,
of which there can be no assurance. The Company s plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its
efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be
to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will
not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire
any type of business. 

The Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such
time will be paid with funds to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

The Company currently does not engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. During the next twelve months, we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

(i) filing
Exchange Act reports, and 

(ii) investigating,
analyzing and consummating an acquisition. 

We believe we will be able to meet these costs
through use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. There are no assurances that
such funds will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had 107 and 10,089 in cash, respectively. On September 24, 2021, in connection with advances made in connection with costs
incurred by the Company, the Company issued a promissory note to Mark Tompkins, a stockholder and director of the Company, pursuant to
which the Company agreed to repay Mr. Tompkins the sum of any and all amounts that Mr. Tompkins may advance to the Company on or before
the date that the Company consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction
after which the Company would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the
proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although Mr. Tompkins has no obligation to advance funds to the Company under the terms
of the note, it is anticipated that he may advance funds to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future. As a result,
the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances. Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note
except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred. In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically
become due and payable (the Default Date ), and starting from five (5) days after the Default Date, the interest rate on
the note shall accrue at the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount due under the note was
 45,000. The note is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1. Except as disclosed herein, we currently have no other agreements or specific arrangements
in place with our stockholders, management or other investors. 

8 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and
repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent
on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with such company. Management s plan includes
obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or related party advances, however there is no
assurance of additional funding being available. 

The Company, as of December 31, 2022, had 107
of cash and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. In the next 12 months, we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately
 40,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the Company s Exchange
Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company vary widely and are dependent on
a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the
target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the transaction
will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors
in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may
be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies a
business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is
currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve
profitable operations. 

The Company may consider acquiring a business
which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets,
is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties
and is in need of additional capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination with the
Company will provide such company greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community, and offer
the opportunity to utilize its stock to make acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will in fact have access to additional capital
or financing as a public company. In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company
which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding,
among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 

Any target business we select for a potential
business combination may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities
without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations
of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may effect a business combination with
an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that it will likely
be able to effect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective
stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business
in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us,
because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

The Company anticipates that the selection of
a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. While the Company is in a competitive market with a small number of business
opportunities, through information obtained from industry professionals including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants
with experience in the reverse merger industry, our management believes that there are opportunities for a business combination with firms
seeking the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation
include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity
for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available
business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of
comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

9 

We do not currently intend to retain any entity
to act as a finder to identify and analyze the merits of potential target businesses. However, we contemplate that Montrose
Capital may introduce business combination opportunities to us. There are currently no agreements or preliminary agreements between us
and Montrose Capital. 

We have not established a specific timeline nor
have we created a specific plan to identify an acquisition target and consummate a business combination. We expect that our management
and the Company, through its various contacts and affiliations with other entities, including Montrose Capital, will locate a business
combination target. We expect that funds in the amount of approximately 40,000 will be required in order for the Company to satisfy its
Exchange Act reporting requirements during the next 12 months, in addition to any other funds that will be required in order to complete
a business combination. Such funds can only be estimated upon identifying a business combination target. Our management and stockholders
have indicated an intent to advance funds on behalf of the Company as needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with
its Exchange Act reporting requirements, however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company and our management or stockholders
specifically requiring they provide any funds to the Company. Therefore, there are no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain
the required financing as needed in order to consummate a business combination transaction. 

COVID-19 

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization
officially declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 a pandemic. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other
infectious diseases has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has significantly adversely affected businesses of all types, economies
and financial markets worldwide. The business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be
materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to
COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extended period of time, our ability to consummate
a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets equal to 107
comprised exclusively of cash. The Company s current liabilities as of December 31, 2022, totaled 54,300 comprised of amounts due
under a note payable to a shareholder for 45,000 and accounts payable and accrued expenses of 9,300. The Company can provide no assurance
that it can continue to satisfy its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

The following is a summary of the Company s
cash flows provided by (used in) operating and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from September
24, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021: 

Year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 period 
 September 24, 
2021 (inception) to December 31, 
2021 
 
 Net Cash (Used In) Operating Activities 
 (45,102 
 (36 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 35,120 
 10,125 
 
 Net Change in Cash 
 (9,982 
 10,089 

The Company has only cash assets and has generated
no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund its ongoing
operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a private operating company. In addition, the Company is dependent
upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable
at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to implement its plan of operations. 

10 

Issuance of Promissory Note to a Stockholder
and Director 

On September 24, 2021, the Company issued a promissory
note (the Note to the majority stockholder of the Company, Mark Tompkins, a stockholder and director of the Company, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to repay Mr. Tompkins the sum of any and all amounts that Mr. Tompkins may advance to the Company on or before
the date that the Company consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction
after which the Company would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the
proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although Mr. Tompkins has no obligation to advance funds to the Company under the terms
of the note, it is anticipated that he may advance funds to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future. As a result,
the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances. Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note
except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred. In the Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically become
due and payable (the Default Date ), and starting from five (5) days after the Default Date, the interest rate on the note
shall accrue at the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount due under the note was 45,000. 

Results of Operations 

The Company has not conducted any active operations
since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 24, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021. It is unlikely the Company will
have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no assurance.
It is management s assertion that these circumstances may hinder the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
Company s plan of operations for the next twelve months shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates. 

The Company, as of December 31, 2022 had 107
in cash and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. In the next 12 months, we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately
 40,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred in relation to the Company s Exchange
Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company vary widely and are dependent on
a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the
target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the transaction
will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors
in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may
be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies a
business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is
currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve
profitable operations. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Accounting estimates are an integral part of the
financial statements prepared by management and are based on management s knowledge and experience about past and current events
and assumptions about future events. Management s estimate of the current portion of note payable - stockholder is based on the
possibility that within one year of the balance sheet date a transaction will occur that requires the Company to repay the note payable.
Management s estimate of the deferred tax benefit arising from the net operating loss carry forwards available to reduce future
federal and state taxable income and the related valuation allowance in the same amount assumes that the Company will be acquired by a
target company and the benefit will not be realized. 

11 

Emerging Growth Company 

As an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act, the Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Fiscal Year 

Our fiscal year ends on December 31. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company defined
by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Please see the financial statements beginning
on page F-1 located in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There are not and have not been any disagreements
between the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope or procedure, or any reportable event as described in paragraph (a)(1)(v) of Item 304 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Form
10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As the Company is a shell company with no or nominal business operations, Mr. Jacobs would immediately become aware of matters that would
require disclosure under the Exchange Act. 

In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, management, with
the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation,
our Principal Executive and Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the
period covered by this Form 10-K. 

12 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent
limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over
financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed
the results of its assessment with our Board of Directors. 

Based on this assessment, management believes that
the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding internal controls over financial reporting. Our
internal control over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Item 10 of Regulation S-K. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the period covered by this 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Control 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations of any control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a
company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Our officers and directors and additional information
concerning each of them are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Ian Jacobs 
 
 46 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Mark Tompkins 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Ian Jacobs has served as the Company s
President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director since inception. Mr. Jacobs has also served as President,
Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as a Director of Patricia Acquisition Corp. since November 9, 2020, of
Aspen-1 Acquisition Inc. since December 10, 2021, and of Surfside Acquisition Inc. since December 10, 2021. Mr. Jacobs previously served
as the President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Max-1 Acquisition Corporation, now known
as Exicure, Inc. [Nasdaq: XCUR], from February 2017 to September 2017, of Lola One Acquisition Corporation, now known as Amesite Inc.
[Nasdaq: AMST], from April 2017 to April 2018, of Peninsula Acquisition Corporation, now known as Transphorm, Inc. [Nasdaq: TGAN], from
June 2017 to February 2020, of Olivia Ventures, Inc., now known as Compass Therapeutics, Inc. [Nasdaq: CMPX], from March 2018 to June
2020, of Malo Holdings Corporation, now known as Augmedix, Inc. [Nasdaq: AUGX], from December 2018 to October 2020, of Odyssey Semiconductor
Technologies, Inc. [OTCQB: ODII], from April 2019 to June 2019, of Parasol Investments Corporation, now known as SmartKem, Inc. [OTCQB:
SMTK], from May 2020 to February 2021, of Parc Investments, Inc., now known as Aeluma, Inc. [OTCQB: ALMU], from August 2020 to June 2021,
of Laffin Acquisition Corp., now known as Guerrilla RF, Inc. [OTCQX: GUER], from November 2020 to October 2021, and of Perfect Moment
Ltd. from January 2021 to March 2021. Mr. Jacobs has also been an associate of Montrose Capital Partners Limited, or Montrose Capital,
since 2008. Montrose Capital is a privately held company, which focuses on identifying public markets venture capital investment opportunities
in high growth early stage companies. Montrose Capital is a sector agnostic privately held firm which has identified and invested, through
its principal owners, in a wide spectrum of global industries, including in biotechnology, specialty pharmaceuticals, medical devices,
robotics, and technology. Mr. Jacobs received a B.S. in Finance from the University of South Florida. Mr. Jacobs past experience
identifying investment opportunities and investing in early stage companies will be beneficial to the Company as its seeks to identify
a business combination target which led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of the Company. 

Mark Tompkins has served as a Director
of the Company since inception. Mr. Tompkins has also served as a Director of Patricia Acquisition Corp. since November 9, 2020, of Aspen-1
Acquisition Inc. since December 10, 2021, and of Surfside Acquisition Inc. since December 10, 2021. Mr. Tompkins previously served as
a Director of Max-1 Acquisition Corporation, now known as Exicure, Inc. [Nasdaq: XCUR], from February 2017 to September 2017, of Lola
One Acquisition Corporation, now known as Amesite Inc. [Nasdaq: AMST], from April 2017 to April 2018, of Peninsula Acquisition Corporation,
now known as Transphorm, Inc. [Nasdaq: TGAN], from June 2017 to February 2020, of Olivia Ventures, Inc., now known as Compass Therapeutics,
Inc. [Nasdaq: CMPX], from March 2018 to June 2020, of Malo Holdings Corporation, now known as Augmedix, Inc. [Nasdaq: AUGX], from December
2018 to October 2020, of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies, Inc. [OTCQB: ODII], from April 2019 to June 2019, of Parasol Investments
Corporation, now known as SmartKem, Inc. [OTCQB: SMTK], from May 2020 to February 2021, of Parc Investments, Inc., now known as Aeluma,
Inc [OTCQB: ALMU], from August 2020 to June 2021, of Laffin Acquisition Corp., now known as Guerrilla RF, Inc. [OTCQX: GUER], from November
2020 to October 2021, and of Perfect Moment Ltd. from January 2021 to March 2021. Mr. Tompkins is a founder of Montrose Capital and has
served as its President since its inception in 2001. Montrose Capital is a privately held company, which focuses on identifying public
markets venture capital investment opportunities in high growth early stage companies. Montrose Capital is a sector agnostic privately
held firm which has identified and invested, through its principal owners, in a wide spectrum of global industries, including in biotechnology,
specialty pharmaceuticals, medical devices, robotics, and technology. Mr. Tompkins past experience identifying investment opportunities
and investing in early stage companies will be beneficial to the Company as its seeks to identify a business combination target which
led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of the Company. 

Significant Employees 

None. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

There have been no events under any bankruptcy
act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity
of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company during the past ten years. 

14 

Committees 

The Company does not have any standing committees. 

Conflicts of Interest 

There are no binding guidelines or procedures
for resolving potential conflicts of interest. Failure by management to resolve conflicts of interest in favor of the Company could result
in liability of management to the Company. However, any attempt by stockholders to enforce a liability of management to the Company would
most likely be prohibitively expensive and time consuming. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company, as of this time, has not adopted
a Code of Ethics pursuant to rules described in Regulation S-K. The Company has two persons who are the only stockholders and who serve
as the directors and officers. The Company has no operations or business and does not receive any revenues or investment capital. The
adoption of a Code of Ethics at this time would not serve the primary purpose of such a code to provide a manner of conduct as the development,
execution and enforcement of such a code would be by the same persons and only persons to whom such code applied. Furthermore, because
the Company does not have any activities, there are no activities or transactions which would be subject to this code. At the time the
Company enters into a business combination, the current officers and directors will recommend to any new management that such a code be
adopted. The Company does not maintain an Internet website on which to post a code of ethics. 

Corporate Governance 

For reasons similar to those described above,
the Company does not have a nominating nor audit committee of the board of directors. At this time, the Company consists of two stockholders
who serve as the corporate directors and officers. The Company has no activities, and receives no revenues. At such time that the Company
enters into a business combination and/or has additional stockholders and a larger board of directors and commences activities, the Company
will propose creating committees of its board of directors, including both a nominating and an audit committee. Because there are only
two stockholders of the Company, there is no established process by which stockholders to the Company can nominate members to the Company s
board of directors. Similarly, however, at such time as the Company has more stockholders and an expanded board of directors, the new
management of the Company may review and implement, as necessary, procedures for stockholder nomination of members to the Company s
board of directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth the cash and other
compensation paid by the Company to its officer and directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from inception (September
24, 2021) through December 31, 2021. 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option Awards 
 All other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Ian Jacobs (1) 
 2022 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Director 
 2021 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Mark Tompkins (2) 
 2022 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

(1) Ian
Jacobs was appointed to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors and as its President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary on September 24, 2021. 

(2) Mark
Tompkins was appointed to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors on September 24, 2021. 

15 

The following compensation discussion addresses
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s named executive officers. The Company s officer and directors
have not received any cash or other compensation since inception through the date of this filing. No compensation of any nature has been
paid for on account of services rendered by an officer or director in such capacity. 

It is possible that, after the Company successfully
consummates a business combination with an unaffiliated entity, that entity may desire to employ or retain members of our management for
the purposes of providing services to the surviving entity. 

No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock
option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees. 

Except as otherwise disclosed herein, there are
currently no understandings or agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company does not have a standing compensation
committee or a committee performing similar functions. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth, as of the date
of this filing, the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each director and named executive officer of the Company and (iii)
all executive officers and directors as a group. 

Name and Address 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Mark Tompkins(1) 
 4,750,000 
 95 
 
 App 1, Via Guidino 23, 6900 
Lugano -Paradiso, Switzerland 

Ian Jacobs(2) 
 250,000 
 5 
 
 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A 

Boca Raton, FL 33431 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (2 individuals) 
 5,000,000 
 100 

Other More than 5 Stockholders: 

N/A 
 - 
 - 

(1) Mark
Tompkins serves as a director of the Company. 

(2) Ian
Jacobs serves as President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The Company has not authorized any securities
for issuance under an equity incentive plan. 

16 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On September 24, 2021, the Company issued (i)
an aggregate of 4,750,000 shares of Common Stock to Mark Tompkins, a director of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price equal to
 475 representing amounts advanced by Mr. Tompkins to counsel for the Company in connection with the formation and organization of the
Company and (ii) an aggregate of 250,000 shares of Common Stock to Ian Jacobs, an officer and director of the Company, for an aggregate
cash purchase price equal to 25, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement with each person.
The Company issued these shares of Common Stock under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On September 24, 2021, in connection with advances
made in connection with costs incurred by the Company, the Company issued a promissory note to Mark Tompkins, a stockholder and director
of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to repay Mr. Tompkins the sum of any and all amounts that Mr. Tompkins may advance
to the Company on or before the date that the Company consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction
or other transaction after which the Company would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The
Company has used the proceeds from the note to cover its expenses. Although Mr. Tompkins has no obligation to advance funds to the Company
under the terms of the note, it is anticipated that he may advance funds to the Company as fees and expenses are incurred in the future.
As a result, the Company issued the note in anticipation of such advances. Interest shall not accrue on the outstanding principal amount
of the note except if an Event of Default (as defined in the note) has occurred. In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note
shall automatically become due and payable (the Default Date ), and starting from five (5) days after the Default Date, the
interest rate on the note shall accrue at the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount due
under the note was 45,000. 

The Company currently uses the office space and
equipment of its management at no cost. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Raich Ende Malter Co.
LLP REM was the Company s independent registered public accounting firm from September 2021 through June 2022. Effective
July 2022, Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. Grassi were appointed as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm. Set below are aggregate fees billed by Grassi and REM for professional services rendered for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021. 

Audit Fees 

The fees for the audit services billed and to
be billed by Grassi and REM for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 23,750, and for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception)
to December 31, 2021, amounted to 9,000. 

Audit-Related Fees 

There were no audit-related fees billed by Grassi
and REM for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021.. 

Tax Fees 

The fees for the tax services billed and to be
billed by Grassi and REM for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the year ended December 31, 2022,
amounted to 2,750 and for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021., amounted to 2,000. 

All Other Fees 

There were no fees billed by Grassi and REM for
other products and services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Process 

The Company does not have a standing audit committee
or a committee performing similar functions. 

17 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

We have filed the following documents as part
of this Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-3 

Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements
 of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception)
 to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules have been omitted because they are
not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is
otherwise included. 

18 

3. Exhibits. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the corresponding numbered exhibit in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws (incorporated by reference from the corresponding numbered exhibit in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference from Item 11 of the Company s registration Statement on Form 10 filed with SEC on December 21, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to Mark Tompkins, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference from the corresponding numbered exhibit in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Mark Tompkins, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference from the corresponding numbered exhibit in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Ian Jacobs, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference from the corresponding numbered exhibit in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

VENETIAN-1 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

By: 
 /s/ Ian Jacobs 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Ian Jacobs 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Tompkins 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Mark Tompkins 

20 

VENETIAN-1
Acquisition Corp. 

December 31, 2022 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Statement 
 
 Page 

Index
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-1 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-3 

Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements
 of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception)
 to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 

Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. 

Boca Raton, Florida 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred losses from inception, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regards to these matters are also described in Note 6. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ GRASSI CO., CPAs, P.C. 

PCAOB # 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2022. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 

Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the period from September 24, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
period from September 24, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred losses from inception that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 6. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Raich Ende Malter Co. LLP 

PCAOB # 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 29, 2022 

F- 3 

VENETIAN-1 ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Note payable - stockholder 

Advances from stockholder 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

VENETIAN-1 ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 period 
 September 24, 
2021 (inception) to 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Revenue 
 -
 
 -

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and dilutive

Loss per share of common stock, basic and dilutive

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

VENTETIAN-1 ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period September 24, 2021 (Inception)
to December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, September 24, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Sale of Class B common stock 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balances December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balances December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

VENETIAN-1 ACQUSITION
CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For
the 
 period 
 September 24, 
 2021 
 (inception) to 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation and organization costs paid by related parties in exchange for common stock 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 
 -

Proceeds from note payable - stockholder 

Proceeds from stockholder advances 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued in exchange for expenses paid by stockholder on behalf of the company 
 -

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 7 

VENETIAN-1 ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

F- 8 

million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the annual revenues equaled or exceeded million during such completed
fiscal year or the market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds million as of the prior June 30. 

shares of preferred stock, par value of , authorized and none issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock, par value of , authorized and has issued shares of its par value common
stock for to the founders of the Company. 

F- 9 

and in gross deferred tax assets resulting from net operating loss carry-forwards of and , respectively, available
to offset future taxable income through 2041 subject to the change in ownership provisions under IRC 382. A valuation allowance has been
recorded to fully offset these deferred tax assets because the Company s management believes future realization of the related tax
benefits is uncertain. 

Valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate, net 

and , respectively. 

and has a
total stockholders deficit of as of December 31, 2022. Management believes these conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following the date these financial statements are issued.
Management intends to finance operations over the next twelve months through additional borrowings on the existing Note. 

F- 10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_venetian1acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Ian Jacobs, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Venetian-1 Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_venetian1acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of Venetian-1
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ian Jacobs, President (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of
the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ian Jacobs 

Ian Jacobs 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal 
 Financial Officer, and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 cik0001900520-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 cik0001900520-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 cik0001900520-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 cik0001900520-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 cik0001900520-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

