<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1572334_0000950170-23-010585.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34708570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>427601</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2645543</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19005446</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3456048</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8176079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010585.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Virginia National Bankshares Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40305
		FILM NUMBER:		23775171

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		404 PEOPLE PLACE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTESVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22911
		BUSINESS PHONE:		434-817-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		404 PEOPLE PLACE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTESVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010585.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 vabk-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the last reported sale price of the common stock quoted on The NASDAQ Capital Market, on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 7 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

Part II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6 
 
 [ Reserved ] 
 30 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 108 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 108 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 108 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 108 

Part III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 109 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 109 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109 

Part IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 111 

Signatures 
 112 

2 

Glossary of Acronyms and Defined Terms 

2005 Plan 
 - 
 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

2014 Plan 
 - 
 2014 Stock Incentive Plan 

2022 Plan 
 - 
 2022 Stock Incentive Plan 

ACH 
 - 
 Automated Clearing House 

ACL 
 - 
 Allowance for credit losses 

Acquired Loans 
 - 
 Loans acquired from Fauquier 

AFS 
 - 
 Available for sale 

ALCO 
 - 
 Asset Liability Committee 

ALLL 
 - 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 

ASC 
 - 
 Accounting Standards Codification 

ASC 326 
 - 
 ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments and Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 

ASC 350 
 - 
 ASC 350, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

ASC 718 
 - 
 ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation 

ASC 820 
 - 
 ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 

ASU 
 - 
 Accounting Standards Update 

ATM 
 - 
 Automated teller machine 

the Bank 
 - 
 Virginia National Bank 

BHCA 
 - 
 Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 

BOLI 
 - 
 Bank-owned life insurance 

bps 
 - 
 Basis points 

CAA 
 - 
 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 

CARES Act 
 - 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 

CAMELS 
 - 
 International rating system bank supervisory authorities use to rate financial institutions 

CBLR 
 - 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio 

CDARS 
 - 
 Certificates of Deposit Account Registry Service 

CECL 
 - 
 Current expected credit losses 

CET1 
 - 
 Common equity tier 1 

CFPB 
 - 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 

Code 
 - 
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 

the Company 
 - 
 Virginia National Bankshares Corporation and its subsidiaries 

COVID-19 
 - 
 Novel coronavirus disease 

CRA 
 - 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 

DEI 
 - 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

DIF 
 - 
 Deposit Insurance Fund 

Dodd-Frank Act 
 - 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 

Effective Date 
 - 
 April 1, 2021C 

EGRRCPA 
 - 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 

EPS 
 - 
 Earnings per common share 

Exchange Act 
 - 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

Fauquier 
 - 
 Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries 

FASB 
 - 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FDIA 
 - 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Act 

FDIC 
 - 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

FDICIA 
 - 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act 

Federal Reserve 
 - 
 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 

Federal Reserve Act 
 - 
 Federal Reserve Act of 1913, as amended 

Federal Reserve Bank or FRB 
 - 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 

FHLB 
 - 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 

FOMC 
 - 
 Federal Reserve Board s Federal Open Market Committee 

Form 10-K 
 - 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 

FTE 
 - 
 Fully taxable equivalent 

GAAP or U.S. GAAP 
 - 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 

3 

ICS 
 - 
 Insured Cash Sweep 

LIBOR 
 - 
 London Interbank Offering Rate 

Masonry Capital 
 - 
 Masonry Capital Management, LLC 

MBS 
 - 
 Mortgage-Backed Securities 

Merger 
 - 
 Mergers of Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. and The Fauquier Bank with and into the Company and the Bank, respectively 

Merger Agreement 
 - 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization between the Company and Fauquier dated September 30, 2020, including a related Plan of Merger 

Nasdaq 
 - 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC 

NOW 
 - 
 Negotiable order of withdrawal 

NPA 
 - 
 Nonperforming assets 

OCC 
 - 
 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

OFAC 
 - 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control 

OREO 
 - 
 Other real estate owned 

OTTI 
 - 
 Other than temporary impairment 

PCA 
 - 
 Prompt Corrective Action 

PCI 
 - 
 Purchased credit impaired 

PII 
 - 
 Personally identifiable information 

PPP 
 - 
 Paycheck Protection Program 

Reorganization 
 - 
 Reorganization Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange dated March 6, 2013 between the Bank and the Company 

SBA 
 - 
 Small Business Administration 

SCC 
 - 
 Virginia State Corporation Commission 

SEC 
 - 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

Securities Act 
 - 
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

SOFR 
 - 
 Secured Overnight Funding Rate 

Sturman Wealth 
 - 
 Sturman Wealth Advisors 

TDR 
 - 
 Troubled debt restructuring 

TFB 
 - 
 The Fauquier Bank 

Topic 606 
 - 
 ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 

VNBTrust 
 - 
 VNBTrust, National Association 

4 

Forward-Looking Statements and Factors that Could Affect Future Results 
 Certain statements contained or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to, statements concerning future results of operations or financial position, borrowing capacity and future liquidity, future investment results, future credit exposure, future loan losses, plans and objectives for future operations, changes in laws and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, adequacy of funding sources, actuarial expected benefit payments, valuation of foreclosed assets, regulatory requirements, economic environment and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts. Such statements are often characterized by use of qualified words such as expect, believe, estimate, project, anticipate, intend, will, should, or words of similar meaning or other statements concerning the opinions or judgment of the Company and its management about future events. These statements are not historical facts but instead are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and represent only management s belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside management s control. Any forward-looking statements made by the Company speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. The Company s actual results and financial position may differ materially from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company makes no commitment to update or revise forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events or changes in expectations. 
 Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 inflation, interest rates, market and monetary fluctuations; 

liquidity and capital requirements; 

market disruptions including pandemics or significant health hazards, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises, war and other military conflicts (including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine) or other major events, the governmental and societal responses thereto, or the prospect of these events; 

changes, particularly declines, in general economic and market conditions in the local economies in which the Company operates, including the effects of declines in real estate values; 

the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve; 

the impact of changes in laws, regulations and guidance related to financial services including, but not limited to, taxes, banking, securities and insurance; 

changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; 

the financial condition of the Company s borrowers; 

the Company's ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified employees; 

an increase in unemployment levels; 

competitive pressures on loan and deposit pricing and demand; 

fluctuation in asset quality; 

assumptions that underlie the Company s ALLL/ACL; 

the value of securities held in the Company's investment portfolio; 

performance of assets under management; 

cybersecurity threats or attacks and the development and maintenance of reliable electronic systems; 

changes in technology and their impact on the marketing of new products and services and the acceptance of these products and services by new and existing customers; 

the willingness of customers to substitute competitors products and services for the Company s products and services; 

5 

the risks and uncertainties described from time to time in the Company s press releases and filings with the SEC; and 

the Company s performance in managing the risks involved in any of the foregoing. 

More information on factors that could affect the Company s forward-looking statements is included under Item 1A. Risk Factors. The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive, and the Company is not obligated to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time. 
 
 6 

Part I 
 Item 1. B USINESS. 
 General 
 The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia on February 21, 2013 at the direction of the Board of Directors of the Bank for the purpose of acquiring all of the outstanding shares of the Bank and becoming the holding company of the Bank. On June 19, 2013, the shareholders of the Bank approved the Reorganization Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange, dated March 6, 2013, whereby the Bank would reorganize into a holding company structure. On December 16, 2013, when the Reorganization became effective, the Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and each share of the Bank s common stock was exchanged for one share of the Company s common stock. 
 The Company is regulated under the BHCA and is subject to inspection, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve. The Company is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC and is subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Exchange Act as administered by the SEC. 
 Virginia National Bank, the principal operating subsidiary of the Company, was organized in 1998 under federal law as a national banking association to engage in a general commercial and retail banking business. The Bank received its charter from the OCC and commenced operations on July 29, 1998. The Bank received fiduciary powers in January 2000. The Bank s deposits are insured up to the maximum amount provided by the FDIC. 
 Prior to July 2018, the Bank had one wholly owned subsidiary, VNBTrust, a national trust bank formed in 2007. Effective July 1, 2018, VNBTrust was merged into the Bank. The Bank continues to offer trust and estate administration services under the name of VNB Trust and Estate Services. The Bank offered wealth and investment advisory services under the name Sturman Wealth Advisors, formerly known as VNB Investment Services, until the sale of the business line effective December 19, 2022. 
 The Bank, through its financial subsidiary Fauquier Bank Services, Inc., has equity ownership interests in Bankers Insurance, LLC, a Virginia independent insurance company, and Bankers Title Shenandoah, LLC, a title insurance company, both of which are owned by a consortium of Virginia community banks. 
 The Bank has another subsidiary, Special Properties Acquisition - VA, LLC, which was originally formed by Fauquier to hold other real estate owned; however, there are no assets currently held by this subsidiary. 
 The Bank is subject to the supervision, examination and regulations of the OCC and is also subject to regulations of the FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the CFPB. 
 During 2018, the Company formed Masonry Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment advisor, which offers investment advisory and management services to clients through separately managed accounts and a private investment fund. The Company believes the formation of Masonry Capital allows the Company to offer its investment strategy to a wider range of clients. 
 References to the Company s subsidiaries in this document include both the Bank and Masonry Capital. 
 In addition, the Company owns Fauquier Statutory Trust II Trust II ), which is an unconsolidated subsidiary. The subordinated debt owed to Trust II is reported as a liability of the Company. 
 The main offices of the Company, the Bank, Masonry Capital and VNB Trust Estate Services, as well as corporate and Bank operations, are located in Charlottesville, Virginia. 
 Merger with Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. and The Fauquier Bank 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company merged with Fauquier, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September 30, 2020, including a related Plan of Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Fauquier shareholders received 0.675 shares of Company stock for each share of Fauquier common stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares, resulting in the Company issuing 2,571,213 shares of common stock. In connection with the transaction, TFB, Fauquier's wholly-owned bank subsidiary, was merged with and into the Bank. Refer to Note 2 - Business Combinations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for further detail on the accounting policy for business combinations, fair values of assets and liabilities assumed, assumptions used in determining the fair values of assets and liabilities and the resulting goodwill. 
 7 

Products and Services 
 The Bank offers a full range of banking and related financial services, including checking accounts, NOW accounts, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, CDARS , ICS and other depository services. The Bank actively solicits such accounts from individuals, businesses and charitable organizations within its trade areas. Other services offered by the Bank include ATMs, internet banking, treasury and cash management services and merchant card services. In addition, the Bank is affiliated with Visa and MasterCard , which are accepted worldwide, and offers debit cards to consumer and business customers. 
 The Bank also offers short to long term commercial, real estate and consumer loans. The Bank is committed to being a reliable and consistent source of credit, providing loans that are priced based upon an overall banking relationship, easy access to the Bank s local decision makers who possess strong local market knowledge, local delivery, fast response, and continuity in the banking relationship. 
 Trust and estate administration services are offered through VNB Trust and Estate Services. 
 Investment management services are offered through Masonry Capital, whose flagship product for separately managed accounts and a private investment fund employs a value-based, catalyst-driven investment strategy. The financial instruments used include common and preferred stock, corporate bonds, bank loans and other debt securities, convertible securities, Exchange Traded Funds, options, warrants and cash equivalents. 
 The Company primarily serves the Virginia communities in and around the cities of Charlottesville, Winchester, Manassas and Richmond, and the counties of Albemarle, Fauquier, Frederick and Prince William. Refer to Item 2. Properties for additional information regarding locations. The Bank s locations are well-positioned in attractive markets. Within its market areas, there are various types of industry including higher education, medical and professional services, research and development companies and retail. 
 Competition 
 The Company engages in highly competitive activities. Each activity involves competition with other banks, as well as with non-banking enterprises that offer financial products and services that compete directly with the Company s product and service offerings. The Company actively competes with other banks in its efforts to obtain deposits and make loans, in the scope and types of services offered, in interest rates paid on time deposits and charged on loans, and in other aspects of banking. 
 In addition to competing with other community and commercial banks within and outside its primary service areas, the Company competes with other institutions engaged in the business of making loans or accepting deposits, such as credit unions, insurance companies, small loan companies, finance companies, fintech companies, certain governmental agencies and other enterprises. Competition for deposits and loans is affected by various factors including, without limitation, interest rates offered, the number and location of branches and types of products offered, digital capabilities, and the reputation of the institution. Credit unions increasingly have been allowed to expand their membership definitions, and because they enjoy a favorable tax status, they have been able to offer more attractive loan and deposit pricing. 
 The market areas served by the Company are highly competitive with respect to banking. Competition for loans to businesses and professionals is intense, and pricing is important. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Company and offer certain services such as extensive and established branch networks that the Company does not expect to match. Deposit competition is also very strong. Management believes, however, that a market exists for the personal and customized financial services an independent, community bank can offer. 
 Social 
 In an effort to develop young talent in the financial industry, the Company has created the Finance Career Leadership Academy (FCLA), which is an instructional program designed to not only provide advanced personal finance and employment readiness training, but also a path to career opportunities in banking for high school juniors and seniors within our communities. The FCLA runs as an in-person series of classroom meetings, currently held in Charlottesville and Warrenton, Virginia. This program is offered free-of-charge to those students accepted into the FCLA. Up to eight students are accepted into each session. The program provides quality financial training that gives young people the perspective and tools necessary to level the economic playing field and make responsible financial decisions. Also, included in the curriculum is a comprehensive study of employment readiness and professionalism concepts and strategies aimed to increase the marketability and employability of the participants. In order to begin a successful career and have a successful financial future, these young adults must be prepared to effectively communicate with a multi-generational workforce and have the skills necessary to manage their own finances intelligently and productively. 
 8 

Employees 
 The Company has a shared vision of guiding principles, core values and strategies that work and have guided the Company through both good and challenging times. The Company strives to ensure that its constituents believe in it as well, including its shareholders, customers, board, executive management and high performing employees. The Company believes that the shared vision, when properly aligned and communicated to all constituents, will produce more than above average performance in key metrics. As part of the shared vision, the Company is dedicated and committed to its shareholders, customers, employees and communities. A critical part of this dedication and commitment is attracting and retaining high performing employees who desire to enrich the lives of customers and communities the Company serves. To attract and retain high performing employees, the Company provides a competitive compensation and benefits program, including wellness benefits. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 157 full time equivalent employees, of which 9 were part-time employees. None of its employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit. The Company considers relations with its employees to be good. We strive for our workforce to reflect the diversity of the customers and communities we serve. Our selection and promotion process are without bias and include the active recruitment of minorities and women. At December 31, 2022, women represented 72 of our employees and racial and ethnic minorities represented 19 of our employees. We also aim for our employees to develop their careers in our businesses. At December 31, 2022, 35 of our employees have been employed by the Company or its subsidiaries for at least 10 years. 
 The Company owns BOLI policies on each executive officer and certain other senior officers of the Company. BOLI is a bank-eligible asset designed to recover costs of providing pre- and post-retirement benefits and/or to finance general employee benefit expenses. Under BOLI policies, each executive officer and certain other senior officers of the Company are the insured, and the Company is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. The insured has no claim to the insurance policy or to the policy s cash value. Under separate split dollar agreements, a portion of any death benefit may be paid to the beneficiaries of the insured officer, subject to the terms and restrictions of the split dollar endorsement agreement between the insured officer and the Company. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The Company and the Bank are extensively regulated under both federal and state laws. The following description briefly addresses certain historic and current provisions of federal and state laws and certain regulations, proposed regulations and the potential impacts on the Company and the Bank. To the extent statutory or regulatory provisions or proposals are described in this report, the description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory or regulatory provisions or proposals. 
 The Company 
 General . As a bank holding company registered under the BHCA, the Company is subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is also registered under the bank holding company laws of Virginia and is subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by the Bureau of Financial Institutions of the Virginia State Corporation Commission. 
 Permitted Activities . The permitted activities of a bank holding company are limited to managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries, and engaging in other activities that the Federal Reserve determines by regulation or order to be so closely related to banking, or managing or controlling banks, as to be a proper incident thereto. In determining whether a particular activity is permissible, the Federal Reserve must consider whether the performance of such an activity reasonably can be expected to produce benefits to the public that outweigh possible adverse effects. Possible benefits include greater convenience, increased competition, and gains in efficiency. Possible adverse effects include undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest, and unsound banking practices. Despite prior approval, the Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable cause to believe that a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company may result from such an activity. 
 
 9 

Banking Acquisitions; Changes in Control . The BHCA and related regulations require, among other things, the prior approval of the Federal Reserve in any case where a bank holding company proposes to (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the outstanding voting stock of any bank or bank holding company (unless it already owns a majority of such voting shares), (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed acquisition, the Federal Reserve will consider, among other factors, the following: the effect of the acquisition on competition; the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition; any outstanding regulatory compliance issues of any institution that is a party to the transaction; the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis; the financial condition of each institution that is a party to the transaction and of the combined institution after the transaction; the parties managerial resources, as well as risk management and governance processes and systems; the parties compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements; and the acquiring institution s performance under the CRA and its compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws. 
 On July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy, which, among other initiatives, encouraged the review of current practices and adoption of a plan for the revitalization of merger oversight under the BHCA and the Bank Merger Act. Making any formal changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers would require an extended process, and any such changes are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. However, the adoption of more expansive or stringent standards may have an impact on the Company s acquisition activity. Additionally, this Executive Order could influence the federal bank regulatory agencies expectations and supervisory oversight for banking acquisitions. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with the applicable regulations, require Federal Reserve approval (or, depending on the circumstances, no notice of disapproval) prior to any person or company s acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company. A conclusive presumption of control exists if an individual or company acquires the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of an insured depository institution or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of any insured depository institution. A rebuttable presumption of control may exist if a person or company acquires 5 or more but less than 25 of any class of voting securities and certain other relationships are present between the investor and the bank holding company, or if certain other ownership thresholds for voting or total equity have been exceeded. 
 In addition, Virginia law requires the prior approval of the SCC for (i) the acquisition by a Virginia bank holding company of more than 5 of the voting shares of a Virginia bank or a Virginia bank holding company, or (ii) the acquisition by any other person of control of a Virginia bank holding company or a Virginia bank. 
 Source of Strength . Federal Reserve policy has historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to depositors and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 Safety and Soundness . There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks by law and regulatory policy that are designed to minimize potential loss to the depositors of such depository institutions and the FDIC insurance fund in the event of a depository institution insolvency, receivership, or default. For example, under the Federal Deposit Insurance Company Improvement Act of 1991, to avoid receivership of an insured depository institution subsidiary, a bank holding company is required to guarantee the compliance of any subsidiary bank that may become undercapitalized with the terms of any capital restoration plan filed by such subsidiary with its appropriate federal bank regulatory agency up to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 of the institution s total assets at the time the institution became undercapitalized, or (ii) the amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all applicable capital standards as of the time the institution fails to comply with such capital restoration plan. 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards relating to capital management, internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, information systems, data security, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure and risk management, vendor management, corporate governance, and asset growth, as well as compensation, fees, and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. 
 10 

Capital Requirements . The Federal Reserve imposes certain capital requirements on bank holding companies under the BHCA, including a minimum leverage ratio and a minimum ratio of qualifying capital to risk-weighted assets. These requirements are described below under The Bank Capital Requirements. Subject to its capital requirements and certain other restrictions, the Company is able to borrow money to make a capital contribution to the Bank, and such loans may be repaid from dividends paid by the Bank to the Company. 
 Limits on Dividends and Other Payments . The Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. A significant portion of the revenues of the Company result from dividends paid to it by the Bank. There are various legal limitations applicable to the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company and to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders. The Bank is subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions on its ability to pay dividends to the Company. The OCC has advised that a national bank should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Under current regulations, prior regulatory approval is required if cash dividends declared by the Bank in any given year exceed net income for that year, plus retained net profits of the two preceding years. The payment of dividends by the Bank or the Company may be limited by other factors, such as requirements to maintain capital above regulatory guidelines. Bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit the Bank or the Company from engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its respective business. The payment of dividends, depending on the financial condition of the Bank or the Company, could be deemed to constitute such an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 Under the FDIA, insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, are prohibited from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distributions, the institution would become undercapitalized (as such term is used in the statute). Based on the Bank s current financial condition, the Company does not expect that this provision will have any impact on its ability to receive dividends from the Bank. 
 In addition, the Company s ability to pay dividends is limited by restrictions imposed by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act on Virginia corporations. In general, dividends paid by a Virginia corporation may be paid only if, after giving effect to the distribution, (i) the corporation is still able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or (ii) the corporation s total assets are greater than or equal to the sum of its total liabilities plus (unless the corporation s articles of incorporation permit otherwise) the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights, upon the dissolution, of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 
 The Bank 
 General . The Bank is supervised and regularly examined by the OCC. The various laws and regulations administered by the OCC and the other bank regulatory agencies affect corporate practices, such as the payment of dividends, incurrence of debt, and acquisition of financial institutions and other companies; they also affect business practices, such as the payment of interest on deposits, the charging of interest on loans, types of business conducted and location of offices. Certain of these laws and regulations are referenced above under The Company. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements . The OCC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies have issued risk-based and leverage capital guidelines applicable to U.S. banking organizations. Those regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels because of its financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 
 The OCC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules to implement the Basel III capital framework as outlined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and standards for calculating risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital measurements (collectively, the Basel III Final Rules) that apply to banking institutions they supervise. For the purposes of these capital rules, (i) CET1 capital consists principally of common stock (including surplus) and retained earnings; (ii) Tier 1 capital consists principally of CET1 plus non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, and certain grandfathered cumulative preferred stocks and trust preferred securities; and (iii) Tier 2 capital consists of other capital instruments, principally qualifying subordinated debt and preferred stock, and limited amounts of an institution s allowance for loan losses. Each regulatory capital classification is subject to certain adjustments and limitations, as implemented by the Basel III Final Rules. The Basel III Final Rules also establish risk weightings that are applied to many classes of assets held by community banks, importantly including applying higher risk weightings to certain commercial real estate loans. The Basel III Final Rules also include a requirement that banks maintain additional capital known as the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 11 

The Basel III Final Rules and capital conservation buffer require banks and bank holding companies to maintain: 
 i. a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (which is added to the minimum CET1 ratio, effectively resulting in a required ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0 ); 

ii. a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a required Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); 

iii. a minimum ratio of total (that is, Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a required total capital ratio of 10.5 ), and 

iv. a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total assets, subject to certain adjustments and limitations. 

The Basel III Final Rules permanently include in Tier 1 capital trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 by bank holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets, subject to a limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital. The Company expects that its trust preferred securities will be included in the Company s regulatory capital as Tier 1 capital instruments until their maturity. 
 The Tier 1, CET1, total capital to risk-weighted assets, and leverage ratios of the Company were 17.07 , 17.07 , 17.63 and 9.77 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, thus exceeding the minimum requirements. The Tier 1, CET1, total capital to risk-weighted assets, and leverage ratios of the Bank were 16.82 , 16.82 , 17.38 and 9.62 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, also exceeding the minimum requirements. 
 With respect to the Bank, to be well capitalized under the revised prompt corrective action regulations, a bank must have the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a CET1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.0 ; (iii) a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10.0 ; and (iv) a leverage ratio of at least 5.0 . The Bank exceeds the thresholds to be considered well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. See Prompt Corrective Action below. 
 On September 17, 2019 the FDIC finalized a rule that introduced an optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations, referred to as the community bank leverage ratio framework, as required by the EGRRCPA. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. 
 In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 , less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance-sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the prompt corrective action regulations and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital under the Basel III Final Rules. 
 The Company has not opted into the CBLR framework. 
 Prompt Corrective Action . Federal banking regulators are authorized and, under certain circumstances, required to take certain actions against banks that fail to meet their capital requirements. The federal bank regulatory agencies have additional enforcement authority with respect to undercapitalized depository institutions. Well capitalized institutions may generally operate without additional supervisory restriction. With respect to adequately capitalized institutions, such banks (i) cannot normally pay dividends or make any capital contributions that would leave it undercapitalized, (ii) cannot pay a management fee to a controlling person if, after paying the fee, it would be undercapitalized, and (iii) cannot accept, renew, or roll over any brokered deposit unless the bank has applied for and been granted a waiver by the FDIC. 
 Immediately upon becoming undercapitalized, a depository institution becomes subject to the provisions of Section 38 of the FDIA, which: (i) restrict payment of capital distributions and management fees; (ii) require that the appropriate federal banking agency monitor the condition of the institution and its efforts to restore its capital; (iii) require submission of a capital restoration plan; (iv) restrict the growth of the institution s assets; and (v) require prior approval of certain expansion proposals. The appropriate federal banking agency for an undercapitalized institution also may take any number of discretionary supervisory actions if the agency determines that any of these actions is necessary to resolve the problems of the institution at the least possible long-term cost to the DIF, subject in certain cases to specified procedures. These discretionary supervisory actions include: (a) requiring the institution to raise additional capital; (b) restricting transactions with affiliates; (c) requiring divestiture of the institution or the sale of the institution to a willing purchaser; and (d) any other supervisory action that the agency deems appropriate. These and additional mandatory and permissive supervisory actions may be taken with respect to significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized institutions. The Bank met the definition of being well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. 
 12 

As described above in The Bank Capital Requirements, the capital rules issued by the OCC incorporate new requirements into the prompt corrective action framework. 
 Deposit Insurance. The deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC and are subject to deposit insurance assessments based on average total assets minus average tangible equity to maintain the DIF. The basic limit on FDIC deposit insurance coverage is 250 thousand per depositor. Under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations as an insured depository institution, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC, subject to administrative and potential judicial hearing and review processes. An institution s assessment rate is based on a statistical analysis of financial ratios that estimates the likelihood of failure over a three-year period, which considers the institution s weighted average CAMELS component rating. The CAMELS component is a supervisory rating system designed to reflect financial and operational risks that a bank may face, including capital adequacy, asset quality, management capability, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market risk. In 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed 511 thousand and 858 thousand, respectively, in deposit insurance assessments. 
 In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule that increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. Further rate increases may occur in the future, including as a result of two prominent regional bank failures in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Transactions with Affiliates . Pursuant to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W, the authority of the Bank to engage in transactions with related parties or affiliates or to make loans to insiders is limited. Loan transactions with an affiliate generally must be collateralized and certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates, including the sale of assets, the payment of money or the provision of services, must be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing for comparable nonaffiliated transactions. In addition, the Bank generally may not purchase securities issued or underwritten by affiliates. 
 Loans to executive officers, directors, or to any person who directly or indirectly, or acting through or in concert with one or more persons, owns, controls, or has the power to vote more than 10 of any class of voting securities of a bank, are subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and their corresponding regulations (Regulation O) and Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act relating to the prohibition on personal loans to executives (which exempts financial institutions in compliance with the insider lending restrictions of Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act). Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially the same as those prevailing on transactions made to unaffiliated individuals and certain extensions of credit to those persons must first be approved in advance by a disinterested majority of the entire Board of Directors. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act prohibits loans to any of those individuals where the aggregate amount exceeds an amount equal to 15 of an institution s unimpaired capital and surplus plus an additional 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus in the case of loans that are fully secured by readily marketable collateral, or when the aggregate amount on all of the extensions of credit outstanding to all of these persons would exceed the Bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act identifies limited circumstances in which the Bank is permitted to extend credit to executive officers. 
 Community Reinvestment Act . The Bank is subject to the requirements of the CRA. The CRA imposes on financial institutions an affirmative and ongoing obligation to meet the credit needs of the local communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking agency, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the bank s record in meeting such credit needs. In addition, in order for a bank holding company, like the Company, to commence any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, or to acquire any company engaged in any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the bank holding company must have received a rating of at least satisfactory in its most recent examination under the CRA. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial non-compliance. The Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating in its most recent examination. 
 In May 2022, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposed rule intended to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory framework. If implemented, the rule would, among other things, (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. 
 Confidentiality of Customer Information . The Company and the Bank are subject to various laws and regulations that address the privacy of nonpublic personal financial information of customers. A financial institution must provide to its customers information regarding its policies and procedures with respect to the handling of customers personal information. Each institution must conduct an internal risk assessment of its ability to protect customer information. These privacy laws and regulations generally prohibit a financial institution from providing a customer s personal financial information to unaffiliated parties without prior notice and approval from the customer. 
 13 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Regulations. The Company is subject to several federal laws that are designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities AML laws ). This category of laws includes the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020. 
 The AML laws and their implementing regulations require insured depository institutions, broker-dealers, and certain other financial institutions to have policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The AML laws and their regulations also provide for information sharing, subject to conditions, between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, for counter-terrorism purposes. Federal banking regulators are required, when reviewing bank holding company acquisition and bank merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering activities of the applicants. To comply with these obligations, the Company has implemented appropriate internal practices, procedures, and controls. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control. OFAC which is a division of the U.S. Treasury, is responsible for helping to ensure that United States entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. If the Bank finds a name of an enemy of the United States on any transaction, account, or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must freeze such account or place transferred funds into a blocked account, and report it to OFAC. Failure to comply with OFAC requirements could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences for the Company. 
 Stress Testing. The federal banking agencies have implemented stress testing requirements for certain large or risky financial institutions, including bank holding companies and state-chartered banks and they emphasize that all banking organizations, regardless of size, should have the capacity to analyze the potential effect of adverse market conditions or outcomes on the organization s financial condition. Based on existing regulatory guidance, the Company and the Bank are expected to consider the institution s interest rate risk management, commercial real estate loan concentrations and other credit-related information, and funding and liquidity management during this analysis of adverse market conditions or outcomes. 
 Volcker Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act and regulations under that act prohibit insured depository institutions and their affiliates, except as permitted under certain limited circumstances, from (i) engaging in short-term proprietary trading for their own accounts and (ii) having certain ownership interests in, and relationships with, hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker Rule did not have a material impact on the Company's operations or financial position in 2022 or 2021. 
 Consumer Financial Protection . The Bank is subject to a number of other federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern its relationship with its customers. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, laws governing flood insurance, federal and state laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive business practices, foreclosure laws, and various regulations that implement some or all of the foregoing. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans, and providing other services. If the Bank fails to comply with these laws and regulations, it may be subject to various penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Bank may wish to pursue or being prohibited from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating a new agency, the CFPB, and giving it responsibility for implementing, examining, and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB focuses on (i) risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws; (ii) the markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets; (iii) depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services; and (iv) non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services. The CFPB is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws for institutions with more than 10 billion of assets. While the Bank, like all banks, is subject to federal consumer protection rules enacted by the CFPB, because the Company and the Bank have total consolidated assets of 10 billion or less, the OCC oversees the application to the Bank of most consumer protection aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act and other laws and regulations. 
 The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with a consumer s ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or take unreasonable advantage of a consumer s (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to 
 14 

act in the consumer s interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. Further, regulatory positions taken by the CFPB with respect to financial institutions with more than 10 billion in assets may influence how other regulatory agencies apply the subject consumer financial protection laws and regulations. 
 Mortgage Banking Regulation. In connection with making mortgage loans, the Company and the Bank are subject to rules and regulations that, among other things, establish standards for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective borrowers, in some cases restrict certain loan features and fix maximum interest rates and fees, require the disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services to the reasonable value of the services rendered, and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition of mortgage applications based on race, gender, geographical distribution and income level. The Company and the Bank are also subject to rules and regulations that require the collection and reporting of significant amounts of information with respect to mortgage loans and borrowers. 
 The Company s and the Bank s mortgage origination activities are subject to Regulation Z, which implements the Truth in Lending Act. Certain provisions of Regulation Z require creditors to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Creditors are required to determine consumers ability to repay in one of two ways. The first alternative requires the creditor to consider the following eight underwriting factors when making the credit decision: (i) current or reasonably expected income or assets; (ii) current employment status; (iii) the monthly payment on the covered transaction; (iv) the monthly payment on any simultaneous loan; (v) the monthly payment for mortgage-related obligations; (vi) current debt obligations, alimony, and child support; (vii) the monthly debt-to-income ratio or residual income; and (viii) credit history. Alternatively, the creditor can originate qualified mortgages, which are entitled to a presumption that the creditor making the loan satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. In general, a qualified mortgage is a mortgage loan without negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, or terms exceeding 30 years. In addition, to be a qualified mortgage, the points and fees paid by a consumer cannot exceed 3 of the total loan amount, and the consumer s debt-to-income ratio DTI must be below the prescribed threshold. Qualified mortgages that are higher-priced (e.g. subprime loans) garner a rebuttable presumption of compliance with the ability-to-repay rules, while qualified mortgages that are not higher-priced (e.g. prime loans) are given a safe harbor of compliance. Small creditors, as described below, may originate qualified mortgages that are not restricted by the specific DTI threshold (however, the DTI must still be considered). Small creditors are those financial institutions that meet the following requirements: (i) have assets below 2 billion (adjustable annually by CFPB); (ii) originated no more than 2 thousand first-lien, closed-end residential mortgages subject to the ability-to-repay requirements in the preceding calendar year; and (iii) hold the qualified mortgage loan in its portfolio after origination. The Company, as a small creditor, does comply with the qualified mortgage rules and the other applicable Truth in Lending requirements. 
 Incentive Compensation . Federal banking agencies have issued regulatory guidance (the Incentive Compensation Guidance) intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The FDIC will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Bank, that are not large, complex banking organizations. The findings will be included in reports of examination, and deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 In 2016, the SEC and the federal banking agencies proposed rules that prohibit covered financial institutions (including bank holding companies and banks) from establishing or maintaining incentive-based compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risk taking by providing covered persons (consisting of senior executive officers and significant risk takers, as defined in the rules) with excessive compensation, fees or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the financial institution. The proposed rules outline factors to be considered when analyzing whether compensation is excessive and whether an incentive-based compensation arrangement encourages inappropriate risks that could lead to material loss to the covered financial institution, and establishes minimum requirements that incentive-based compensation arrangements must meet to be considered to not encourage inappropriate risks and to appropriately balance risk and reward. The proposed rules also impose additional corporate governance requirements on the boards of directors of covered financial institutions and impose additional record-keeping requirements. The comment period for these proposed rules has closed and a final rule has not yet been published. 
 15 

In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges and associations, including Nasdaq, the exchange on which the Company s common stock is listed, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. In February 2023, Nasdaq posted its initial rule filing with the SEC to implement this directive. The final rule will require the Company to adopt a clawback policy that is compliant with the new listing standard within 60 days after such standard becomes effective. 
 Cybersecurity . The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a financial institution s board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The federal bank regulatory agencies expect financial institutions to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyberattack. If the Company or the Bank fails to meet the expectations set forth in this regulatory guidance, the Company or the Bank could be subject to various regulatory actions, including financial penalties. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats and the expanding use of technology-based products and services. The Company is, however, taking measures to combat these types of threats and manage risk to the Company and its customers. 
 On November 18, 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule to improve the sharing of information about cyber incidents that may affect the U.S. banking system. The rule requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator of any significant computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that a cyber incident has occurred. Notification is required for incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the viability of a banking organization s operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. In addition, the rule requires a bank service provider to notify affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect banking organization customers for four or more hours. Compliance with the final rule was required by May 1, 2022. The Company does not anticipate any material impact to its respective operations at this time. With increased focus on cybersecurity, the Company and the Bank continue to monitor legislative, regulatory and supervisory developments related thereto. 
 Future Regulation 
 From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company and the Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company or the Bank. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 The Company s operations are affected not only by general economic conditions but also by the policies of various regulatory authorities. In particular, the Federal Reserve uses monetary policy tools to impact money market and credit market conditions and interest rates to influence general economic conditions. These policies have a significant impact on overall growth and distribution of loans, investments, and deposits; they affect market interest rates charged on loans or paid for time and savings deposits. Federal Reserve monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks, including the Company, in the past and are expected to do so in the future. 
 After an extended period of low interest rates, market interest rates began to rise during 2022. During the first quarter of 2022, the FOMC began to increase its federal funds target rates to a range of 25 bps to 50 bps, which was the first increase since December 2018. The FOMC further increased the target rates throughout 2022 and early 2023 to its current range of 4.75 to 5.00 . 
 16 

Reporting Obligations under Securities Laws; Availability of Information 
 The Company is subject to the periodic and other reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of annual, quarterly and other reports with the SEC. Prior to the Reorganization in 2013, the Bank filed the periodic and annual reports required under the Exchange Act with the OCC. Annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, plus any amendments to these reports, are available, free of charge, at www.vnbcorp.com . The Company s SEC filings are posted and available as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed electronically with the SEC. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated into this report or any other filing the Company makes with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 17 

Item 1A. RIS K FACTORS. 
 The Company s business is subject to risk. The following discussion, along with management s discussion and analysis and the financial statements and footnotes, sets forth the most significant risks and uncertainties that management believes could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or that management currently deems immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. There is no assurance that this discussion covers all potential risks that the Company faces. 
 
 Credit Risks 
 The Company s credit standards and its on-going credit assessment processes might not protect it from significant credit losses. 
 The Company assumes credit risk by virtue of making loans and extending loan commitments and letters of credit. The Company manages credit risk through a program of underwriting standards, the review of certain credit decisions and a continuous quality assessment process of credit already extended. The Company s exposure to credit risk is managed through the use of consistent underwriting standards that emphasize local lending while avoiding highly leveraged transactions, as well as excessive industry and other concentrations. The Company s credit administration function employs risk management techniques to help ensure that problem loans are promptly identified. While these procedures are designed to provide the Company with the information needed to implement policy adjustments where necessary and to take appropriate corrective actions, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in avoiding undue credit risk. 
 
 The Bank s ALLL/ACL may be insufficient and any increases in the ACL may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Bank has historically maintained an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, that represents the Bank s best estimate of probable losses that will be incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 The level of the allowance reflects management s evaluation of the level of loans outstanding, the level of nonperforming loans, historical loan loss experience, delinquency trends, underlying collateral values, the amount of actual losses charged to the reserve in a given period and assessment of present and anticipated economic conditions. The determination of the appropriate level of the ALLL inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Bank to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Although the Bank believes the ALLL is a reasonable estimate of known and inherent losses in the loan portfolio, it cannot precisely predict such losses or be certain that the loan loss allowance will be adequate in the future. Deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside the Bank s control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies and the Bank s auditors periodically review its ALLL and may require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Further, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, the Bank will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses. 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASC 326, more commonly referred to as CECL, which replaces existing accounting principles for the recognition of loan losses based on losses that have been incurred with a requirement to record an allowance for credit losses that represents expected credit losses over the lifetime of all loans in the Company s portfolio. Under ASC 326, the Company s estimate of expected credit losses will be based on reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions and loan performance. While the adoption of ASC 326 will not affect ultimate loan performance or cash flows of the Company from making loans, the period in which expected credit losses affect net income of the Company may not be similar to the recognition of loan losses under prior accounting guidance, and recognizing an allowance based on expected credit losses may create more volatility in the level of our ACL and our results of operations, including based on volatility in economic forecasts and our expectations of loan performance in future periods, as actual results may differ materially from our estimates. If we are required to materially increase our level of ACL for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 18 

The Company s focus on lending to small to mid-sized community-based businesses may increase its credit risk. 
 Most of the Company s commercial business and commercial real estate loans are made to small and mid-sized businesses and non-profits. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions. If general economic conditions in the market areas in which the Company operates negatively impact this important customer sector, the Company s results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Moreover, a portion of these loans have been made by the Company in recent years and the borrowers may not have experienced a complete business or economic cycle. Any deterioration of the borrowers businesses may hinder their ability to repay their loans with the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Steps to mitigate such risks include underwriting multiple sources of repayment, including but not limited to, business cash flow, personal guarantees, collateral, and government guarantees, where applicable. Although the Company has taken these mitigation steps, there is no guarantee that such practices will be effective to prevent the increased credit risk. 
 
 The Company s concentration in loans secured by real estate may increase its future credit losses, which would negatively affect the Company s financial results. 
 The Company offers a variety of secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, consumer and other loans. Credit risk and credit losses can increase if its loans are concentrated to borrowers who, as a group, may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 83.5 of the Company s loans are secured by real estate, both residential and commercial. The Company has established concentration limits that are regularly monitored by management and reported to the Board. A major change in the real estate market in the regions in which the Company operates, resulting in a deterioration in real estate values, or in the local or national economy, including changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the Company s customers ability to pay these loans, which in turn could adversely impact the Company. Risk of loan defaults and foreclosures are inherent in the banking industry, and the Company tries to limit its exposure to this risk by carefully underwriting and monitoring its extensions of credit. The Company cannot fully eliminate credit risk, and as a result, credit losses may occur in the future. 
 
 The Company has a moderate concentration of credit exposure in commercial real estate and loans with this type of collateral are viewed as having higher risk of default. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 329.0 million in loans secured by commercial real estate, which represented approximately 35.1 of total loans outstanding at that date; such loans consist of non-owner occupied commercial real estate, construction, land development, multi-family and other land loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having higher risk of default than residential real estate loans. They are also typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans and depend on cash flows from the property to service the debt, successful completion of construction projects and, for development loans, sale of the underlying asset. It may be more difficult for commercial real estate borrowers to repay their loans in a timely manner, as commercial real estate borrowers abilities to repay their loans frequently depends on the successful rental of their properties. Cash flows may be affected significantly by general economic conditions, and a sustained downturn in the local economy or in occupancy rates in the local economy where the property is located could increase the likelihood of default. Because the Company s loan portfolio contains a number of commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in its percentage of nonperforming loans. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. The Company s banking regulators generally give commercial real estate lending greater scrutiny and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement improved underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses and capital as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. Steps to mitigate such risks include underwriting multiple sources of repayment, including but not limited to, business cash flow, personal guarantees, collateral, and government guarantees, where applicable. In addition, the Company has established concentration limits that are regularly monitored by management and reported to the Board. Although the Company has taken these mitigation steps, there is no guarantee that such practices will be effective to prevent the increased credit risk. 
 
 The Company s results of operations are significantly affected by the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. 
 A significant source of risk for the Company is the possibility that losses will be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loan agreements. Most of the Company s loans are secured but some loans are unsecured. With respect to the secured loans, the collateral securing the repayment of 
 19 

these loans may be insufficient to cover the obligations owed under such loans. Collateral values may be adversely affected by changes in economic, environmental and other conditions, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, declines in the value of real estate, changes in interest rates, changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government, terrorist activity, environmental contamination and other external events. In addition, collateral appraisals that are out of date or that do not meet industry recognized standards may create the impression that a loan is adequately collateralized when it is not. The Company has adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and policies, including regular reviews of appraisals and borrower financial statements, that management believes are appropriate to mitigate the risk of loss. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s investment securities can fluctuate due to factors outside of its control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s portfolio of investment in debt securities was approximately 538.2 million. Factors beyond the Company s control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in its portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect of the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, and changes in market interest rates and instability in the capital markets. Any of these factors, among others, could cause other-than-temporary impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. The process for determining whether impairment of a security is OTTI usually requires complex, subjective judgments about the future financial performance and liquidity of the issuer, any collateral underlying the security and the Company s intent and ability to hold the security for a sufficient period of time to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. The Company s failure to correctly and timely assess any impairments or losses with respect to the Company s securities could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 
 The Company s liquidity needs could adversely affect results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, availability of, and/or access to, sources of refinancing, business closings or lay-offs, pandemics or endemics, inclement weather, natural disasters and international instability. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to customers on alternative investments, customers' perceptions regarding the relative safety of their deposits, and general economic conditions. Accordingly, the Company may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include FHLB advances, sales of securities and loans, federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks and borrowings from the Federal Reserve Discount Window, as well as additional out-of-market time deposits and brokered deposits. While the Company believes that these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly if the Company continues to grow and experiences increasing loan demand. The Company may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures or other investments, or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. 
 
 The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future and may not be able to do so on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Access to sufficient capital is critical in order to enable the Company to implement its business plan, support its business, expand its operations and meet applicable capital requirements. The inability to have sufficient capital, whether internally generated through earnings or raised in the capital markets, could adversely impact the Company s ability to support and to grow its operations. If the Company grows its operations faster than it generates capital internally, it will need to access the capital markets. The Company may not be able to raise additional capital in the form of additional debt or equity on acceptable terms, or at all. The Company s ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, the Company s financial condition and its results of operations. Economic conditions and a loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase the Company s cost of capital and limit access to some sources of capital. Further, if the Company needs to raise capital in the future, it may have to do so when many other 
 20 

financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would then have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Market Risks 
 The Company may be adversely impacted by changes in market conditions. 
 The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. As a financial institution, market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with the Company s operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, and short-term borrowings. A few of the market conditions that may shift from time to time, thereby exposing the Company to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity and futures prices, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of issuers. The Company s investment securities portfolio, in particular, may be impacted by market conditions beyond its control, including rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults of the issuers of the securities, lack of market pricing of the securities, and inactivity or instability in the credit markets. Any changes in these conditions, in current accounting principles or interpretations of these principles could impact the Company s assessment of fair value and thus the determination of other-than-temporary impairment of the securities in the investment securities portfolio, which could adversely affect the Company s earnings and capital ratios. 
 
 Asset values also directly impact revenues in the Company s wealth management businesses. The Company receives asset-based management fees based on the value of clients portfolios or investments in funds managed by the Company and, in some cases, the Company may also receive performance fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values can reduce the value of clients portfolios or fund assets, which in turn can result in lower fees earned for managing such assets. 
 Changes in economic conditions, especially in the areas in which the Company conducts operations, could materially and negatively affect its business. 
 The Company s business is directly impacted by economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, changes in government monetary and fiscal policies, and inflation, all of which are beyond its control. A deterioration in economic conditions, whether caused by global, national or local concerns (including the COVID-19 pandemic), especially within the Company s market area, could result in the following potentially material consequences: loan delinquencies increasing; problem assets and foreclosures increasing; demand for products and services decreasing; low cost or noninterest bearing deposits decreasing; and collateral for loans, especially real estate, declining in value, in turn reducing customers borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans. A continued economic downturn could result in losses that materially and adversely affect the Company s business. 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on the Company s business and on its customers. 
 During 2022, the United States experienced the highest level of inflation since the 1980s. In response, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds target rate seven times in 2022 to 4.25 to 4.50 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0 to 0.25 at the beginning of the year. As a result, market interest rates increased during the year. Price-wage inflation may cause the Company to give higher than normal raises to employees and start new employees at a higher wage. Furthermore, the Company s customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with the Company. As market interest rates rise, the value of the Company s investment securities generally decreases, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. Higher interest rates reduce the demand for loans and increase the attractiveness of alternative investment and savings products, like U.S. Treasury securities and money market funds, which can make it difficult to attract and retain deposits. 
 
 The Company s business is subject to interest rate risk, and variations in interest rates and inadequate management of interest rate risk may negatively affect financial performance. 
 Changes in the interest rate environment may reduce the Company s profits. It is expected that the Company will continue to realize income from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, securities, and other interest-earning assets, and interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spreads are affected by the difference between the maturities and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, loan volume and yields are affected by market interest rates on loans, and the current interest rate environment 
 21 

encourages extreme competition for new loan originations from qualified borrowers. The Company s management cannot ensure that it can minimize interest rate risk. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, the Company s net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect the net interest spread, asset quality, loan origination volume and the Company s overall profitability. 
 Transition away from LIBOR to another benchmark rate could adversely affect the Company s operations. 
 The administrator of LIBOR announced that the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. Management cannot predict whether or when LIBOR will actually cease to be available or what impact such a transition may have on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates, or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. There continues to be substantial uncertainty as to the ultimate effects of the LIBOR transition, including with respect to the acceptance and use of SOFR and other benchmark rates. 
 
 The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is a complex process and could have a range of effects on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to by (i) adversely affecting the interest rates received or paid on the revenues and expenses associated with, or the value of the Company s LIBOR-based assets and liabilities; (ii) adversely affecting the interest rates paid on or received from other securities or financial arrangements, given LIBOR s historically prominent role in determining market interest rates globally, or (iii) resulting in disputes, litigation or other actions with borrowers or other counterparties about the interpretation or enforceability of certain fallback language contained in LIBOR-based loans, securities or other contracts. In addition, uncertainty regarding the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for securities on which the interest or dividend is determined by reference to LIBOR, including the Company s trust preferred securities. The discontinuation of LIBOR could also result in operational, legal and compliance risks, and if the Company is unable to adequately manage such risks, they could have a material adverse impact on the Company s reputation and on its business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. 
 The Company relies upon independent appraisals to determine the value of the real estate that secures a significant portion of its loans and the value of any foreclosed properties that may be carried on its books, and the values indicated by such appraisals may not be realizable if it is forced to foreclose upon such loans or liquidate such foreclosed property. 
 As indicated above, a significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio consists of loans secured by real estate and it may also hold foreclosed properties from time to time. The Company relies upon independent appraisers to estimate the value of such real estate. Appraisals are only estimates of value and the independent appraisers may make mistakes of fact or judgment that adversely affect the reliability of their appraisals. In addition, events occurring after the initial appraisal may cause the value of the real estate to increase or decrease. As a result of any of these factors, the real estate securing some of the Company s loans and any foreclosed properties that may be held by the Company may be more or less valuable than anticipated. If a default occurs on a loan secured by real estate that is less valuable than originally estimated, the Company may not be able to recover the outstanding balance of the loan. It may also be unable to sell any foreclosed properties for the values estimated by their appraisals. 
 Strategic Risks 
 The Company faces strong and growing competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking and other financial services, which could negatively affect the Company s business. 
 The Company encounters substantial competition from other financial institutions in its market area and competition is increasing. Ultimately, the Company may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Many competitors offer the same banking services that the Company offers in its service area. These competitors include national, regional and community banks. The Company also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including finance companies, mutual and money market fund providers, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, financial subsidiaries of certain industrial corporations and financial technology companies. Increased competition may result in reduced business for the Company. 
 22 

Additionally, banks and other financial institutions with larger capitalization and financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions have larger lending limits and are thereby able to serve the credit needs of larger customers. Areas of competition include interest rates for loans and deposits, efforts to obtain loans and deposits, and range and quality of products and services provided, including new technology-driven products and services. If the Company is unable to attract and retain banking customers, it may be unable to continue to grow loan and deposit portfolios and its results of operations and financial condition may otherwise be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company may not be able to successfully manage its long-term growth, which may adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
 A key aspect of the Company s long-term business strategy is its continued growth and expansion. The Company s ability to continue to grow depends, in part, upon its ability to (i) open new branch offices or acquire existing branches or other financial institutions, (ii) attract deposits to those locations, and (iii) identify attractive loan and investment opportunities. 
 The Company may not be able to successfully implement its growth strategy if it is unable to identify attractive markets, locations or opportunities to expand in the future, or if the Company is subject to regulatory restrictions on growth or expansion of its operations. The Company s ability to manage its growth successfully also will depend on whether it can maintain capital levels adequate to support its growth, maintain cost controls and asset quality and successfully integrate any businesses the Company acquires into its organization. As the Company identifies opportunities to implement its growth strategy by opening new branches or acquiring branches or other banks, it may incur increased personnel, occupancy and other operating expenses. In the case of new branches, the Company must absorb those higher expenses while it begins to generate new deposits, and there is a further time lag involved in redeploying new deposits into attractively priced loans and other higher yielding assets. 
 The Company may consider acquiring other businesses or expanding into new product lines that it believes will help it fulfill its strategic objectives. The Company expects that other banking and financial companies, some of which have significantly greater resources, will compete with it to acquire financial services businesses. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that the Company believes are attractive. Acquisitions may also be subject to various regulatory approvals. If the Company fails to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, it will not be able to consummate acquisitions that it believes are in its best interests. 
 When the Company enters into new markets or new lines of business, its lack of history and familiarity with those markets, customers and lines of business may lead to unexpected challenges or difficulties that inhibit its success. The Company s plans to expand could depress earnings in the short run, even if it efficiently executes a growth strategy leading to long-term financial benefits. 
 The success of the Company s strategy depends on its ability to identify and retain individuals with experience and relationships in its markets. 
 In order to be successful, the Company must identify and retain experienced key management members and sales staff with local expertise and relationships. Competition for qualified personnel is intense and there is a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of and experience in the community banking and mortgage industry in the Company s chosen geographic market. Even if the Company identifies individuals that it believes could assist it in building its franchise, it may be unable to recruit these individuals away from their current employers. In addition, the process of identifying and recruiting individuals with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out the Company s strategy is often lengthy. The Company s inability to identify, recruit and retain talented personnel could limit its growth and could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operational Risks 
 The Company is subject to a variety of operational risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, and the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders. 
 The Company is exposed to many types of operational risks, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees, operational errors, clerical or record-keeping errors, and errors resulting from faulty or disabled computer or communications systems. 
 
 Reputational risk, or the risk to the Company s earnings and capital from negative public opinion, could result from the Company s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and keep customers and employees and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action. 
 23 

Further, if any of the Company s financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant issues, the Company could be adversely affected. The Company depends on internal systems and outsourced technology to support these data storage and processing operations. The Company s inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of the Company s business operations. It could be adversely affected if one of its employees causes a significant operational break-down or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates its operations or systems. The Company is also at risk of the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and international hostilities on its systems and from the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. The Company may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or communications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. In addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although the Company has policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of its customers, it cannot guarantee that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. Such activity can result in financial liability and harm to the Company s reputation. If any of the foregoing risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings. 
 The authorities that promulgate accounting standards, including the FASB, the SEC and other regulatory authorities, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. These changes are difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of financial statements for prior periods. Such changes could also require the Company to incur additional personnel or technology costs. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective systems of internal and disclosure control could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operation and financial condition. 
 Effective internal and disclosure controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. The Bank is also required to establish and maintain an adequate internal control structure over financial reporting pursuant to regulations of the FDIC. As a public company, the Company is required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to design and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and include management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting. If the Company cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, its reputation and operating results would be harmed. As part of the Company s ongoing monitoring of internal control, it may discover material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in its internal control that require remediation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The Company s inability to maintain the operating effectiveness of the controls described above could result in a material misstatement to the Company s financial statements or other disclosures, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any failure to maintain effective controls or to timely effect any necessary improvement of the Company s internal and disclosure controls could, among other things, result in losses from fraud or error, harm the Company s reputation or cause investors to lose confidence in its reported financial information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operation and financial condition. 
 
 The Company depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties, and the Company s financial condition could be adversely affected if it relies on misleading or incorrect information. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, the Company may rely on information furnished to it by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information, which it does not independently verify. The Company also may rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to customers, the Company may assume that a customer s audited financial statements conform with GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of that customer. The Company s financial condition 
 24 

and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent it relies on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. 
 
 The Company s success depends on its management team, and the unexpected loss of any of these personnel could adversely affect operations. 
 The Company s success is, and is expected to remain, highly dependent on its management team. This is particularly true because, as a community bank, the Company depends on the management team s ties to the community and customer relationships to generate business. The Company s growth will continue to place significant demands on management, and the loss of any such person s services may have an adverse effect upon growth and profitability. If the Company fails to retain or continue to recruit qualified employees, growth and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company relies on other companies to provide key components of its business infrastructure. 
 Third parties provide key components of the Company s business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, internet connections and network access. While the Company has selected these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problem caused by these third parties, including poor performance of services, failure to provide services, disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor and failure to handle current or higher volumes, could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business, and may harm its reputation. Financial or operational difficulties of a third-party vendor could also hurt the Company s operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor s ability to serve the Company. Replacing these third-party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. Accordingly, use of such third-parties creates an unavoidable inherent risk to the Company s business operations. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or customer. In addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect results of operations. 
 
 The Company s operations may be adversely affected by cybersecurity risks. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company collects and stores sensitive data, including proprietary business information and personally identifiable information related to its customers and employees in systems and on networks. The secure processing, maintenance, and use of this information is critical to operations and the Company s business strategy. The Company has invested in accepted technologies, and continually reviews processes and practices that are designed to protect its networks, computers, and data from damage or unauthorized access. Despite these security measures, the Company s computer systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. A breach of any kind could compromise systems and the information stored there could be accessed, damaged or disclosed. A breach in security could result in legal claims, regulatory penalties, disruption in operations, and damage to the Company s reputation, which could adversely affect its business and financial condition. Furthermore, as cyber threats continue to evolve and increase, the Company may be required to expend significant additional financial and operational resources to modify or enhance its protective measures, or to investigate and remediate any identified information security vulnerabilities. 
 
 In addition, multiple major U.S. retailers have experienced data systems incursions reportedly resulting in the thefts of credit and debit card information, online account information and other financial or privileged data. Retailer incursions affect cards issued and deposit accounts maintained by many banks, including Virginia National Bank. Although the Company s systems are not breached in retailer incursions, these events can cause it to reissue a significant number of cards and take other costly steps to avoid significant theft loss to the Company and its customers. In some cases, the Company may be required to reimburse customers for the losses they incur. Other possible points of intrusion or disruption not within the Company s control include internet service providers, electronic mail portal providers, social media portals, distant-server (cloud) service 
 25 

providers, electronic data security providers, data processing service providers, telecommunications companies, and smart phone manufacturers. 
 
 Consumers may increasingly decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which would have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition and operations. 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s ability to operate profitably may be dependent on its ability to integrate or introduce various technologies into its operations. 
 The market for financial services, including banking and consumer finance services, is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in telecommunications, data processing, computers, automation, online banking and tele-banking. The Company s ability to compete successfully in its market may depend on the extent to which it is able to implement or exploit such technological changes. If the Company is not able to afford such technologies, properly or timely anticipate or implement such technologies, or effectively train its staff to use such technologies, its business, financial condition or operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated industry and the laws and regulations that govern the Company s operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them or the Company s failure to comply with them, may adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is subject to extensive regulation and supervision that govern almost all aspects of its operations. These laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on the Company s business activities, limit the dividends or distributions that it can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee its debt and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in its capital than GAAP. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. 
 
 The Company is currently facing increased regulation and supervision of its industry. The Dodd-Frank Act instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes. Other changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or supervisory guidance, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such additional regulation and supervision has increased, and may continue to increase, the Company s costs and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities. Further, the Company s failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject it to restrictions on its business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations, capital base and the price of its securities. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect the Company s business and financial condition. 
 
 Regulations issued by the CFPB could adversely impact earnings due to, among other things, increased compliance costs or costs due to noncompliance. 
 The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority to administer and carry out the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to financial institutions that offer covered financial products and services to consumers. The CFPB has also been directed to write rules identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service. For example, the CFPB issued a final rule, effective January 10, 2014, requiring mortgage lenders to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms, or to originate qualified mortgages that meet specific requirements with respect to terms, pricing and fees. The rule also contains additional disclosure requirements at mortgage 
 26 

loan origination and in monthly statements. The requirements under the CFPB s regulations and policies could limit the Company s ability to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive and/or time consuming to make these loans, which could adversely impact the Company s profitability. 
 
 The Company is subject to laws regarding the privacy, information security and protection of personal information and any violation of these laws or another incident involving personal, confidential or proprietary information of individuals could damage the Company s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its business. 
 The Company s business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including PII in various information systems that the Company maintains and in those maintained by third party service providers. The Company also maintains important internal company data such as PII about its employees and information relating to its operations. The Company is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of PII of individuals (including customers, employees and other third-parties). For example, the Company s business is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on the Company s ability to share nonpublic PII about its customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that the Company provides certain disclosures to customers about its information collection, sharing and security practices and affords customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by it with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that the Company develops, implements and maintains a written comprehensive information security program containing appropriate safeguards based on the Company s size and complexity, the nature and scope of its activities, and the sensitivity of customer information it processes, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various federal and state banking regulators and states have also enacted data breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in the event of a security breach. Ensuring that the Company s collection, use, transfer and storage of PII complies with all applicable laws and regulations can increase the Company s costs. Furthermore, the Company may not be able to ensure that customers and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information that they exchange with us, particularly where such information is transmitted by electronic means. If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or others were to be mishandled or misused, the Company could be exposed to litigation or regulatory sanctions under privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Company s measures to safeguard PII, or even the perception that such measures are inadequate, could cause the Company to lose customers or potential customers and thereby reduce its revenues. Accordingly, any failure, or perceived failure, to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject the Company to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices or in significant liabilities, fines or penalties, and could damage the Company s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s business and earnings are impacted by governmental, fiscal and monetary policy over which it has no control. 
 The Company is affected by domestic monetary policy. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States, and its policies determine in large part the Company s cost of funds for lending, investing and capital raising activities and the return it earns on those loans and investments, both of which affect the Company s net interest margin. The actions of the Federal Reserve also can materially affect the value of financial instruments that the Company holds, such as loans and debt securities, and also can affect the Company s borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. The Company s business and earnings also are affected by the fiscal or other policies that are adopted by various regulatory authorities of the United States. Changes in fiscal or monetary policy are beyond the Company s control and hard to predict. 
 
 27 

Risks Related to the Company s Common Stock 
 
 The Company is not obligated to pay dividends and its ability to pay dividends is limited. 
 The Company s ability to make dividend payments on its common stock depends primarily on certain regulatory considerations and the receipt of dividends and other distributions from the Bank. There are various regulatory restrictions on the ability of banks, such as the Bank, to pay dividends or make other payments to their holding companies. The Company is currently paying a quarterly cash dividend to holders of its common stock at a rate of 0.33 per share. Although the Company has paid a quarterly cash dividend to the holders of its common stock since July 2013, holders of its common stock are not entitled to receive dividends, and the Company is not obligated to pay dividends in any particular amounts or at any particular times. Regulatory, economic and other factors may cause the Company s Board to consider, among other things, the reduction of dividends paid on its common stock. 
 
 Future issuances of the Company s common stock could adversely affect the market price of the common stock and could be dilutive. 
 
 The Company s Board, without the approval of shareholders, could from time to time decide to issue additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, which may adversely affect the market price of the shares of common stock and could be dilutive to the Company s shareholders. Any sale of additional shares of the Company s common stock may be at prices lower than the current market value of the Company s shares. In addition, new investors may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to, and that could adversely affect, the Company s existing shareholders. For example, preferred stock would be senior to common stock in right of dividends and as to distributions in liquidation. The Company cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of its future offerings of equity securities. Thus, the Company s shareholders bear the risk of future offerings diluting their stock holdings, adversely affecting their rights as shareholders, and/or reducing the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 An investment in the Company s common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 The Company s common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, it is not insured against loss by the FDIC or by any other public or private entity. An investment in the Company s common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company and, as a result, shareholders may lose some or all of their investment. 
 
 The Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, and the reduced disclosure obligations applicable to smaller reporting companies may make its common stock less attractive to investors. 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined in federal securities laws, and will remain a smaller reporting company until the fiscal year following the determination that the market value of its voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates is more than 250 million measured on the last business day of its second fiscal quarter, or its annual revenues are less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of its voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates is more than 700 million measured on the last business day of its second fiscal quarter. Smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations, such as an exemption from providing selected financial data and an ability to provide simplified executive compensation information and only two years of audited financial statements. If some investors find the Company s common stock less attractive because the Company may rely on these reduced disclosure obligations, there may be a less active trading market for its common stock and its stock price may be more volatile. 
 While the Company s common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, it has less liquidity than stocks for larger companies listed on national securities exchanges. 
 The trading volume in the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market has been relatively low when compared with larger companies listed on national securities exchanges. There is no assurance that a more active and liquid trading market for the common stock will exist in the future. Consequently, shareholders may not be able to sell a substantial number of shares for the same price at which shareholders could sell a smaller number of shares. In addition, the Company cannot predict the effect, if any, that future sales of its common stock in the market, or the availability of shares of common stock for sale in the market, will have on the market price of the common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock in the market, or the potential for large amounts of sales in the market, could cause the price of the Company s common stock to decline, or reduce the Company s ability to raise capital through future sales of common stock. 
 
 28 

General Risk Factors 
 
 The Company is exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which it takes title. 
 In the course of its business, the Company may foreclose and take title to real estate, potentially becoming subject to environmental liabilities associated with the properties. The Company may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs or the Company may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. Costs associated with investigation or remediation activities can be substantial. If the Company is the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, it may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. These costs and claims could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 Severe weather, earthquakes, other natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 Severe weather, earthquakes, other natural disasters, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, results in loss of revenue and/or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None 
 Item 2. PR OPERTIES. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries currently occupy fourteen full-service banking facilities in the cities of Charlottesville, Manassas, Richmond and Winchester, and the counties of Albemarle, Fauquier and Prince William. The Company s main office, a full-service banking facility, operations, and offices of Masonry Capital are located at 404 People Place, Charlottesville, Virginia. VNB Trust and Estate Services is located at 103 Third Street, SE, Charlottesville, Virginia. Of the fifteen locations used as bank branches and commercial lending offices, eight of the buildings are owned by the Company and seven are leased from nonaffiliates. Leases with affiliates are described below. 
 The five-story building located at 404 People Place, Charlottesville, Virginia, just east of the Charlottesville city limits on Pantops Mountain, was constructed by the Bank on a pad site leased in 2005 from Pantops Park, LLC for a term of twenty years, with seven five-year renewal options. William D. Dittmar, Jr., a director of the Company, is the manager and indirect owner of Pantops Park, LLC. The building, consisting of approximately 43,000 square feet, was completed in early 2008, and the Bank opened this full-service office in April 2008. In addition to the Company s use of this building as outlined in the preceding paragraph, a portion of the additional space is leased to tenants. 
 The drive-through location at 301 East Water Street, Charlottesville, which is a limited-service banking facility, and the adjoining office space located at 112 Third Street, SE, Charlottesville Virginia is leased from East Main Investments, LLC. Hunter E. Craig, a director of the Company and the Bank, serves as manager of East Main Investments, LLC, which is owned by Mr. Craig and his spouse. 
 See Note 6 Premises and Equipment and Note 7 Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for information with respect to the amounts at which the Company s premises and equipment are carried and commitments under long-term leases. All of the Company's properties are in good operating condition and are adequate for the Company's present and anticipated future needs. 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 In the ordinary course of its operations, the Company and/or its subsidiaries are parties to various legal proceedings from time to time. Based on the information presently available, and after consultation with legal counsel, management believes that the ultimate outcome of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Item 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable 
 29 

Part II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOC KHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Common Stock Performance and Dividends 
 Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VABK. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued and outstanding 5,337,271 shares of common stock, which included 51,664 shares of restricted stock that have not yet vested. These shares were held by approximately 690 registered shareholders of record, not including beneficial holders of securities held in street name at a brokerage or other firm. 
 The payment of dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and is subject to various federal and state regulatory limitations. As a bank holding company, the ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the overall performance and capital requirements of the Bank. 
 The data in the table below represents the high sales and low sales prices that occurred between April 1, 2021 and December 31, 2022 as reported by Nasdaq and the high bid and low bid quotations that occurred between January 1 and March 31, 2021 as reported by the OTCQX. The OTCQX over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Additionally, the table shows the dividends declared per quarter in 2022 and 2021. 

Dividends Declared 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

40.00 

34.00 

31.05 

27.00 

0.30 

0.30 

Second Quarter 

35.53 

27.05 

39.18 

30.35 

0.30 

0.30 

Third Quarter 

34.50 

29.85 

39.74 

33.71 

0.30 

0.30 

Fourth Quarter 

36.93 

29.30 

38.00 

33.51 

0.30 

0.30 

Total 

1.20 

1.20 

American Stock Transfer and Trust Company is the Company s stock transfer agent and registrar. 
 Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 
 No unregistered shares were issued in 2022 or 2021. 

Item 6. [ R ESERVED]. 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The following discussion provides information about the major components of the results of operations and financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Merger with Fauquier 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company merged with Fauquier, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated September 30, 2020, including a related Plan of Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Fauquier shareholders received 0.675 shares of Company stock for each share of Fauquier common stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares, resulting in the Company issuing 2,571,213 shares of common stock. In connection with the transaction, TFB, Fauquier's wholly-owned bank subsidiary, was merged with and into the Bank. 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Critical Estimates 
 The accounting and reporting policies followed by the Company conform, in all material respects, to GAAP and to general practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. While the Company bases estimates on historical experience, current information, and other factors deemed to be relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 The Company considers accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i) the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain and (ii) different estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. The Company s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. 
 Following are the accounting policies and estimates that the Company considers as critical: 
 Loans acquired in a business combination : Acquired Loans are classified as either (i) purchased credit-impaired loans or (ii) purchased performing loans and are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. PCI loans are those for which there is evidence of credit deterioration since origination and for which it is probable at the date of acquisition that the Company will not collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. When determining fair value, PCI loans are aggregated into pools of loans based on common risk characteristics as of the date of acquisition such as loan type, date of origination, and evidence of credit quality deterioration such as internal risk grades and past due and nonaccrual status. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. Any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized as interest income over the remaining life of the loan when there is a reasonable expectation about the amount and timing of such cash flows. 

On a semi-annual basis, the Company evaluates the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected on PCI loans. Estimates of cash flows for PCI loans require significant judgment. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan losses resulting in an increase to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent significant increases in cash flows may result in a reversal of post-acquisition provision for loan losses or a transfer from nonaccretable difference to accretable yield that increases interest income over the remaining life of the loan or pool(s) of loans. Disposals of loans, which may include sale of loans to third parties, receipt of payments in full or in part from the borrower or foreclosure of the collateral, result in removal of the loan from the PCI loan portfolio at its carrying amount. 
 PCI loans are not classified as nonperforming loans by the Company at the time they are acquired, regardless of whether they had been classified as nonperforming by the previous holder of such loans, and they will not be classified as nonperforming so long as, at semi-annual re-estimation periods, we believe we will fully collect the new carrying value of the pools of loans. 
 The Company accounts for purchased performing loans using the contractual cash flows method of recognizing discount accretion based on the Acquired Loans contractual cash flows. Purchased performing loans are recorded at fair value, including a credit discount. The fair value discount is accreted as an adjustment to yield over the estimated lives of the loans. There is no allowance for loan losses established at the acquisition date for purchased performing loans. A provision for loan losses may be required for any deterioration in these loans in future periods. 
 
 31 

Allowance for loan losses is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, which represents management s best estimate of probable losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio. Accounting policies related to the allowance for loan losses are considered to be critical, as these policies involve considerable subjective judgment and estimation by management. The Company s allowance for loan loss methodology includes allowance allocations calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 310, Receivables and allowance allocations calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of: industry concentrations; specific credit risks; loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio, as well as trends in the foregoing. Portions of the allowance may be allocated for specific credits; however, the entire allowance is available for any credit that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Company s control, including the performance of the Company s loan portfolio, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities toward loan classifications. See the section captioned Allowance for Loan Losses elsewhere in this discussion and Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, elsewhere in this report for further details of the risk factors considered by management in estimating the necessary level of the allowance for loan losses. 

Impaired loans are loans so designated when, based on current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts when due in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. If a loan is impaired, a specific valuation allowance is allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported net of the impairment, using either the present value of estimated future cash flows at the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additional information on impaired loans, which includes both TDRs and non-accrual loans, is included in Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Fair value measurements are used by the Company to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realized value or reflective of future fair values. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Additional discussion of valuation methodologies is presented in Note 17 Fair Value Measurements, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Other-than-temporary impairment of securities accounting policies require a periodic review by management to determine if the decline in the fair value of any security appears to be other-than-temporary. Factors considered in determining whether the decline is other-than-temporary include, but are not limited to: the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been below cost; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and the Company s intent to sell. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 Securities, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for further details on the accounting policies for other-than-temporary impairment of securities and the methodology used by management to make this evaluation. 

Intangible asset accounting policies require that goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 10 years, to their estimated residual values. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional discussion of the accounting policies and composition of goodwill and other intangibles assets is presented in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 2 - Business Combinations and Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

32 

Income tax accounting policies have the objective to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and the deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Fluctuations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could impact the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 11 Income Taxes, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for further detail on the accounting policies for income taxes and for components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 Non-GAAP Presentations 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to GAAP and prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, certain non-GAAP measures are used by management to supplement the evaluation of the Company s performance. These include adjusted ROAA, adjusted ROAE, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted ALLL to total loans, tangible book value per share and the following fully-taxable equivalent measures: net interest income-FTE, efficiency ratio-FTE and net interest margin-FTE. Interest on tax-exempt loans and securities is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis (which converts the income on loans and investments for which no income taxes are paid to the equivalent yield as if income taxes were paid) using the federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent that was applicable for all periods presented. 
 Management believes that the use of these non-GAAP measures provides meaningful information about operating performance by enhancing comparability with other financial periods, other financial institutions, and between different sources of interest income. The non-GAAP measures used by management enhance comparability by excluding the effects of (1) items that do not reflect ongoing operating performance, such as merger and merger-related expenses, (2) items that do not reflect the implicit percentage of the ALLL to total loans, such as the impact of fair value adjustment and PPP loans, (3) balances of intangible assets, including goodwill, that vary significantly between institutions, and (4) tax benefits that are not consistent across different opportunities for investment. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP-basis financial statements, and other banks and bank holding companies may define or calculate these or similar measures differently. Net income is discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis on a GAAP basis unless noted as non-GAAP. 
 
 33 

A reconcilement of the non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company to evaluate and measure the Company's performance to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is presented below: 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures: 
 
 Year Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Performance measures 

Return on average assets 

1.30 

0.61 

Impact of merger expenses 1 

0.00 

0.33 

Operating return on average assets 1 (non-GAAP) 

1.30 

0.94 

Return on average equity 

16.61 

7.17 

Impact of merger expenses 1 

0.00 

3.91 

Operating return on average equity 1 (non-GAAP) 

16.61 

11.08 

Net income 

23,438 

10,071 

Impact of merger expenses 1 

- 

5,495 

Net income, excluding merger expenses 1 (non-GAAP) 

23,438 

15,566 

Net income per share, diluted 

4.38 

2.14 

Impact of merger expenses 1 

- 

1.17 

Net income per share, excluding merger expenses 1 (non-GAAP) 

4.38 

3.32 

Fully taxable-equivalent measures 

Net interest income 

53,547 

44,988 

Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment 

316 

271 

Net interest income (FTE) 2 

53,863 

45,259 

Efficiency ratio 3 

57.4 

76.7 

Impact of FTE adjustment 

-0.3 

-0.4 

Efficiency ratio (FTE) 4 

57.1 

76.3 

Net interest margin 

3.19 

2.92 

Fully tax-equivalent adjustment 

0.02 

0.02 

Net interest margin (FTE) 2 

3.21 

2.94 

Other financial measures 

ALLL to total loans 

0.59 

0.56 

Impact of acquired loans and fair value mark 

0.31 

0.39 

ALLL to total loans, excluding acquired loans and fair value mark (non-GAAP) 

0.90 

0.95 

ALLL to total loans 

0.59 

0.56 

Fair value mark to total loans 

1.70 

1.74 

ALLL + fair value mark to total loans (non-GAAP) 

2.29 

2.30 

Book value per share 

25.00 

30.50 

Impact of intangible assets 

(1.23) 

(3.14) 

Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 

23.76 

27.36 

1 References to merger expenses include merger and merger-related expenses and are net of tax. 
 2 FTE calculations use a Federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 3 The efficiency ratio, GAAP basis, is computed by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
 4 The efficiency ratio, FTE, is computed by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income (FTE) and noninterest income. 
 34 

Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Return on Assets and Equity and Other Key Ratios 
 The ratio of net income to average total assets and average shareholders' equity and certain other ratios for the years indicated are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Return on average assets 

1.30 

0.61 

Operating return on average assets (non-GAAP) 

1.30 

0.94 

Return on average equity 

16.61 

7.17 

Operating return on average equity (non-GAAP) 

16.61 

11.08 

Average equity to average assets 

7.85 

8.52 

Cash dividend payout ratio 

27.40 

55.95 

Efficiency ratio (FTE) 

57.10 

76.30 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 23.4 million, or 4.38 per diluted share, a 132.7 increase compared to 10.1 million, or 2.14 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily the result of a 8.6 million increase in net interest income, a 3.2 million increase in noninterest income, a 908 thousand reduction in provision for loan losses and a 4.0 million decrease in noninterest expense. Each component of such year-over-year changes are described in more detail below. 
 The efficiency ratio (FTE) was 57.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 76.3 for the same period of 2021, decreasing due primarily to the increase in net interest income year-over-year and the one-time impact of merger and merger-related expenses incurred in 2021. 
 The Company had four reportable segments during the period presented: the Bank, VNB Trust and Estate Services, Sturman Wealth and Masonry Capital. 
 Bank - The Bank s commercial banking activities involve making loans, taking deposits and offering related services to individuals, businesses and charitable organizations. Loan fee income, service charges from deposit accounts, and other non-interest-related revenue, such as fees for debit cards and ATM usage and fees for treasury management services, generate additional income for this segment. 

Sturman Wealth Advisors This segment offered wealth and investment advisory services. Revenue for this segment was generated primarily from investment advisory and financial planning fees, with a small and decreasing portion attributable to brokerage commissions. During December 2022, the Company sold this segment, including interest in the client relationships, to the individual running this line of business. More information on this sale can be found under Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in Note 8 and Sale of Sturman Wealth Segment in Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

VNB Trust and Estate Services - This segment offers corporate trustee services, trust and estate administration, IRA administration and custody services and offers in-house investment management services. Revenue for this segment is generated from administration, service and custody fees, as well as management fees which are derived from Assets Under Management. Investment management services currently are offered through affiliated and third-party managers. 

Masonry Capital - Masonry Capital offers investment management services for separately managed accounts and a private investment fund employing a value-based, catalyst-driven investment strategy. Revenue for this segment is generated from management fees which are derived from Assets Under Management and incentive income which is based on the investment returns generated on performance-based Assets Under Management. 

The Bank segment earned net income of 21.6 million in 2022, a 12.7 million increase over the 9.0 million netted in 2021. Sturman Wealth earned 122 thousand in 2022 compared to 384 thousand in the prior year. VNB Trust and Estate Services realized net income of 1.6 million in 2022, compared to 162 thousand in 2021. Masonry Capital realized net income of 103 thousand in 2022, compared to 561 thousand in 2021. 
 Details of the changes in the various components of net income are further discussed below. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is computed as the difference between the interest income on earning assets and the interest expense on deposits and other interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income represents the principal source of revenue for the Company and accounted for 79.7 of the total revenue in 2022. Net interest margin (FTE) is the ratio of taxable-equivalent 
 35 

net interest income to average earning assets for the period. The level of interest rates and the volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities impact net interest income (FTE) and net interest margin (FTE). 
 The following table details the average balance sheet, including an analysis of net interest income (FTE) for earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Consolidated Average Balance Sheets and Analysis of Net Interest Income (FTE) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Income Expense 

Yield/ Cost 

Average Balance 

Income Expense 

Yield/ Cost 

Average Balance 

Income Expense 

Yield/ Cost 

ASSETS 

Interest earning assets: 

Securities 

Taxable securities 

373,680 

8,696 

2.33 

198,450 

2,980 

1.50 

101,199 

1,706 

1.69 

Tax exempt securities 1 

65,861 

1,582 

2.40 

53,716 

1,292 

2.41 

20,195 

601 

2.98 

Total securities 1 

439,541 

10,278 

2.34 

252,166 

4,272 

1.69 

121,394 

2,307 

1.90 

Loans: 

Real estate 

847,238 

38,011 

4.49 

808,707 

35,303 

4.37 

404,391 

16,680 

4.12 

Commercial 

81,410 

3,583 

4.40 

145,462 

5,731 

3.94 

132,282 

5,115 

3.87 

Consumer 

49,619 

2,637 

5.31 

63,039 

2,865 

4.54 

64,181 

3,150 

4.91 

Total Loans 

978,267 

44,231 

4.52 

1,017,208 

43,899 

4.32 

600,854 

24,945 

4.15 

Fed funds sold 

100,033 

1,088 

1.09 

109,104 

139 

0.13 

34,130 

104 

0.30 

Other interest-bearing deposits 

161,260 

1,467 

0.91 

160,960 

233 

0.14 

- 

- 

- 

Total earning assets 

1,679,101 

57,064 

3.40 

1,539,438 

48,543 

3.15 

756,378 

27,356 

3.62 

Less: Allowance for loan losses 

(5,702) 

(5,297) 

(4,886) 

Total non-earning assets 

124,525 

115,193 

46,186 

Total assets 

1,797,924 

1,649,334 

797,678 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Interest bearing liabilities: 

Interest bearing deposits: 

Interest checking 

409,504 

230 

0.06 

355,419 

261 

0.07 

132,465 

120 

0.09 

Money market and savings deposits 

563,374 

2,097 

0.37 

529,027 

2,047 

0.39 

261,370 

1,704 

0.65 

Time deposits 

144,564 

657 

0.45 

152,211 

1,108 

0.73 

100,846 

1,454 

1.44 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,117,442 

2,984 

0.27 

1,036,657 

3,416 

0.33 

494,681 

3,278 

0.66 

Borrowings 

- 

- 

- 

23,700 

(280) 

-1.18 

15,419 

73 

0.47 

Junior subordinated debt 

3,389 

200 

5.90 

2,565 

148 

5.77 

- 

- 

- 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,120,831 

3,184 

0.28 

1,062,922 

3,284 

0.31 

510,100 

3,351 

0.66 

Non-interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 

526,389 

434,989 

203,143 

Other liabilities 

9,581 

10,875 

4,697 

Total liabilities 

1,656,801 

1,508,786 

717,940 

Shareholders' equity 

141,123 

140,548 

79,738 

Total liabilities shareholders' equity 

1,797,924 

1,649,334 

797,678 

Net interest income (FTE) 

53,880 

45,259 

24,005 

Interest rate spread 2 

3.12 

2.84 

2.96 

Cost of funds 

0.19 

0.22 

0.47 

Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets 

0.19 

0.21 

0.44 

Net interest margin (FTE) 3 

3.21 

2.94 

3.17 

(1) Tax-exempt income for investment securities has been adjusted to a fully tax-equivalent basis (FTE), using a Federal income tax rate of 21 . Refer to the Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures table within the Non-GAAP Presentations earlier in this section. 

(2) Interest rate spread is the average yield earned on earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3) Net interest margin (FTE) is net interest income (FTE) expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. 

36 

The purpose of the volume and rate analysis below is to describe the impact on the net interest income (FTE) of the Company resulting from changes in average balances and average interest rates for the periods indicated. The change in interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. Interest income is reported on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 Volume and Rate Analysis 
 2022 compared to 2021 

Change due to: 

Increase/ 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Assets: 

Securities 

3,815 

2,191 

6,006 

Loans: 

Real estate 

1,833 

875 

2,708 

Commercial 

(2,780) 

632 

(2,148) 

Consumer 

(669) 

441 

(228) 

Total loans 

(1,616) 

1,948 

332 

Federal funds sold 

(13) 

962 

949 

Other interest-bearing deposits 

(21) 

1,255 

1,234 

Total earning assets 

2,165 

6,356 

8,521 

Liabilities and Shareholders' equity: 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Interest checking 

36 

(67) 

(31) 

Money market and savings 

130 

(80) 

50 

Time deposits 

(53) 

(398) 

(451) 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

113 

(545) 

(432) 

Short term borrowings 

280 

- 

280 

Junior subordinated debt 

14 

38 

52 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

407 

(507) 

(100) 

Change in net interest income 

1,758 

6,863 

8,621 

37 

2021 compared to 2020 

Change due to: 

Increase/ 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

(Decrease) 

Assets: 

Securities 

2,240 

(275) 

1,965 

Loans: 

Real estate 

17,596 

1,027 

18,623 

Commercial 

518 

98 

616 

Consumer 

(55) 

(230) 

(285) 

Total loans 

18,059 

895 

18,954 

Federal funds sold 

123 

(88) 

35 

Other interest-bearing deposits: 

233 

- 

233 

Total earning assets 

20,655 

532 

21,187 

Liabilities and Shareholders' equity: 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Interest checking 

168 

(27) 

141 

Money market and savings 

1,237 

(894) 

343 

Time deposits 

555 

(901) 

(346) 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,960 

(1,822) 

138 

Short term borrowings 

21 

(374) 

(353) 

Junior subordinated debt 

148 

- 

148 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

2,129 

(2,196) 

(67) 

Change in net interest income 

18,526 

2,728 

21,254 

For 2022, net interest income (FTE) of 53.9 million was recognized, an increase of 8.6 million over 2021. Net interest income (FTE) for 2021 totaled 45.3 million, a 21.3 million increase over the 2020 total of 24.0 million. Average earning assets increased 139.7 million or 9.1 in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 783.1 million or 103.5 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increases in volume and rate of the securities portfolio from 2021 to 2022 were the primary contributing factors of the increase in net interest income. The declines in rates paid on deposits over the same period also positively impacted net interest income. The average balance for loans as a percentage of earnings assets for 2022 was 58.3 , compared to 66.1 and 79.4 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The 2022 net interest margin (FTE) improved 27 bps to 3.21 from 2.94 in 2021. The 2021 net interest margin (FTE) declined 23 bps from 3.17 in 2020. The tax-equivalent yield on average earning assets for 2022 of 3.40 was 25 bps higher than the 2021 yield of 3.15 . The 2021 tax-equivalent yield on average earning assets was 47 bps lower than the comparable 2020 yield of 3.62 . Loan yields for 2022 were 4.52 , improving 20 bps from the loan yield of 4.32 for 2021. Average loans for 2022 of 978.3 million were 38.9 million lower than the 2021 average of 1.0 billion, due to the execution of the Company's planned strategy to further improve asset quality through negotiation of loan paydowns, as well as PPP forgiveness. 2021 s average loan balances were 416.4 million higher than the 2020 average of 600.9 million due to loans acquired through the Merger. 
 Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets declined to 19 bps for 2022, compared to 21 and 44 bps for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net interest margin will be impacted by future changes in short-term and long-term interest rate levels on deposits, as well as the impact from the competitive environment. A continuing primary driver of the Company s low cost of funds is the Company s level of non-interest bearing demand deposits and low-cost deposit accounts. Following is a table illustrating the average balances of deposit accounts as a percentage of total deposit account balances. 
 38 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Average Balance 

of Total Deposits 

Average Balance 

of Total Deposits 

Average Balance 

of Total Deposits 

Non-interest demand deposits 

526,389 

32.0 

434,989 

29.6 

203,143 

29.1 

Interest checking accounts 

409,504 

24.9 

355,419 

24.2 

132,465 

19.0 

Money market and savings deposit accounts 

563,374 

34.3 

529,027 

35.9 

261,370 

37.4 

Total non-interest and low-cost deposit accounts 

1,499,267 

91.2 

1,319,435 

89.7 

596,978 

85.5 

Time deposits 

144,564 

8.8 

152,211 

10.3 

100,846 

14.5 

Total deposit account balances 

1,643,831 

100.0 

1,471,646 

100.0 

697,824 

100.0 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 The level of the allowance reflects changes in the size of the portfolio or in any of its components, as well as management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit risks, loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, and economic, political and regulatory conditions. Additional information concerning management s methodology in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is contained later in this section under Allowance for Loan Losses, in addition to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Based on management s continuing evaluation of the loan portfolio in 2022, the Company recorded a provision for loan losses of 106 thousand compared to 1.0 million in 2021 and 1.6 million in 2020. The decreases in 2022 and 2021 are the result of the Company releasing a portion of the reserves that were added during 2020 since the credit deterioration was not experienced to the extent previously anticipated. The decrease in 2022 also was impacted by the decline in overall loan balances as part of the Company's strategy to further improve asset quality through negotiation of loan paydowns as well as PPP forgiveness. 
 The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 0.59 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.56 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following is a summary of the changes in the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Allowance for loan losses, January 1 

5,984 

5,455 

4,209 

Charge-offs 

(1,255) 

(835) 

(805) 

Recoveries 

717 

350 

429 

Provision for loan losses 

106 

1,014 

1,622 

Allowance for loan losses, December 31 

5,552 

5,984 

5,455 

Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of period-end total loans 

0.59 

0.56 

0.90 

39 

Noninterest Income 
 The major components of noninterest income are detailed below. Year-to-year variances are shown for each noninterest income category. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 For the year ended December 31 

Variance 

2022 

2021 

Noninterest income: 

Trust and estate services fees 

1,423 

1,929 

(506) 

-26.2 

Performance fees 

265 

822 

(557) 

-67.8 

Investment management income 

752 

757 

(5) 

-0.7 

Advisory and brokerage income 

770 

1,154 

(384) 

-33.3 

Royalty income 

115 

40 

75 

187.5 

Deposit account fees 

1,799 

1,459 

340 

23.3 

Debit/credit card and ATM fees 

2,794 

2,070 

724 

35.0 

Bank owned life insurance income 

963 

708 

255 

36.0 

Resolution of commercial dispute 

2,400 

- 

2,400 

- 

Gain on sale of business line 

404 

- 

404 

- 

Gains (losses) on sale of assets, net 

1,043 

- 

1,043 

- 

Other 

933 

1,526 

(593) 

-38.9 

Total noninterest income 

13,661 

10,465 

3,196 

30.5 

Noninterest income of 13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 experienced a net increase over the prior year of 3.2 million, as a result of the following: 
 The Company received and recognized a 2.4 million one-time payment to resolve a commercial dispute in the first quarter of 2022; 

A 1.0 million gain was recognized in connection with the sale of two buildings during the second quarter of 2022, and 

A 404 thousand gain was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the sale of Sturman Wealth Advisors. 

Noninterest Expense 
 The major components of noninterest expense are detailed below. Year-over-year variances are shown for each noninterest expense category. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 

December 31, 

Variance 

2022 

2021 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

17,260 

16,129 

1,131 

7.0 

Net occupancy 

4,526 

3,575 

951 

26.6 

Equipment 

897 

966 

(69) 

-7.1 

Bank franchise tax 

1,216 

1,136 

80 

7.0 

Computer software 

1,136 

1,020 

116 

11.4 

Data processing 

2,727 

2,793 

(66) 

-2.4 

FDIC deposit insurance assessment 

511 

858 

(347) 

-40.4 

Marketing, advertising and promotion 

1,224 

922 

302 

32.8 

Merger and merger-related expenses 

- 

7,423 

(7,423) 

-100.0 

Plastics expense 

394 

978 

(584) 

-59.7 

Professional fees 

1,357 

1,117 

240 

21.5 

Core deposit intangible amortization 

1,684 

1,389 

295 

-- 

Impairment on assets held for sale 

242 

- 

242 

0.0 

Other 

5,382 

4,216 

1,166 

27.7 

Total noninterest expense 

38,556 

42,522 

(3,966) 

-9.3 

Noninterest expense of 38.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 4.0 million from the prior year, predominantly due to no merger or merger-related expense recognition in the current year, compared to 7.4 million of merger and merger-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. An increase in salaries and employee benefits offset this positive variance, increasing 7.0 from 16.1 million in 2021 to 17.3 million in 2022. This increase was due to the Merger and the addition of Fauquier's employees effective April 1, 2021, offset by a reduction in 
 40 

salaries for redundant positions, occurring throughout the 21 months since the Effective Date. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 157 full-time equivalent employees compared to 173 at December 31, 2021. 
 Core deposit intangible amortization expense is a result of the Merger and amounted to 1.7 million in 2022 and 1.4 million in 2021. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes is based upon the results of operations, adjusted for the effect of certain tax-exempt income and non-deductible expenses. In addition, certain items of income and expense are reported in different periods for financial reporting and tax return purposes. The tax effects of these temporary differences are recognized currently in the deferred income tax provision or benefit. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference between the financial statement and the income tax bases of assets and liabilities using the applicable enacted marginal tax rate. 
 For 2022, the Company provided 5.1 million for Federal income taxes, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 17.9 . In 2021, the Company provided 1.8 million for Federal income taxes, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 15.5 . The effective tax rate was lower in 2021 due to the impact on the combined income statement of low-income housing tax credits acquired during the Merger. The effective income tax rates for 2022 and 2021 were lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 21 due to the effect of tax-exempt income from municipal bonds and bank owned life insurance policies. 
 More information on income taxes, including net deferred taxes can be found in Note 11 Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements which is found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 41 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 Securities 
 The investment securities portfolio has a primary role in the management of the Company s liquidity requirements and interest rate sensitivity, as well as generating significant interest income. Investment securities also play a key role in diversifying the Company s balance sheet. In addition, a portion of the investment securities portfolio is pledged as collateral for public fund deposits. Changes in deposit and other funding balances and in loan production will impact the overall level of the investment portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment portfolio totaled 543.3 million, with obligations of U.S. government corporations and government-sponsored enterprises amounting to 438.3 million, or approximately 81 of the total. The Company s investment portfolio totaled 308.8 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 In 2022, 248 million of U.S. Treasury securities were purchased at an average yield of 2.66 , with maturities ranging from one to two years. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no sales of securities. Management proactively manages the mix of earning assets and cost of funds to maximize the earning capacity of the Company. 
 In accordance with ASC 320, Investments - Debt and Equity Securities, the Company has categorized its unrestricted securities portfolio as Available for Sale. Securities classified as AFS may be sold in the future, prior to maturity. Any decision to sell a security classified as AFS would be based on various factors, including significant movements in interest rates, changes in the maturity mix of the Company s assets and liabilities, liquidity needs, regulatory capital considerations, and other similar factors. AFS securities are carried at fair value. Net aggregate unrealized gains or losses on these securities are included, net of taxes, as a component of shareholders equity. All of the Company s unrestricted securities were investment grade or better as of December 31, 2022. Given the generally high credit quality of the Company s AFS investment portfolio, management expects to realize all of its investment upon market recovery or the maturity of such instruments and thus believes that any impairment in value is interest-rate-related and therefore temporary. AFS securities included gross unrealized losses of 62.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

U.S. treasury securities 

242,470 

45 

- 

0 

U.S. government agencies 

28,755 

6 

31,581 

11 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

167,076 

31 

170,964 

56 

Corporate bonds 

18,729 

3 

- 

0 

Municipal bonds 

81,156 

15 

101,272 

33 

Total available for sale securities at fair value 

538,186 

100 

303,817 

100 

All mortgage-backed securities included in the above tables were issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. At December 31, 2022, the securities issued by political subdivisions or agencies were highly rated with 100 of the municipal bonds having A+ or higher ratings. Approximately 63 of the municipal bonds are general obligation bonds, and issuers are geographically diverse. The Company held no issues that exceeded 10 of the Company s shareholders' equity at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s holdings of restricted securities totaled 5.1 million and 5.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and consisted of stock in the Federal Reserve Bank, stock in the FHLB, and stock in CBB Financial Corporation, the holding company for Community Bankers Bank, and an investment in an SBA loan fund. The Bank is required to hold stock in the Federal Reserve Bank and the FHLB as a condition of membership with each of these correspondent banks. The amount of stock required to be held by the Bank is periodically assessed by each bank, and the Bank may be subject to purchase or surrender stock held in these banks, as determined by their respective calculations. Stock ownership in the bank holding company for Community Bankers Bank provides the Bank with several benefits that are not available to non-shareholder correspondent banks. None of these stock issues are traded on the open market and can only be redeemed by the respective issuer. Restricted stock holdings are recorded at cost. 
 The table shown below details the amortized cost and fair value of AFS securities at December 31, 2022 based upon contractual maturities, by major investment categories. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers have the right to call or prepay obligations. The tax-equivalent yield is based upon a federal tax rate of 21 . Refer to the Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures table within the Non-GAAP Presentations section earlier in Item 7. 
 42 

Maturity Distribution and Average Yields 

Contractual Maturities of Debt Securities at December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield (FTE) 

of Debt Securities 

U.S. treasury securities 

One year or less 

192,843 

191,180 

2.63 

After one year to five years 

52,740 

51,290 

2.72 

245,583 

242,470 

2.65 

40.9 

U.S. government-sponsored agencies: 

After one to five years 

900 

808 

2.00 

After five years to ten years 

30,382 

25,060 

1.53 

Ten years or more 

4,000 

2,887 

1.79 

35,282 

28,755 

1.57 

5.9 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

One year or less 

1,515 

1,485 

0.35 

After one year to five years 

9,553 

8,987 

1.28 

After five years to ten years 

3,096 

2,779 

1.64 

Ten years or more 

180,800 

153,825 

1.97 

194,964 

167,076 

1.91 

32.5 

Corporate bonds 

After one year to five years 

17,682 

16,933 

3.37 

After five to ten years 

1,899 

1,796 

3.31 

19,581 

18,729 

3.36 

3.3 

Municipal bonds 

After one to five years 

2,472 

2,367 

3.48 

After five to ten years 

17,665 

16,151 

1.63 

Ten years or more 

84,694 

62,638 

2.47 

104,831 

81,156 

2.33 

17.4 

Total Debt Securities Available for Sale 

600,241 

538,186 

2.37 

100.0 

Weighted average yield is calculated based on the relative amortized cost of the securities. Yields on tax-exempt securities have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using the federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 As stated, the preceding table reflects the distribution of the contractual maturities of the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022. Management s investment portfolio strategy is to structure the portfolio so that it is a constant source of liquidity for the balance sheet. In order to achieve greater liquidity in the portfolio, securities that have a monthly flow of principal repayments become a key component. To illustrate the difference between contractual maturity and average life, consider the difference for the fixed rate mortgage-backed securities (MBS) component of this portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average maturity of the fixed rate MBS sector was 17.5 years, and the projected average life for this group of securities is 7.7 years. 
 Another indication of the investment portfolio s liquidity potential is shown by the projected annual principal cash flow from maturities, callable bonds, and monthly principal repayments. For the next three years, the principal cash flows are estimated to be 220.9 million for 2023, 77.2 million for 2024, and 31.0 million for 2025, based upon rates remaining at current levels. This represents approximately 61 of the investment portfolio s AFS balance at December 31, 2022 that will be available to support the future liquidity needs of the Company. Cash flow projections are subject to change based upon changes to market interest rates. 
 
 43 

Loan Portfolio 
 The Company s objective is to maintain the historically strong credit quality of the loan portfolio by maintaining rigorous underwriting standards. These standards coupled with regular evaluation of the creditworthiness of, and the designation of lending limits for, each borrower has helped the Company achieve this objective. The primary portfolio strategy includes seeking industry and loan size diversification in order to minimize credit exposure and originating loans in markets with which the Company is familiar. The predominant market area for loans includes Charlottesville, Albemarle County, Fauquier County, Prince William County, Winchester, Frederick County, Manassas, Richmond and areas in the Commonwealth of Virginia, State of Maryland, District of Columbia and portions of West Virginia that are within a 100 mile radius of any Virginia National Bank location. 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 936.4 million as of December 31, 2022 or 57.7 of total assets. Loan balances decreased 124.8 million, or 11.8 , from the balance of 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. Note that all loan balances are presented net of credit and other fair value discounts, when applicable. The table below shows the composition of the loan portfolio: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Commercial loans 

71,139 

96,696 

Real estate mortgage: 

Construction and land 

37,541 

79,331 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

323,185 

358,148 

Commercial 

459,125 

473,632 

Total real estate mortgage 

819,851 

911,111 

Consumer 

45,425 

53,404 

Total loans 

936,415 

1,061,211 

Less: Allowance for loan losses 

(5,552) 

(5,984) 

Net loans 

930,863 

1,055,227 

The Company's planned strategy to further improve asset quality through negotiation of loan paydowns as well as PPP forgiveness resulted in a decrease in loan balances from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The decrease from December 31, 2021 is due predominantly to: (1) workouts and paydowns of Acquired Loans of 61.8 million, (2) paydowns of legacy organic loans due mainly to business sales, property sales, refinances and participation fluctuations of 55.3 million, and (3) the forgiveness of SBA PPP loans in the amount of 20.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, only 231 thousand of PPP loans remain outstanding on the Bank's balance sheet. 
 At December 31, 2022, the loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 63.3 , compared to 59.1 at December 31, 2021. 
 Based on underwriting standards, loans may be secured in whole or in part by collateral such as liquid assets, accounts receivable, equipment, inventory and real property. The collateral securing any loan may depend on the type of loan and may vary in value based on market conditions. 
 The Company s real estate loan portfolio decreased by 91.3 million to a balance of 819.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 911.1 million at December 31, 2021. This category comprises 87.6 of all loans, and these loans are secured by mortgages on real property located principally in our market area. Of this amount, approximately 323.2 million represented loans on 1-4 family residential properties. Commercial real estate loans totaled 459.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Sources of repayment are from the borrower s operating profits, cash flows and liquidation of pledged collateral. The remaining real estate loans were comprised of construction and land development loans which totaled 37.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s commercial and industrial loan portfolio totaled 71.1 million, a 25.6 million decline from the 96.7 million balance at year-end 2021. This category, representing approximately 7.6 of all loans, includes loans made to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses, as well as loans purchased on the syndicated and government guaranteed markets. The Company participated in the PPP loan initiative during 2020 and 2021 with balances of 20.7 million and 231 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Forgiveness of a significant amount of PPP loans during 2022 contributed to the overall balance reductions. 
 Consumer loans, comprised of student loans purchased, revolving credit, and other fixed payment loans, totaled 45.4 million as of December 31, 2022 or 4.9 of all loans. Consumer loans ended 2022 with balances 8.0 million lower than the prior year-end, primarily due to normal amortization within the student loan portfolio. 
 44 

The following table presents the maturity/repricing distribution of the Company s loans at December 31, 2022. The table also presents the portion of loans that have fixed interest rates or variable/floating interest rates that fluctuate over the life of the loans in accordance with changes in an interest rate index such as the Wall Street Journal prime rate or U.S. Treasury bond indices. 
 Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

One Year or Less 

After One to Five Years 

After Five to 15 Years 

After 15 Years 

Total 

Fixed Rate: 

Commercial loans 

5,254 

15,610 

4,769 

26 

25,659 

Real estate construction and land 

4,106 

9,173 

5,657 

- 

18,936 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

5,150 

16,277 

96,243 

63,477 

181,147 

Commercial mortgages 

20,785 

126,007 

44,826 

- 

191,618 

Consumer 

3,570 

11,288 

798 

248 

15,904 

Total fixed rate loans 

38,865 

178,355 

152,293 

63,751 

433,264 

Variable Rate: 

Commercial loans 

22,193 

19,650 

3,637 

- 

45,480 

Real estate construction and land 

3,613 

8,807 

6,185 

- 

18,605 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

43,517 

93,403 

5,118 

- 

142,038 

Commercial mortgages 

101,730 

148,806 

16,971 

- 

267,507 

Consumer 

29,521 

- 

- 

- 

29,521 

Total variable rate loans 

200,574 

270,666 

31,911 

- 

503,151 

Total loans 

239,439 

449,021 

184,204 

63,751 

936,415 

Total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included loans purchased in connection with the Merger. These loans were recorded at estimated fair value on the date of acquisition without the carryover of the related ALLL. The following table presents the outstanding principal balance and the carrying amount of purchased loans: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Acquired Loans - Purchased Credit Impaired 

Acquired Loans - Purchased Performing 

Acquired Loans - Total 

Outstanding principal balance 

43,250 

290,604 

333,854 

Carrying amount: 

Commercial 

630 

12,606 

13,236 

Real estate construction and land 

1,461 

8,530 

9,991 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

9,076 

164,280 

173,356 

Commercial mortgages 

20,828 

99,206 

120,034 

Consumer 

72 

1,277 

1,349 

Total acquired loans 

32,067 

285,899 

317,966 

For a description of the Company's accounting for purchased performing and PCI loans, see Critical Accounting Estimates earlier in Item 7. 
 
 Loan Asset Quality 
 Intrinsic to the lending process is the possibility of loss. While management endeavors to minimize this risk, it recognizes that loan losses will occur and that the amount of these losses will fluctuate depending on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, which in turn depend on current and future economic conditions, the financial condition of borrowers, the realization of collateral, and the credit management process. 
 Generally, loans are placed on non-accrual status when management believes, after considering economic and business conditions and collections efforts, that it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, or when the loan is past due for 90 days or more, unless the debt is both well-secured and in the process of collection. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had loans classified as non-accrual with balances of 673 thousand and 495 thousand, respectively. The non-accrual balance as of December 31, 2022 consists of four loans to three borrowers. 
 45 

Acquired Loans that otherwise would be in non-accrual status are not included in this figure, as they earn interest through the yield accretion. 
 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest amounted to 705 thousand as of December 31, 2022, compared to 801 thousand as of December 31, 2021. The 2022 balance includes a 646 thousand loan which was brought current shortly after year-end. The current portfolio only includes three non-insured student loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest, amounting to 59 thousand. Loans acquired during the Merger that are greater than 90 days past due and still accruing interest are included in this figure, net of their fair value mark. 
 TDRs occur when the Company agrees to modify the original terms of a loan by granting a concession that it would not otherwise consider due to the deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. These concessions are done in an attempt to improve the paying capacity of the borrower, and in some cases to avoid foreclosure, and are made with the intent to restore the loan to a performing status once sufficient payment history can be demonstrated. These concessions could include reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions. TDRs that are considered to be performing continue to accrue interest under the terms of the restructuring agreement. TDRs that have been placed in non-accrual status are considered to be nonperforming. 
 Total performing TDR balances declined to 788 thousand as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Based on regulatory guidance issued in 2016 on Student Lending, the Company classified 46 of its student loans purchased as TDRs for a total of 700 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 58 of its student loans purchased as TDRs for a total of 935 thousand as of December 31, 2021. Nonperforming TDR balances remained at 495 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The table below summarizes the Company's credit ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2022: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total loans 

936,415 

1,061,211 

Nonaccrual loans 

673 

495 

Allowance for loan losses 

5,552 

5,984 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.07 

0.05 

ALLL to total loans 

0.59 

0.56 

ALLL to nonaccrual loans 

824.96 

1208.89 

See Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details regarding the Company s loan asset quality measurements. 
 
 46 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 In general, the Company determines the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses by considering the risk classification and delinquency status of loans and other factors. Management may also establish specific allowances for loans which management believes require allowances greater than those allocated according to their risk classification. The purpose of the allowance is to provide for losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Since risks to the loan portfolio include general economic trends as well as conditions affecting individual borrowers, the allowance is an estimate. The Company is committed to determining, on an ongoing basis, the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses. 
 The Company applies historical loss rates to various pools of loans based on risk rating classifications. In addition, the adequacy of the allowance is further evaluated by applying estimates of loss that could be attributable to any one of the following eight qualitative factors: 
 1) Changes in national and local economic conditions, including the condition of various market segments; 

2) Changes in the value of underlying collateral; 

3) Changes in volume of classified assets, measured as a percentage of capital; 

4) Changes in volume of delinquent loans; 

5) The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; 

6) Changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards; 

7) Changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff; and 

8) Changes in the level of policy exceptions. 

Management utilizes a loss migration model for determining the quantitative risk assigned to unimpaired loans in order to capture historical loss information at the loan level, track loss migration through risk grade deterioration, and increase efficiencies related to performing the calculations by further segmenting the loan classes. The quantitative risk factor for each loan class primarily utilizes a migration analysis loss method based on loss history for the prior twelve quarters. 
 See Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for further details of the risk factors considered by management in estimating the necessary level of the allowance for loan losses. 
 Activity for the allowance for loan losses is provided in the following table: 

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Commercial Loans 

Real Estate Construction and Land 

Real Estate Mortgages 

Consumer Loans 

Total 

Allowance for Loan Losses: 

Balance as of beginning of year 

252 

399 

4,478 

855 

5,984 

Charge-offs 

(600) 

- 

- 

(654) 

(1,254) 

Recoveries 

519 

9 

11 

178 

717 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

23 

(187) 

(51) 

320 

105 

Balance at end of year 

194 

221 

4,438 

699 

5,552 

Average loans 

81,410 

59,564 

787,674 

49,619 

978,267 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 

0.10 

-0.02 

0.00 

0.96 

0.05 

47 

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Commercial Loans 

Real Estate Construction and Land 

Real Estate Mortgages 

Consumer Loans 

Total 

Allowance for Loan Losses: 

Balance as of beginning of year 

209 

160 

3,897 

1,189 

5,455 

Charge-offs 

(147) 

- 

- 

(688) 

(835) 

Recoveries 

191 

12 

6 

141 

350 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

(1) 

227 

575 

213 

1,014 

Balance at end of year 

252 

399 

4,478 

855 

5,984 

Average loans 

145,462 

82,642 

726,065 

63,039 

1,017,208 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 

-0.03 

-0.01 

0.00 

0.87 

0.05 

As of December 31, 2022, the ALLL was 5.6 million , a net decrease of 432 thousand from 5,984 at December 31, 2021. Management s estimates for the ALLL resulted in the Company s allowance to total loans outstanding ratio of 0.59 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.56 at December 31, 2021. Note that without the impact of acquired loans and the fair value mark, the ALLL to total loans outstanding would have been 0.90 as of December 31, 2022 and 0.95 as of December 31, 2021; furthermore, the ALLL to total loans plus the fair value mark amount to 2.29 as of December 31, 2022 and 2.30 as of December 31, 2021 (for reconcilement of non-GAAP measures, see the Non-GAAP Presentation section earlier in Item 7). 
 During 2022, there were 1.3 million in loan balances charged off, with a total of 717 thousand in recoveries of previously charged-off balances, resulting in net charge-offs of 538 thousand. During 2021, there were 835 thousand in loan balances charged off, with a total of 350 thousand in recoveries of previously charged-off balances, resulting in net charge-offs of 485 thousand. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans was 0.05 and 0.05 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The table below provides an allocation of year-end allowance for loan losses by loan type; however, allocation of a portion of the allowance to one loan category does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 
 Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Allowance 

Percentage of loans in each category to total loans 

Commercial loans 

194 

7.60 

Real estate construction and land 

221 

4.01 

Real estate mortgages 

4,438 

83.54 

Consumer 

699 

4.85 

Total 

5,552 

100.00 

December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Allowance 

Percentage of loans in each category to total loans 

Commercial loans 

252 

9.11 

Real estate construction 

399 

7.48 

Real estate mortgages 

4,478 

78.38 

Consumer 

855 

5.03 

Total 

5,984 

100.00 

Deposits 
 Depository accounts represent the Company s primary source of funding and are comprised of demand deposits, interest-bearing checking accounts, money market deposit accounts and time deposits. These deposits have been provided predominantly by individuals, businesses and charitable organizations in the Charlottesville/Albemarle County, Fauquier County, Manassas, Prince William County, Richmond and Winchester market areas. 
 48 

Depository accounts held by the Company as of December 31, 2022, totaled 1.5 billion, a decrease of 317.8 million or 17.69 compared to the December 31, 2021 total of 1.8 billion. 
 At December 31, 2022, the balances of non-interest bearing demand deposits were 495.6 million or 33.5 of total deposits, a 5.10 decrease from 522.3 million at December 31, 2021. Interest-bearing transaction and money market accounts totaled 867.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 244.3 million compared to 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The Company offers ICS , which allows customers access to multi-million-dollar FDIC insurance on funds placed into demand deposit and/or money market deposit accounts. As of December 31, 2022, the reciprocal ICS balances included in demand deposit and money market accounts were 42.0 million and 92.6 million, respectively. The Company s low-cost deposit accounts, which include both non-interest and interest bearing checking accounts as well as money market accounts, represented 92.2 of total deposit account balances at December 31, 2022 and compared favorably to the 91.0 of total deposit account balances at December 31, 2021. 
 Certificates of deposit and other time deposit balances decreased 46.9 million to 115.1 million at December 31, 2022 from the balance of 162.0 million at December 31, 2021. Included in this deposit total were reciprocal relationships under CDARS , whereby depositors can obtain FDIC insurance on deposits up to 50 million. These reciprocal CDARS deposits totaled 4.0 million and 6.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Average Balances and Rates Paid 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 

526,389 

434,989 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Interest checking 

409,504 

0.06 

355,419 

0.07 

Money market and savings deposits 

563,374 

0.37 

529,027 

0.39 

Time deposits 

144,564 

0.45 

152,211 

0.73 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,117,442 

0.27 

1,036,657 

0.33 

Total deposits 

1,643,831 

1,471,646 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated amounts of total uninsured deposits were 459.4 million and 585.6 million, respectively. 
 Maturities of time deposits in excess of FDIC insurance limits as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Percentage 

Three months or less 

18,657 

64.49 

Over three months to six months 

3,373 

11.66 

Over six months to one year 

1,395 

4.82 

Over one year 

5,505 

19.03 

Totals 

28,930 

100.00 

Borrowings 
 Borrowings, consisting primarily of FHLB advances and federal funds purchased, are additional sources of funds for the Company. The level of these borrowings is determined by various factors, including customer demand and the Company's ability to earn a favorable spread on the funds obtained. 
 The Company has a collateral dependent line of credit with the FHLB. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company prepaid 100 of its outstanding FHLB advances, which positively impacted interest expense by 416 thousand as a result of accelerating the accretion of the fair value purchase mark on such acquired Fauquier debt. A prepayment penalty in the amount of 243 thousand was incurred and is reported in noninterest expense, netting to an overall gain on the transaction of 173 thousand. The Company had no outstanding borrowings from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an off-balance sheet letter of credit in the amount of 30.0 million, issued in favor of the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of the Treasury to secure public fund depository accounts. This letter of credit is secured by commercial mortgages. 
 49 

Additional borrowing arrangements maintained by the Bank include formal federal funds lines with six correspondent banks. The Company had no outstanding balances in federal funds purchased as of December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 Total borrowings consist of the following as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

FHLB advances 

- 

- 

30,000 

Total borrowings 

- 

- 

30,000 

Maximum amount at any month-end during the year 

- 

42,575 

40,000 

Annual average balance outstanding 

- 

23,700 

15,419 

Annual average interest rate paid 

- 

0.82 

0.47 

Annual average interest rate, including impact of fair value mark 

- 

-1.18 

0.47 

Annual interest rate at end of period 

- 

- 

0.48 

Details on available borrowing lines can be found later under Liquidity in the Asset/Liability Management section. 
 Junior Subordinated Debt 
 In 2006, a subsidiary of Fauquier, Fauquier Statutory Trust II, privately issued 4.0 million face amount of the trust s Floating Rate Capital Securities in a pooled capital securities offering. Simultaneously, the trust used the proceeds of that sale to purchase 4.0 million principal amount of the Fauquier s Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2036. As of December 31, 2022, total capital securities were 3.4 million, as adjusted to fair value as of the date of the Merger. The interest rate on the capital security resets every three months at 1.70 above the then current three-month LIBOR and is paid quarterly. Management is in communication with the issuer regarding the alternative reference rate that will apply after the discontinuance of LIBOR. 
 The Trust II issuance of capital securities and the respective subordinated debentures are callable at any time. The subordinated debentures are an unsecured obligation of the Company and are junior in right of payment to all present and future senior indebtedness of the Company. The capital securities are guaranteed by the Company on a subordinated basis. 
 
 ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT 
 The Company s primary earnings source is its net interest income; therefore, the Company devotes significant time and resources to assist in the management of interest rate risk and asset quality. The Company s net interest income is affected by changes in market interest rates and by the level and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company s objectives in its asset/liability management are to utilize its capital effectively, to provide adequate liquidity and to enhance net interest income, without taking undue risks or subjecting the Company unduly to interest rate fluctuations. The Company takes a coordinated approach to the management of its liquidity, capital and interest rate risk. This risk management process is governed by policies and limits established by the Bank s Asset/Liability Committee, which are reviewed and approved by the Bank s Board of Directors. This committee, which is comprised of directors and members of management, meets to review, among other things, economic conditions, interest rates, yield curves, cash flow projections, expected customer actions, liquidity levels, capital ratios and repricing characteristics of assets, liabilities and financial instruments. 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market indices such as interest rates. The Company s principal market risk exposure is interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to changes in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship between market interest rates and net interest income due to the repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities. The Company monitors the interest rate sensitivity of its balance sheet positions by examining its near-term sensitivity and its longer-term gap position. In its management of interest rate risk, the Company utilizes several financial and statistical tools including traditional gap analysis and sophisticated income simulation models. 
 A traditional gap analysis is prepared based on the maturity and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for selected time bands. The mismatch between repricings or maturities within a time band is commonly referred to as the gap for that period. A positive gap (asset sensitive) where interest rate sensitive assets 
 50 

exceed interest rate sensitive liabilities generally will result in the net interest margin increasing in a rising rate environment and decreasing in a falling rate environment. A negative gap (liability sensitive) will generally have the opposite result on the net interest margin. The Company s balance sheet structure is primarily short-term in nature with a substantial portion of rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities repricing or maturing within one year, as shown in the Gap Interest Sensitivity Analysis table below. 
 Gap Interest Sensitivity Analysis 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Within 

90 to 365 

One to Four 

Over 

Non Rate 

90 Days 

Days 

Years 

Four Years 

Sensitive 

Total 

Assets 

Loans 

218,098 

104,438 

453,756 

173,673 

(13,550) 

936,415 

Investment securities 

57,122 

187,914 

146,348 

213,930 

(61,991) 

543,323 

Federal funds sold 

45 

- 

- 

- 

- 

45 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

19,098 

- 

- 

- 

- 

19,098 

Non-interest-earning assets and allowance for loan losses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

123,972 

123,972 

Total assets 

294,363 

292,352 

600,104 

387,603 

48,431 

1,622,853 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Interest checking 

10,000 

29,998 

119,995 

239,990 

- 

399,983 

Money market and savings deposits 

14,208 

99,449 

113,656 

240,287 

- 

467,600 

Time deposits 

5,331 

86,458 

21,898 

1,409 

10 

115,106 

Junior subordinated debt 

- 

3,413 

- 

- 

- 

3,413 

Non-interest bearing liabilities and shareholders' equity 

- 

- 

- 

- 

636,751 

636,751 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

29,539 

219,318 

255,549 

481,686 

636,761 

1,622,853 

Period gap 

264,824 

73,034 

344,555 

(94,083) 
 
 N/A 

588,330 

Cumulative gap 

264,824 

337,858 

682,413 

588,330 

N/A 

588,330 

Ratio of cumulative gap to cumulative earning assets 

89.97 

57.58 

57.50 

37.37 

The Company utilizes the gap analysis to complement its income simulations modeling. However, the traditional gap analysis does not assess the relative sensitivity of assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates and other factors that could have an impact on interest rate sensitivity or net interest income. 
 ALCO routinely monitors simulated net interest income sensitivity over a rolling two-year horizon. It also utilizes additional tools to monitor potential longer-term interest rate risk. The income simulation models measure the Company s net interest income volatility or sensitivity to interest rate changes utilizing statistical techniques that allow the Company to consider various factors which impact net interest income. These factors include actual maturities, estimated cash flows, repricing characteristics, deposit growth/retention and, most importantly, the relative sensitivity of the Company s assets and liabilities to changes in market interest rates. This relative sensitivity is important to consider as the Company s core deposit base has not been subject to the same degree of interest rate sensitivity as its assets. The core deposit costs are internally managed and tend to exhibit less sensitivity to changes in interest rates than the Company s adjustable rate assets whose yields are based on external indices and generally change in concert with market interest rates. The Company s interest rate sensitivity is determined by identifying the probable impact of changes in market interest rates on the yields on the Company s assets and the rates that would be paid on its liabilities. This modeling technique involves a degree of estimation based on certain assumptions that management believes to be reasonable. Utilizing this process, management projects the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest margin. The Company has established certain policy limits for the potential volatility of its net interest margin assuming certain levels of changes in market interest rates with the objective of maintaining a stable net interest margin under various probable rate scenarios. Management generally has maintained a risk position well within the policy limits. 
 As market conditions vary from those assumed in the income simulation models, actual results will also differ due to: prepayment/refinancing levels likely deviating from those assumed, the varying impact of interest rate change caps or floors on adjustable rate assets, the potential effect of changing debt service levels on customers with adjustable rate loans, depositor early withdrawals and product preference changes, and other variables. Furthermore, this sensitivity analysis does not reflect actions that the ALCO might take in responding to or anticipating changes in interest rates. 
 In simulating the effects of upward and downward changes in market rates to net interest income over a rolling two-year horizon, the model utilizes a static balance sheet approach where balance sheet composition or mix as of the measurement date is maintained over the two-year horizon. Similarly, the base case simulation performed assumes interest rates on the measurement date are unchanged for the next 24 months. Then the simulation assumes all rate indices are instantaneously 
 51 

shocked upward and downward by 100 bps to 400 basis points, in 100 basis point increments. Due to the low level of interest rates, the shock down analysis where the rates fall 300 basis points or more are not considered meaningful and are therefore not shown in the results below as of December 31, 2022 . 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Change in Net Interest Income 

Change in Yield Curve 
 
 Percentage 

Amount 

+400 bps 

15.42 

15,451 

+300 bps 

14.97 

15,002 

+200 bps 

10.34 

10,363 

+100 bps 

5.35 

5,365 

Base case 

0.00 

- 

-100 bps 

-2.85 

(2,853) 

-200 bps 

-5.86 

(5,870) 

In addition to monitoring the effects to interest income, the model computes the effects to the economic value of equity using the same static balance sheet with immediate and parallel rate changes for the same rate change horizons. The Asset/Liability Committee monitors the results compared to policy limits that have been established. 
 As individual rate indices have not historically moved to the same degree, non-parallel rate shocks are also performed to add a degree of sophistication over the parallel rate shocks. In these analyses, the effects to net interest income and market value of equity are computed using eight different scenarios. Changing slopes and twists of the yield curve are achieved by incorporating both likely and unlikely change across different tenors. Since Federal funds rates may not change to the same degree or direction that longer term Treasury bonds may move, the different scenarios are analyzed so that management and the Asset/Liability Committee can monitor risks as they more severely stress the Company s balance sheet. 
 The shape of the yield curve can cause downward pressure on net interest income. In general, if and to the extent that the yield curve is flatter (i.e., the differences between interest rates for different maturities are relatively smaller) than previously anticipated, then the yield on the Company s interest earning assets and its cash flows will tend to be lower. Management believes that an inverted or relatively flat yield curve could adversely the Company s net interest income in 2023. 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity represents the Company s ability to provide funds to meet customer demand for loan and deposit withdrawals without impairing profitability. Effective management of balance sheet liquidity is necessary to fund growth in earning assets and to pay liability maturities and depository customers withdrawal requirements. The Company maintains a Liquidity Management Policy that is approved by the Board of Directors. The policy sets limits in a number of areas, including limits on the amount of non-core liabilities, and funding long-term assets with non-core liabilities. 
 The Bank s customer base has provided a stable source of funds and liquidity. Limits contained within the Bank s Investment Policy also provides for appropriate levels of liquidity through maturities and cash flows within the securities portfolio. Other sources of balance sheet liquidity are obtained from the repayment of loan proceeds and overnight investments. The Bank has numerous secondary sources of liquidity including access to borrowing arrangements from a number of correspondent banks. Available borrowing arrangements maintained by the Bank include formal federal funds lines with six major regional correspondent banks, access to advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank and access to the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 Borrowing Lines 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Correspondent Banks 

117,000 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 

39,120 

Total Available 

156,120 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding advances with the FHLB. 
 Any excess funds are sold on a daily basis in the federal funds market or maintained on account at the Federal Reserve. The Company maintained an average of 100.0 million outstanding in federal funds sold, an average of 161.3 million at the Federal Reserve and an average of less than 1 thousand in federal funds purchased during 2022 due to annual testing 
 52 

of the federal funds lines. On December 31, 2022 the Company had no balance outstanding in federal funds purchased. The Company intends to maintain sufficient liquidity at all times to meet its funding commitments. 
 Capital 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require banks and bank holding companies to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ); (ii) a ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); (iii) a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the 2.5 capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to balance sheet exposures plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average for each quarter of the month-end ratios for the quarter). 
 The Tier 1, common equity Tier 1, total capital to risk-weighted assets, and leverage ratios of the Bank were 16.82 , 16.82 , 17.38 and 9.62 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, exceeding the minimum requirements. 
 With respect to the Bank, to be well capitalized under the PCA regulations, a bank must have the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.0 ; (iii) a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10.0 ; and (iv) a leverage ratio of at least 5.0 . The Bank exceeds the thresholds to be considered well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. 
 On September 17, 2019 the FDIC finalized a rule that introduced an optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations, referred to as, the community bank leverage ratio framework, as required by the EGRRCPA. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. 
 In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a Tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent, less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance-sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the PCA regulations and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital. 
 The CBLR framework was made available for community banking organizations to use in their March 31, 2020 Call Report. The Company has not opted into the CBLR framework. 
 The Basel III capital regulations and CBLR framework are discussed in greater detail under the caption Supervision and Regulation, found earlier in this report under Item 1. Business. In addition, information regarding the Company s risk-based capital at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is presented in Note 15 Capital Requirements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Using the most recent capital requirements, the Bank s capital ratios remain above the levels designated by bank regulators as well capitalized at December 31, 2022. 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 The Company s financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the financial position and operating results to be measured principally in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Inflation affects the Company s results of operations mainly through increased operating costs, but since nearly all of the Company s assets and liabilities are monetary in nature, changes in interest rates affect the financial condition of the Company to a greater degree than changes in the rate of inflation. Although interest rates are greatly influenced by changes in the inflation rate, they do not necessarily change at the same rate or in the same magnitude as the inflation rate. The Company s management reviews pricing of its products and services, in light of current and expected costs due to inflation, to mitigate the inflationary impact on financial performance. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments consist primarily of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Additional information concerning the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements is contained in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 The Company and its subsidiaries have business dealings with companies owned by directors and beneficial shareholders of the Company. In 2022 and 2021, leasing/rental expenditures of 528 thousand and 520 thousand respectively, 
 53 

(including reimbursements for taxes, insurance, and other expenses) were paid to an entity indirectly owned by a director of the Company. 
 Contractual Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries enter into contractual obligations, including obligations on lease arrangements, contractual commitments for capital expenditures, and service contracts. The significant contractual obligations include the leasing of certain of its banking and operations offices under operating lease agreements on terms ranging from 1 to 10 years, most with renewal options. 
 Following is a schedule of future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases that have initial or remaining terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2022: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 1 year or less 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

After 5 years 

Total 

Operating lease obligations 

1,567 

2,387 

1,398 

1,141 

6,493 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATI VE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Not required for smaller reporting company. 
 54 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Virginia National Bankshares Corporation Charlottesville, Virginia 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Corporation) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Corporation is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

55 

Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors 
 As described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses to the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation maintains an allowance for loan losses that represents management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. For loans that are not specifically identified for impairment, management determines the allowance for loan losses based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. Qualitative adjustments to the historical loss experience are established by applying a loss percentage to the loan segments established by management based on their assessment of shared risk characteristics within groups of similar loans. 
 
 Qualitative factors are determined based on management s continuing evaluation of inputs and assumptions underlying the quality of the loan portfolio. Management evaluates qualitative factors by loan segment, primarily considering changes in current economic conditions, collateral values, classified asset and delinquency trends, the existence and effect of concentrations, lending policies and procedures, the experience and depth of the lending team, and policy exception levels. Qualitative factors contribute significantly to the allowance for loan losses. Management exercised significant judgment when assessing the qualitative factors in estimating the allowance for loan losses. We identified the assessment of the qualitative factors as a critical audit matter as auditing the qualitative factors involved especially complex and subjective auditor judgment in evaluating management s assessment of the inherently subjective estimates. 
 
 The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Substantively testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions for developing the qualitative factors, which included: 

Evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the qualitative factors. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the determination of qualitative factors. 

Evaluating the qualitative factors for directional consistency and for reasonableness. 

Testing the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the application of the qualitative factors. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Corporation s auditor since 1998. 

March 29, 2023 
 56 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except shares and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

Federal funds sold 

Securities: 

Available for sale, at fair value 

Restricted securities, at cost 

Total securities 

Loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Loans, net 

Premises and equipment, net 

Assets held for sale 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

Goodwill 

Core deposit intangible, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

- 

Other real estate owned, net 

- 

Right of use asset, net 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Demand deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Money market and savings deposit accounts 

Certificates of deposit and other time deposits 

Total deposits 

Junior subordinated debt 

Lease liability 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Common shares outstanding 

Common shares authorized 

Preferred shares outstanding 

Preferred shares authorized 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Interest and dividend income: 

Loans, including fees 

Federal funds sold 

Other interest-bearing deposits 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

Tax exempt 

Dividends 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest and dividend income: 

Demand and savings deposits 

Certificates and other time deposits 

Borrowings 

() 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest income: 

Wealth management fees 

Advisory and brokerage income 

Deposit account fees 

Debit/credit card and ATM fees 

Bank owned life insurance income 

Resolution of commercial dispute 

- 

Gain on sale of business line 

- 

Gains on sale of assets, net 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Net occupancy 

Equipment 

Bank franchise tax 

Computer software 

Data processing 

FDIC deposit insurance assessment 

Marketing, advertising and promotion 

Merger and merger-related expenses 

- 

Plastics expense 

Professional fees 

Core deposit intangible amortization 

Impairment on assets held for sale 

- 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per common share, basic 

Net income per common share, diluted 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized losses on securities, net of tax benefit of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

() 

() 

Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps, net of tax (benefit) of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

() 

Reclassification of unrealized loss on swap 

() 

- 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHA NGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Common 

Capital 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Stock 

Surplus 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued in acquisition of Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. 

- 

- 

Cash in lieu of fractional shares 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

Stock option expense 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock grant expense 

- 

- 

- 

Vested stock grants 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

Stock option expense 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock grant expense 

- 

- 

- 

Vested stock grants 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Net accretion of certain acquisition-related adjustments 

() 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Net amortization and (accretion) of securities 

() 

Net gains on sales of other assets 

() 

() 

Bank owned life insurance income 

() 

() 

Depreciation and other amortization 

Gain on sale of business line 

() 

- 

Decrease in goodwill and other intangibles resulting from sale of business line 

- 

Impairment charge on assets held for sale 

- 

Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Stock option expense 

Stock grant expense 

Net change in: 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

() 

() 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of Fauquier Bankshares 

- 

Purchases of available for sale securities 

() 

() 

Net increase in restricted investments 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal payments of available for sale securities 

Net decrease in loans 

Proceeds from sale of loans 

- 

Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

- 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

() 

- 

Purchase of bank premises and equipment, net 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (decrease) increase in demand deposits, NOW accounts, and money market accounts 

() 

Net decrease in certificates of deposit and other time deposits 

() 

() 

Net decrease in other borrowings 

- 

() 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Unrealized losses on available for sale securities 

() 

() 

Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps 

() 

Assets acquired in business combination 

- 

Liabilities assumed in business combination 

- 

Change in goodwill 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share and (b) shares of preferred stock at a par value per share. There is currently preferred stock outstanding. The Company is regulated under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended and is subject to inspection, examination, and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Virginia National Bank (the Bank) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and was organized in 1998 under federal law as a national banking association to engage in a general commercial and retail banking business. The Bank is also headquartered in Charlottesville, Virginia and primarily serves the Virginia communities in and around the cities of Charlottesville, Winchester, Manassas and Richmond, and the counties of Albemarle, Fauquier, Frederick and Prince William. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to the supervision, examination and regulation of the OCC. The Bank offers a full range of banking and related financial services to meet the needs of individuals, businesses and charitable organizations, including the fiduciary services of VNB Trust and Estate Services. Until the sale of the business line on December 19, 2022, the Bank also offered, through networking agreements with third parties, investment advisory and other investment services under Sturman Wealth Advisors. Refer to Note 21 - Sale of Sturman Wealth Advisors for more information regarding the sale of such business line. Investment management services are offered through Masonry Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment adviser and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Bank, through its financial subsidiary Fauquier Bank Services, Inc., has equity ownership interests in Bankers Insurance, LLC, a Virginia independent insurance company, and Bankers Title Shenandoah, LLC, a title insurance company, both of which are owned by a consortium of Virginia community banks. The Bank has another subsidiary, Special Properties Acquisition - VA, LLC, which was originally formed by Fauquier to hold other real estate owned; however, there are assets currently held by this subsidiary. In addition, the Company owns Fauquier Statutory Trust II Trust II ), which is an unconsolidated subsidiary. The subordinated debt owed to Trust II is reported as a liability of the Company. 
 , the Company completed the Merger with Fauquier with and into the Company for total consideration paid of million. In connection with the transaction, TFB, Fauquier's wholly-owned bank subsidiary, was merged with and into the Bank. Additional information about this transaction is presented in Note 2 Business Combinations. 

with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies. Further information regarding the Company s policies and methodology used to estimate the allowance for loan losses is presented in Note 5 Allowance for Loan Losses. Information concerning the Company s adoption of ASC 326, effective January 1, 2023, is presented later in this Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, under Recent Accounting Pronouncements. 
 
 to years. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The costs of major renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Upon disposition, the asset and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the books and any resulting gain or loss is charged to income. More information regarding premises and equipment is presented in Note 6 Premises and Equipment. 
 to , to their estimated residual values. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life included on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management has concluded that no impairment of these assets existed as of the balance sheet date. More information regarding intangible assets is presented in Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 are based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. Additional information on fair value measurements is presented in Note 17 Fair Value Measurements. 

cash flows to be received or paid in conjunction with recognized assets or liabilities (cash flow hedge). For a derivative treated as a fair value hedge, a change in fair value is recorded as an adjustment to the hedged item and recognized in net income. For a derivative treated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of a change in fair value is recorded as an adjustment to the hedged item and recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders equity. For a derivative treated as a cash flow hedge, the ineffective portion of a change in fair value is recorded as an adjustment to the hedged item and recognized in net income. Further information on the Company's derivative financial instruments is presented in Note 23 -Derivatives Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 
 such interest or penalties recognized. Further information on the Company s accounting policies for income taxes is presented in Note 11 Income Taxes. 

ASU 2016-13 effective in accordance with the required implementation date and recorded the impact of adoption to retained earnings, net of deferred income taxes, as required by the standard. The adjustment to retained earnings as a result of adoption is expected to be within a reasonable range of million to million from December 31, 2022 to January 1, 2023 and consists of adjustments to the ACL as well an adjustment to the Company's reserve for unfunded loan commitments. Subsequent to adoption, the Company will record adjustments to its ACL and reserve for unfunded commitments thought the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income. The Company established a working group to prepare for and implement changes related to ASC 326. This working group gathered historical loan loss data for purposes of evaluating appropriate portfolio segmentation and modeling methods under the standard related to the allowance for credit losses on loans, performed procedures to validate the historical loan loss data to ensure its suitability and reliability for purposes of developing an estimate of expected credit losses and engaged a vendor to assist in modeling expected lifetime losses under ASC 326. The Company expects to primarily utilize discounted cash flow methods for estimating the ACL on loans and has implemented policies and procedures for developing that estimate. The Company will also use the remaining life method for certain consumer related pools of loans. The Company is implementing changes to its policies and procedures related to measuring impairment of available for sale securities and does not expect a significant effect on the carrying value of the Company s available for sale securities as a result of the adoption of ASC 326. The adoption of ASC 326 and related changes in the Company s accounting policies will result in significant changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements, including differences in the timing of recognizing changes to the ACL, and will include expanded disclosures about the ACL, charge-offs and recoveries of loans, and certain loan modifications. The adoption of the standard also results in significant changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting related to the allowance for credit losses. During 2022, the Company calculated its CECL model in parallel to its incurred loss model in order to further refine the methodology and model. The Company performed an extensive comprehensive model validation internally by qualified personnel and has engaged an independent third party to perform a model review. LIBOR and Other Reference Rates - In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. This guidance provides temporary, optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform associated with the LIBOR transition. LIBOR and other interbank offered rates are widely used benchmark or reference rates that have been used in the valuation of loans, derivatives, and other financial contracts. Global capital markets are going to be required to move away from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates and toward rates that are more observable or transaction based and less susceptible to manipulation. Topic 848 provides optional expedients and exceptions, subject to meeting certain criteria, for applying current GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships, for contracts that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. Topic 848 is intended to help stakeholders during the global market-wide reference rate transition period. The amendments are effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2024 and can be adopted at an instrument level. To facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR and other benchmark rates to alternative reference rates, the Company has established a focus committee, which includes members of senior management, including the Chief Credit Officer and Chief Financial Officer, among others. The task of this committee is to identify, assess and monitor risks associated with the expected discontinuation or unavailability of benchmarks, including LIBOR, achieve operational readiness and engage impacted customers in connection with the transition to alternative reference rates. A complete inventory of instruments tied to LIBOR has been developed, and the focus committee is working through each of the instruments to determine ultimate resolution. TDRs and Vintage Disclosures In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 addresses areas identified by the FASB as part of its post-implementation review of the credit losses standard (ASU 2016-13) that introduced the CECL model. The amendments eliminate the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors that have adopted the CECL model and enhance the disclosure requirements for loan refinancings and restructurings made with borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. In addition, the amendments require a public business entity to disclose current-period gross write-offs for financing receivables and net investment in leases by year of origination in the vintage disclosures. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively, except for the transition method related to the recognition and measurement of TDRs, an entity has the option to apply a modified retrospective transition method, resulting in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the period of adoption. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13, ASU 2022-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities that have not yet adopted ASU 2016-13, the effective dates for ASU 2022-02 are the same as the effective dates in ASU 2016-13. Early adoption is permitted if an entity has adopted ASU 2016-13. An entity may elect to early adopt the amendments about TDRs and related disclosure enhancements separately from the amendments related to vintage disclosures. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2022-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. Other accounting standards that have been issued by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not currently expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

, the Company completed the Merger with Fauquier with and into the Company, with the Company surviving, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated September 30, 2020, between the Company and Fauquier. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, holders of shares of Fauquier common stock received shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Fauquier common stock held immediately prior to the Effective Date of the Merger, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. In connection with the transaction, the Company issued shares of its common stock to the shareholders of Fauquier and paid thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares. Each share of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger remained outstanding and was unaffected by the Merger. Shortly after the Effective Date of the Merger, TFB, Fauquier s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, was merged with and into Virginia National Bank, the Company s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, with Virginia National Bank surviving. The Company accounted for the Merger using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger and the common stock of the Company issued as consideration were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values. Determining the fair value of assets and liabilities, particularly related to the loan portfolio, is inherently subjective and involves significant judgment regarding the methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value. Under ASC 805, during the measurement period of up to one year, the acquirer shall adjust the amounts recognized at the acquisition date and may recognize additional assets or liabilities to reflect new information obtained from facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Measurement period adjustments are recognized in the reporting period in which they are determined. The measurement period may not exceed one year from the acquisition date. 

- 

Securities available for sale 

- 

Restricted securities 

- 

Loans, net 

() 

Premises and equipment 

Other real estate owned 

() 

Bank-owned life insurance 

- 

Right-of-use assets 

Core deposit intangible 
 
 - 

Other assets 

() 

Total assets acquired 

() 

Liabilities: 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Junior subordinated debt 

() 

Lease liability 

Other liabilities 

- 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Total consideration paid 

Goodwill resulting from merger 

In connection with the M erger, the Company recorded approximately million of goodwill and million of other intangible assets related to the core deposits of Fauquier. The goodwill arising from the Merger with Fauquier is not deductible for income taxes. The core deposit intangible asset will be amortized over a period of using the sum of years digits method. Loans acquired from Fauquier had aggregate outstanding principal of million and an estimated fair value of million. The discount between the outstanding principal balance and fair value of million represents expected credit losses and adjustments for market interest rates of million, offset by elimination of net deferred fees/costs of thousand. Under the acquisition method (ASC 805), the allowance for loan losses recorded in the books of Fauquier in the amount of million was not carried over into the books of the Company. As of the Effective Date, the fair value of the performing loans was million, which was less than the book value of the loans. The total fair value discount on performing loans of million consisted of a credit discount of million and an other fair value discount of thousand. Loans that have evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination are categorized as purchased credit impaired. As of the Effective Date, the fair value of PCI loans was million, which was below the book value of the loans. The total fair value mark on PCI loans of million consisted of a credit discount of million and an other fair value discount of million. 

Nonaccretable difference 
 
 () 

Expected cash flows at acquisition 

Accretable yield 
 
 () 

Basis in PCI loans at acquisition, estimated fair value 

Fair values of the major categories of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of the Merger were determined as follows: Cash and due from banks: The carrying amount of cash and due from banks was used as a reasonable estimate of fair value. Securities available for sale: The estimated fair value of AFS investment securities was based on quoted pricing from a third party portfolio accounting service vendor for the valuation of those securities. Loans: The Acquired Loans were recorded at fair value at the Merger date without carryover of Fauquier's allowance for loan losses or net deferred fee/costs. The fair value of the Acquired Loans was determined using market participant assumptions in estimating the amount and timing of both principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and then discounting those cash flows based on a discount rate that would be required by a market participant. In this regard, the Acquired Loans were segregated into pools based on loan type and credit risk. Loan type was determined based on collateral type, loan purpose and loan structure. Credit risk characteristics included risk rating groups (pass rated loans and adversely classified loans), updated loan-to-value ratios and lien position, and past loan performance. For valuation purposes, these pools were further disaggregated by maturity and pricing characteristics (e.g., fixed-rate, adjustable-rate, balloon maturities). Premises and equipment: The land and buildings acquired were recorded at fair value as determined by current appraisals by independent third parties and tax assessments at the Effective Date. Other real estate owned: OREO was recorded at fair value based on an existing purchase contract, less estimated selling costs. Bank owned life insurance: The carrying amount of bank owned life insurance was used as a reasonable estimate of fair value. Right of use assets and lease liabilities: Lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, as if the acquired lease were a new lease of the Company at the Effective Date. Right-of-use assets were measured at the same amount as the lease liability as adjusted to reflect favorable or unfavorable terms of the lease when compared with market terms. Core deposit intangible: The fair value of the CDI was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate based on the estimated cost of equity capital for a market participant. To calculate cash flows, deposit account servicing costs (net of deposit fee income) and interest expense on deposits were compared to the cost of alternative funding sources available through the FHLB. The life of the deposit base and projected deposit attrition rates were determined using Fauquier s historical deposit data. The CDI was estimated at m illion or of non-maturity deposits. Deposits: The fair value adjustment of deposits represents a premium over the value of the contractual repayments of fixed-maturity deposits using prevailing market interest rates for similar term certificates of deposit, using a discounted cash flow method. The resulting estimated fair value adjustment of certificates of deposit ranging in maturity from to is a thousand premium and is being amortized into income over a period of . Short-term borrowings: The fair value of borrowings was determined by comparison to current interest rates for similar borrowings. The resulting fair value adjustment to short-term borrowings is a thousand premium which will be amortized into interest expense over the remaining life of the debt on a straight-line basis. (Note that such borrowings were repaid in the third quarter of 2021, and therefore, the premium was fully amortized during 2021.) Junior subordinated debt: The fair value of the junior subordinated debt was determined by forecasting the cash flows at the stated coupon rate and discount at a prevailing market rate. The prevailing market rate was based on implied market yields for recently issued debt with similar duration, credit quality, seniority and structure, issued by institutions of similar asset size. The resulting estimated fair value adjustment of junior subordinated debt is a thousand discount and is being accreted to interest expense over the remaining life of the debt on a straight-line basis. The revenue and earnings amounts specific to Fauquier since the Effective Date that are included in the consolidated results for 2021 are not readily determinable. The disclosures of these amounts are impracticable due to the merging of certain processes and systems at the Effective Date. merger or merger-related expenses were incurred in 2022 . Merger and merger-related expenses were million million after taxes) for 2021. These costs included investment banker fees, expenses related to the integration of systems and operations, change of control payments, severance and stay-put bonuses and legal and consulting expenses, which have been expensed as incurred. The following amounts were accreted to income during 2022 : million increase to interest income (accretable yield from purchased performing loans), and thousand reduction to interest expense related to the time deposit fair value discount. During 2022 , the Company incurred million in amortization expense related to the core deposit intangible and thousand in amortization expense related to the junior subordinated debt. 

- 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

- 

() 

Corporate bonds 

- 

() 

Municipal bonds 

- 

() 

Total Securities Available for Sale 

() 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Gross Unrealized 

Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Cost 

Gains 

(Losses) 

Value 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

() 

Municipal bonds 

() 

Total Securities Available for Sale 

() 

All mortgage-backed securities included in the above tables were issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. At December 31, 2022 , the securities issued by political subdivisions or agencies were highly rated with of the municipal bonds having A+ or higher ratings. Approximately of the municipal bonds are general obligation bonds with issuers that are geographically diverse. Marketable equity securities consist of nominal investments made by the Company in equity positions of various community banks and bank holding companies and are reported in other assets at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. There were unrestricted securities classified as held to maturity as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Restricted securities are securities with limited marketability and consist of stock in the FRB, FHLB, CBBFC and an investment in an SBA loan fund. These restricted securities, totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are carried at cost. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , there were sales of securities. Securities pledged to secure deposits and for other purposes and to facilitate borrowing from the FRB , had carrying values of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

() 

- 

- 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-baked/CMOs 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Municipal bonds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or more 

Total 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed/CMOs 

() 

() 

() 

Municipal bonds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, there were million , or issues, of individual securities in a loss position. These securities had an unrealized loss of million and consisted of Treasury securities, Agency securities, mortgage-backed/CMOs, municipal bonds, and corporate securities. The Company s securities portfolio is primarily made up of fixed rate bonds, whose prices move inversely with interest rates. Any unrealized losses are largely due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. At the end of any accounting period, the portfolio may have both unrealized gains and losses. Management does not believe any of the securities in an unrealized loss position are impaired due to credit quality and does not intend to sell or believe it will be required to sell any of the securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, management believes the impairments detailed in the table above are temporary, and no impairment loss has been realized in the Company s consolidated income statements. 

After one year to five years 

U.S. Government agencies 

After one to five years 

After five years to ten years 

Ten years or more 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

One year or less 

After one year to five years 

After five years to ten years 

Ten years or more 

Corporate bonds 

After one year to five years 

After five years to ten years 

Municipal bonds 

After one year to five years 

After five years to ten years 

Ten years or more 

Total Debt Securities Available for Sale 

Real estate construction and land 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Commercial mortgages 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Less: Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

Net loans 

The balances in the table above include unamortized premiums and net deferred loan costs and fees. Unamortized premiums on loans purchased were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. Net deferred loan fees totaled thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Commercial loans reported above include (i) organic loans originated by the Bank s commercial lenders, (ii) PPP loans through the SBA as discussed above, (iii) the government guaranteed portion of loans which the Company purchased that are guaranteed by either the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) or the SBA; and (iv) syndicated loans, also referred to as shared national credits, purchased from national lending correspondents. The government guaranteed loans and the shared national credits are typically purchased at a premium. In the event of early prepayment, the Bank may need to write off any unamortized premium. Real estate construction and land loans consist primarily of loans for the purchase or refinance of unimproved lots or raw land. Additionally, the Company finances the construction of real estate projects typically where the permanent mortgage will remain with the Company. 1-4 family residential mortgages include consumer purpose 1-4 family residential properties and home equity loans, as well as investor-owned residential real estate. The Company typically originates residential mortgages with the intention of retaining in its portfolio adjustable-rate mortgages and shorter-term, fixed-rate loans. Currently, the Company only originates investor-owned residential mortgage loans. In addition, residential mortgages includes packages of 1-4 family residential mortgages that have been purchased, with each purchased loan individually underwritten by the Company prior to the closing of the sale. The balance in these purchased loan packages totaled approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Commercial mortgages are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Consumer loans are generally small loans spread across many borrowers and are underwritten after determining the ability of the consumer borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. Consumer loans may be secured or unsecured and are comprised of revolving lines, installment loans and other consumer loans. Included in consumer loans are private student loan packages that were purchased beginning in 2015. As of December 31, 2022 , the balance in these purchased student loan packages totaled approximately million compared to million at December 31, 2021 . Deposit account overdrafts are included in the consumer loan balances and totaled thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Acquired Loans. Loans acquired in business combinations are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value at the acquisition date under the acquisition method of accounting. The table above includes a net fair value mark of million and million on the purchased impaired loans and million and million on the purchased performing loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, on the Acquired Loans. See Note 2 Business Combinations for more information on fair value of loan balances acquired in the Merger. 

Carrying amount: 

Commercial 

Real estate construction and land 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Commercial mortgages 

Consumer 

Total acquired loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Acquired Loans - Purchased Credit Impaired 

Acquired Loans - Purchased Performing 

Acquired Loans - Total 

Outstanding principal balance 

Carrying amount: 

Commercial 

Real estate construction and land 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Commercial mortgages 

Consumer 

Total acquired loans 

Additions 

Accretion 

() 

Reclassification from nonaccretable difference 

Other changes, net 

() 

Accretable yield, end of period 

Loan origination/risk management. The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and the Board of Directors approves lending policies on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, and nonperforming and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. Independent loan review on a portion of the loan portfolio is performed by an independent loan review firm that reviews and validates the credit risk program on a periodic basis. Results of these reviews are presented to management and the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel, as well as the Company s policies and procedures. Concentrations of credit. Most of the Company s lending activity occurs within the Commonwealth of Virginia, predominantly in the Company s primary markets and surrounding areas. The majority of the Company s loan portfolio consists of commercial real estate loans. The Company manages this risk by using specific underwriting policies and procedures for these types of loans and by avoiding excessive concentrations to any one business or industry. Related party loans. In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans to certain directors, principal officers and their affiliates (collectively referred to as related party loans ). 

Principal additions 

Principal reductions 

() 

() 

Balance outstanding at end of year 

Past due, non-accrual and charged-off loans . Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Loans are placed on non-accrual status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due. In determining whether or not a borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations for each class of loans, the Company considers the borrower s debt service capacity through the analysis of current financial information, if available, and/or current information with regards to the Company s collateral position. Regulatory provisions generally require a loan to be placed on non-accrual status if (i) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection or (ii) full payment of principal and interest is not expected. Loans may be placed on non-accrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income on non-accrual loans is recognized only to the extent that cash payments are received in excess of principal due. A loan may be returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future principal and interest amounts contractually due are reasonably assured, which is typically evidenced by a sustained period (at least six months) of repayment performance by the borrower. Loans are charged off when 120 days past due. Smaller, unsecured consumer loans, including the student loan portfolio, are typically charged-off when management judges such loans to be uncollectible or the borrowers file for bankruptcy; these loans are generally not placed in non-accrual status prior to charge-off. The Company has contracted with a third party to proactively manage the collections of past due student loans; this third party has extensive experience and specializes in this type of asset management. 

Total nonaccrual loans 

- 

- 

Real estate construction and land 

- 

- 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

Commercial mortgages 

- 

Consumer loans 

Total Loans 

Past Due Aging as of December 31, 2021 
 
 30-59 Days Past Due 

60-89 Days Past Due 

90 Days or More Past Due 

Total Past Due 

PCI 

Current 

Total Loans 

90 Days Past Due and Accruing 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Real estate construction and land 

- 

- 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

Commercial mortgages 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer loans 

Total Loans 

Impaired loans. Loans are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts when due in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. Impairment is evaluated on an individual loan basis. If a loan is impaired, a specific valuation allowance is allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported net of the impairment, using either the present value of estimated future cash flows at the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Interest payments on impaired loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the principal amount is reasonably assured, in which case interest is recognized on a cash basis. Impaired loans, or portions thereof, are charged off when deemed uncollectible. Regulatory guidelines require the Company to re-evaluate the fair value of collateral supporting impaired collateral dependent loans on at least an annual basis. 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Recorded Investment 

Unpaid Principal Balance 

Associated Allowance 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

Impaired loans without a valuation allowance: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

Total impaired loans without a valuation allowance 

- 

Impaired loans with a valuation allowance: 

Consumer 

Total impaired loans with a valuation allowance 

Total impaired loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 

Impaired loans without a valuation allowance: 

Real estate construction and land 

- 

- 

- 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

Total impaired loans without a valuation allowance 

- 

Impaired loans with a valuation allowance: 

Consumer 

Total impaired loans with a valuation allowance 

Total impaired loans 

Troubled debt restructurings are also considered impaired loans. TDRs occur when the Bank agrees to modify the original terms of a loan by granting a concession that it would not otherwise consider due to the deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. These concessions are done in an attempt to improve the paying capacity of the borrower, and in some cases to avoid foreclosure, and are made with the intent to restore the loan to a performing status once sufficient payment history can be demonstrated. These concessions could include reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions. Based on regulatory guidance on Student Lending, the Company classified of its student loans purchased as TDRs for a total of thousand as of December 31, 2022. The Company classified of its student loans purchased as TDRs for a total of thousand as of December 31, 2021 . These borrowers, who should have been in repayment, requested and were granted payment extensions exceeding the maximum lifetime allowable payment forbearance of months lifetime allowance for military service), as permitted under the regulatory guidance, and are therefore considered restructurings. Student loan borrowers are allowed in-school deferments, plus an automatic grace period post in-school status, before repayment is scheduled to begin, and these deferments do not count toward the maximum allowable forbearance. Initially, all student loans were fully insured by a surety bond, and the Company did not expect to experience a loss on these loans. Based on the termination of the surety bond on July 27, 2018 due to the insolvency of the insurer, management has evaluated these loans individually for impairment and included any potential loss in the allowance for loan losses; interest continues to accrue on these TDRs during any deferment and forbearance periods. 

Consumer 

Total performing TDRs 

Nonperforming TDRs 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Total nonperforming TDRs 

Total TDRs 

Total loans modified during the period 

- 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 , there no loans modified as TDRs that subsequently defaulted which had been modified as TDRs during the twelve months prior to default. There were loans modified as a TDR that subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2021 and were modified as a TDR during the twelve months prior to default. These student loans had balances of thousand prior to being charged off. There were loans secured by 1-4 family residential property that were in the process of foreclosure at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 . 

Loans charged off 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net charge-offs 

() 

() 

Provision for loan losses 

Balance, December 31 

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The amount of the allowance is based on management s quarterly evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, credit concentrations, historical loss experience, specific impaired loans, and economic conditions. To determine the total allowance for loan losses, the Company estimates the reserves needed for each segment of the portfolio, including loans analyzed individually and loans analyzed on a pooled basis. Allowances for impaired loans are generally determined based on collateral values or the present value of estimated cash flows. For purposes of determining the allowance for loan losses on the outstanding loans that were not Acquired Loans, the Company has segmented certain loans in the portfolio by product type. Within these segments, the Company has sub-segmented its portfolio by classes, based on the associated risks within these classes. Note that under the acquisition method of accounting (ASC 805), the allowance for loan losses recorded in the books of Fauquier was not carried over into the books of the Company. However, subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows of PCI loans or deterioration of purchased performing loans in a future period may result in a provision for loan losses resulting in an increase to the ALLL. Management utilizes a loss migration model for determining the quantitative risk assigned to unimpaired loans in order to capture historical loss information at the loan level, track loss migration through risk grade deterioration, and increase efficiencies related to performing the calculations. The quantitative risk factor for each loan class primarily utilizes a migration analysis loss method based on loss history for the prior twelve quarters. The migration analysis loss method is used for all loan classes except for the following: Student loans purchased (excluding Acquired Student Loans) - On June 27, 2018, the Company was notified that ReliaMax Surety Company ReliaMax Surety ), the South Dakota insurance company which issued surety bonds for the student loan pools, was placed into liquidation due to insolvency. As such, the historical charge-off rate on this portfolio is determined by using the Company s own losses/charge-offs since July 1, 2018 together with prior insurance claim history. For reporting periods prior to June 30, 2018, the Company did not charge off student loans as the insurance covered the past due loans, but the Company did apply qualitative factors to calculate a reserve on these loans, net of the deposit reserve accounts held by the Company for this group of loans. 

 Commercial government guaranteed loans and PPP loans - These loans require no reserve as these are 100 guaranteed by either the SBA or the USDA. 

 Under the migration analysis method, average loss rates are calculated at the risk grade and class levels by dividing the twelve-quarter average net charge-off amount by the twelve-quarter average loan balances. Qualitative factors are combined with these quantitative factors to arrive at the overall general allowances. The Company s internal creditworthiness grading system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. The Company performs regular credit reviews of the loan portfolio to review the credit quality and adherence to its underwriting standards. Additionally, an independent loan review of a portion of the Company s loan portfolio is performed periodically. Loans that trend upward toward more positive risk ratings generally have a lower risk factor associated. Conversely, loans that migrate toward more negative ratings generally will result in a higher risk factor being applied to those related loan balances. Risk Ratings and Historical Loss Factor Assigned Excellent A 0 historical loss factor is applied, as these loans are secured by cash or fully guaranteed by a U.S. government agency and represent a minimal risk. The Company has never experienced a loss within this category. Good A 0 historical loss factor is applied, as these loans represent a low risk and are secured by marketable collateral within margin. In an abundance of caution, a nominal loss reserve is applied to these loans. The Company has never experienced a loss within this category. Pass A historical loss factor for loans rated Pass is applied to current balances of like-rated loans, pooled by class. Loans with the following risk ratings are pooled by class and considered together as Pass : Satisfactory - modest risk loans where the borrower has strong and liquid financial statements and more than adequate cash flow Average average risk loans where the borrower has reasonable debt service capacity Marginal acceptable risk loans where the borrower has acceptable financial statements but is leveraged Watch These loans have an acceptable risk but require more attention than normal servicing. A historical loss factor for loans rated Watch is applied to current balances of like-rated loans pooled by class. Special Mention These potential problem loans are currently protected but are potentially weak. A historical loss factor for loans rated Special Mention is applied to current balances of like-rated loans pooled by class. Substandard These problem loans are inadequately protected by the sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower and/or the value of any collateral pledged. These loans may be considered impaired and evaluated on an individual basis. Otherwise, a historical loss factor for loans rated Substandard is applied to current balances of all other Substandard loans pooled by class. Doubtful Loans with this rating have significant deterioration in the sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower and/or the value of any collateral pledged, making collection or liquidation of the loan in full highly questionable. These loans would be considered impaired and are evaluated on an individual basis. 

Real estate construction and land 

- 

- 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

- 

Commercial mortgages 

- 

- 

Consumer 

Total Loans 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Excellent 

Good 

Pass 

Watch 

Special Mention 

Sub- standard 

TOTAL 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Real estate construction and land 

- 

- 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

- 

Commercial mortgages 

- 

- 

Consumer 

Total Loans 

In addition to the historical factors, the adequacy of the Company s allowance for loan losses is evaluated through reference to eight qualitative factors, listed below and ranked in order of importance: 1) Changes in national and local economic conditions, including the condition of various market segments; 

 2) Changes in the value of underlying collateral; 

 3) Changes in volume of classified assets, measured as a percentage of capital; 

 4) Changes in volume of delinquent loans; 

 5) The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; 

 6) Changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards; 

 7) Changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff; and 

 8) Changes in the level of policy exceptions. 

 It has been the Company s experience that the first five factors drive losses to a much greater extent than the last three factors; therefore, the first five factors are weighted more heavily. Qualitative factors are not assessed against loans rated Excellent or Good, as the Company has never experienced a loss within these categories. For each segment and class of loans, management must exercise significant judgment to determine the estimation method that fits the credit risk characteristics of the various segments. Although this evaluation is inherently subjective, qualified management utilizes its significant knowledge and experience related to both the market and history of the Company s loan losses. During these evaluations, particular characteristics associated with a segment of the loan portfolio are also considered. These characteristics are detailed below: Commercial loans not secured by real estate carry risks associated with the successful operation of a business, and the repayments of these loans depend on the profitability and cash flows of the business. Additional risk relates to the value of collateral where depreciation occurs and the valuation is less precise. 

 Commercial loans purchased from the syndicated loan market generally represent shared national credits, which are participations in loans or loan commitments that are shared by three or more banks. Included in the Company s shared national credit portfolio are purchased participations and assignments in leveraged lending transactions. Leveraged lending transactions are generally used to support a merger- or acquisition-related transaction, to back a recapitalization of a company's balance sheet or to refinance debt. When considering a participation in the leveraged lending market, the Company participates only in first lien senior secured term loans. To further minimize risk, the Company has developed policies to limit overall credit exposure to the syndicated market as a whole, as well as limits by industry and borrower. 

 Loans secured by commercial real estate also carry risks associated with the success of the business and the ability to generate a positive cash flow sufficient to service debts. Real estate security diminishes risks only to the extent that a market exists for the subject collateral. 

 Consumer loans carry risks associated with the continued creditworthiness of the borrower and the value of the collateral, such as automobiles which may depreciate more rapidly than other assets. In addition, these loans may be unsecured. Consumer loans are more likely than real estate loans to be immediately affected in an adverse manner by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Consumer loans are further segmented into consumer revolving lines, all other consumer loans and student loans purchased. 

 Real estate secured construction loans carry risks that a project will not be completed as scheduled and budgeted and that the value of the collateral may, at any point, be less than the principal amount of the loan. Additional risks may occur if the general contractor, who may not be a loan customer, is unable to finish the project as planned due to financial pressures unrelated to the project. 

 Residential real estate loans carry risks associated with the continued creditworthiness of the borrower and changes in the value of the collateral. In addition, for investor-owned residential real estate, the repayment may be volatile as leases are generally shorter term in nature. 

 Impaired loans are individually evaluated and, if deemed appropriate, a specific allocation is made for these loans. In reviewing the loans classified as impaired totaling million at December 31, 2022, there was thousand in valuation allowance on these loans after consideration was given for each borrowing as to the fair value of the collateral on the loan or the present value of expected future cash flows from the customer. 

Charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

() 

() 

Ending Balance 

Ending Balance: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans - purchased credit impaired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans - purchased credit impaired 

Ending Balance 

As of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Commercial Loans 

Real Estate Construction and Land 

Real Estate Mortgages 

Consumer Loans 

Total 

Allowance for Loan Losses: 

Balance as of beginning of year 

Charge-offs 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

() 

Ending Balance 

Ending Balance: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans - purchased credit impaired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Acquired loans - purchased credit impaired 

Ending Balance 

85 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Building and land 

Construction and fixed assets in progress 

Furniture and equipment 

Computer software 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization on these premises and equipment totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

to years, most with renewal options. Each of the Company s long-term lease agreements are classified as operating leases. Certain of these leases offer the the lease term and the Company has included such extensions in its calculation of the lease liabilities to the extent the options are reasonably assured of being exercised. The lease agreements do not provide for residual value guarantees and have no restrictions or covenants that would impact dividends or require incurring additional financial obligations. Refer to Note 14 Related Party Transactions for information regarding leasing transactions with related parties. 

Right-of-use asset 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Short-term lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Cash paid for amounts included in lease liabilities 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2024 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2025 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2026 

Twelve months ending December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: Discount 

() 

Lease liability 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. changes in the recorded balance of goodwill during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021: 

Sale of Sturman Wealth Advisors 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

The Company had million and million of other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Other intangible assets were recognized in connection with (i) the book of business, including interest in the client relationships of an officer, acquired by VNB Wealth in 2016, referred to as Sturman Wealth Advisors, and (ii) the core deposits acquired from Fauquier in 2021. Refer to Note 21 - Sale of Sturman Wealth Advisors for more information regarding the sale of such segment and the elimination of goodwill and other intangible assets related to such business during December 2022. 

() 

() 

Customer relationships intangible 
 
 - 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

The Company recognized million and million during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, in amortization expense from these identified intangible assets with a finite life. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

The aggregate amount of time deposits with a minimum balance of 250 thousand was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Included in the time deposits reported above are Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDs, whereby depositors can obtain FDIC deposit insurance on account balances of up to 50 million. CDARS TM deposits totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, all of which were reciprocal balances for the Bank s customers. In May 2018, the EGRRCPA was enacted, which excluded reciprocal CDARS deposits for certain banks from brokered deposit treatment up to the lesser of 5 billion or 20 of a bank s total liabilities. Therefore, the Company s CDARS reciprocal deposits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were not treated as brokered deposits. The Company implemented an Insured Cash Sweep product during 2018. At December 31, 2022, ICS balances, included in demand deposit and money market account balances, were million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, ICS balances, included in demand deposit and money market account balances, were million and million, respectively. Such balances were not treated as brokered deposits. The Company had deposits to report as brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Deposit account overdrafts reported as loans totaled thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company has entered into deposit transactions with certain directors, principal officers and their affiliates (collectively referred to as related party deposits ), all of which are under the same terms as other customers. The aggregate amount of these related party deposits was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

 88 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 outstanding FHLB advances as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had a letter of credit for million issued in favor of the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of the Treasury to secure public fund depository accounts. This letter of credit is secured by commercial mortgages. In addition to access to short-term borrowings from FHLB, the Company uses federal funds purchased for short-term borrowing needs. Available borrowing arrangements maintained by the Bank include formal federal funds lines with six major correspondent banks. There were borrowings against the lines at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company s unused lines of credit for future borrowings total approximately million at December 31, 2022 , which consists of million available from the FHLB and million from third-party financial institutions. Additional loans and securities are available that can be pledged as collateral for future borrowings from the FRB or the FHLB above the current lendable collateral value. 

Annual average balance outstanding 

- 

Annual average interest rate paid 

Annual interest rate at end of period 

Acquisition accounting 

Fixed assets 

- 

Other real estate owned 

- 

Investments in pass-throughs 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards 

Nonaccrual loan interest 

Stock option/grant expense 

Home equity closing costs 

Deferred compensation expense 

Deferred loan fees 

Securities available for sale unrealized loss 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

Depreciation 

- 

Trust preferred 

- 

Right of use asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Computed statutory tax expense 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: 

Tax-exempt interest income 

() 

() 

Tax-exempt income from BOLI 

() 

() 

Stock option/stock grant expense 

Merger expenses 

- 

Investment in qualified housing projects 

() 

() 

Other expenses 

Provision for income taxes 

90 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 minimum reserve requirement as a result of a rule adopted by the FRB in March 2020 eliminating the reserve requirement. 

 million to various borrowers. At December 31, 2021 , commitment letters totaled million. Commitment letters are done in the normal course of business and typically expire after days. All of these off-balance-sheet instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet, although material losses are not anticipated. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

ACH 

Letters of credit 

Total 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral normally consists of real property. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company holds real estate and bank deposits as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary. The Company has approximately million in deposits in other financial institutions in excess of amounts insured by the FDIC at December 31, 2022 . 

 91 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 thousand in 2022 are reported below. In 2022 and 2021 , leasing/rental expenditures of thousand and thousand respectively, (including reimbursements for taxes, insurance, and other expenses) were paid to an entity indirectly owned by a director of the Company. 

 billion (up from the prior billion threshold). Under the SBHC Policy Statement, qualifying bank holding companies have additional flexibility in the amount of debt they can issue and are also exempt from the Basel III Capital Rules (subsidiary depository institutions of qualifying bank holding companies are still subject to capital requirements). The Company currently has less than billion in total consolidated assets and would likely qualify under the revised SBHC Policy Statement. However, the Company does not currently intend to issue a material amount of debt or take any other action that would cause its capital ratios to fall below the minimum ratios required by the Basel III Capital Rules. The Basel III Capital Rules require banks and bank holding companies to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus a capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least ); (ii) a ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of ); (iii) a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least , plus the capital conservation buffer (effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of ); and (iv) a leverage ratio of , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to balance sheet exposures plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average for each quarter of the month-end ratios for the quarter). With respect to the Bank, the PCA regulations, to be well capitalized under the revised regulations, a bank must have the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least ; (iii) a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least ; and (iv) a leverage ratio of at least . The Bank s capital ratios remained well above the levels designated by bank regulators as well capitalized at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no conditions or events since that management believes have changed the institution s category. On September 17, 2019 the FDIC finalized a rule that introduced an optional simplified measure of capital adequacy for qualifying community banking organizations, referred to as, the CBLR framework, as required by the EGRRCPA. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than percent, less than billion in total consolidated assets, and limited amounts of off-balance-sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements under the PCA regulations and will not be required to report or calculate risk-based capital. The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their March 31, 2020 Call Report and going forward. The Bank decided not to opt into the CBLR framework. 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

(To Risk Weighted Assets) 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital 

(To Risk Weighted Assets) 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital 

(To Average Assets) 

Bank 

December 31, 2021 

Minimum 

(Dollars in thousands) 

To Be Well Capitalized 

Minimum Capital 

Under Prompt Corrective 

Actual 

Requirement 

Action Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Total Capital 

(To Risk Weighted Assets) 

Bank 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

(To Risk Weighted Assets) 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital 

(To Risk Weighted Assets) 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital 

(To Average Assets) 

Bank 

At December 31, 2022 , the maximum amount of retained earnings available to the Bank for cash dividends to the Company was million. 

 interest rate swaps are classified as Level 2. Additional information on interest rate swaps is presented in Note 23 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 

- 

- 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

Municipal bonds 

- 

- 

Total securities available for sale 

- 

- 

Interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Total assets at fair value 

- 

- 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

Balance 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Assets: 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

- 

Mortgage-backed securities/CMOs 

- 

- 

Municipal bonds 

- 

- 

Total securities available for sale 

- 

- 

Liabilities: 

Interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Total liabilities at fair value 

- 

- 

Certain financial assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or writedowns of individual assets. The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain financial assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the consolidated financial statements: Other real estate owned Other real estate owned is measured at fair value less costs to sell, based on an existing contract (Level 3). OREO is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any initial fair value adjustment is charged against the Allowance for Loan Losses. Subsequent fair value adjustments are recorded in the pe riod incurred and included in other noninterest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company had OREO as of December 31, 2022 and had property valued at thousand as of December 31, 2021. Impaired loans Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected when due. The measurement of loss associated with impaired loans can be based on either (a) the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral, or (b) using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, which is not a fair value measurement. Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company using observable market data (Level 2). However, if the collateral value is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable properties, or is discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. Impaired loans that are measured based on expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate rather than the market rate of interest are not recorded at fair value and are therefore excluded from fair value disclosure requirements. The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant (Level 2) or the net book value on the applicable business financial statements if not considered significant (Level 3). Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). Impaired loans allocated to the Allowance for Loan Losses are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company had million and million in impaired loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. All impaired loans were measured based on expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or fair value of collateral, as noted above . There were assets to report that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 . OREO of thousand was reported as of December 31, 2021 and measured on a nonrecurring basis. ASC 825, Financial Instruments, requires disclosures about fair value of financial instruments for interim periods and excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. The Company uses the exit price notion in calculating the fair values of financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

- 

- 

Available for sale securities 

- 

- 

Restricted securities 

- 

- 

Loans, net 

- 

- 

Assets held for sale 

- 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

- 

- 

Accrued interest receivable 

- 

Interest rate swap 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Demand deposits and interest-bearing transaction and money market accounts 

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

- 

Junior subordinated debt 

- 

- 

Accrued interest payable 

- 

- 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

Carrying value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Fair Value 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalent 

- 

- 

Available for sale securities 

- 

- 

Restricted securities 

- 

- 

Loans, net 

- 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

- 

- 

Accrued interest receivable 

- 

Liabilities 

Demand deposits and interest-bearing transaction and money market accounts 

- 

- 

Certificates of deposit 

- 

- 

Junior subordinated debt 

- 

- 

Accrued interest payable 

- 

- 

Interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of its normal operations. As a result, the fair values of the Company s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change, and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. Management attempts to match maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed necessary to minimize interest rate risk; however, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment and more likely to prepay in a falling rate environment. Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates are more likely to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. Management monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest rate risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits and by investing in securities with terms that mitigate the Company s overall interest rate risk. 

years of age. Employees are able to elect the amount to contribute, not to exceed a maximum amount as determined by Internal Revenue Service regulation. The Company matches of the first of employee contributions. Vesting refers to the rights of ownership to the assets in the 401(k) accounts. Matching contributions as well as employee contributions are fully vested immediately. The Company contributed thousand and thousand to the 401(k) plan in 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses represent the matching contribution by the Company. The Company, as a result of the Merger, provides a post-retirement benefit for retired employee. The liability associated with this benefit of thousand as of December 31, 2022 is included in Accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 98 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of the Company s common stock to be issued to plan participants. The 2014 Plan made available up to shares of the Company s common stock, as adjusted by prior issued stock dividends, to be issued to plan participants. The 2022 Plan and the 2014 Plan provide for granting of both incentive and nonqualified stock options, as well as restricted stock, unrestricted stock and other stock based awards. new grants can be issued under the 2005 Plan as this plan has expired. For the 2022 Plan, the option price for any stock options cannot be less that the fair value of the Company s stock on the grant date. In addition, of the common stock authorized for issuance must have a vesting or exercise schedule of at least one year. For the 2014 Plan and the 2005 Plan, the option price of incentive stock options cannot be less than the fair value of the stock at the time an option is granted and nonqualified stock options may be granted at prices established by the Board of Directors, including prices less than the fair value on the date of grant. Outstanding stock options generally expire from the grant date. Stock options generally vest by the fourth or fifth anniversary of the date of the grant. new grants will be issued under this plan, there were shares issued before the plan expired which are still outstanding as shown below. 

2022 Plan 

2014 Plan 

2005 Plan 

Aggregate shares issuable 

Options issued, net of forfeited and expired options 

- 

() 

() 

Unrestricted stock issued 

- 

() 

- 

Restricted stock grants issued 

- 

() 

- 

Cancelled due to Plan expiration 

- 

() 

Remaining available for grant 

- 

Stock grants issued and outstanding: 

Total vested and unvested shares 

- 

- 

Fully vested shares 

- 

- 

Option grants issued and outstanding: 

Total vested and unvested shares 

- 

Fully vested shares 

- 

Exercise price range 

- 

to 

The Company accounts for all of its stock incentive plans under recognition and measurement accounting principles which require that the compensation cost relating to stock-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements. Stock-based compensation arrangements for 2022 and prior years include stock options, unrestricted stock and restricted stock. All stock-based payments to employees are required to be valued using a fair value method on the date of grant and expensed based on that fair value over the applicable vesting period. Stock Options 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Expired 

- 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

For the options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 , there was intrinsic value for options exercised. thousand and thousand, respectively, in compensation expense for stock opt ions. As of December 31, 2022 , there was thousand in unrecognized compensation expense for stock options remaining to be recognized in future reporting periods through . The fair value of any option grant is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes pricing model. There were stock option grants issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 . There were stock option grants of shares issued during the year ended December 31, 2021, and the fair value on each option granted was estimated based on the assumptions noted in the following table: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2021 

Expected volatility 1 

Expected dividends 2 

Expected term (in years) 3 
 
 - 

Risk-free rate 4 

1 Based on the monthly historical volatility of the Company s stock price over the expected life of the options. 2 Calculated as the ratio of historical dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant. 3 Based on the average of the contractual life and vesting period for the respective option. 4 Based upon an interpolated US Treasury yield curve interest rate that corresponds to the contractual life of the option, in effect at the time of the grant. 
 to 

Years 

to 

Years 

to 

Years 

to 

Years 

Total 

Years 

Stock Grants shares of restricted stock were granted to employees and non-employee directors, vesting over a four - or period. During 2021 , shares of restricted stock were granted. In 2022 and 2021 , restricted stock grants resulted in an associated expense of thousand and thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million in unrecognized compensation expense for restricted stock grants remaining to be recognized in future reporting periods through . 

December 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands except weighted average data) 
 
 Number of Shares 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding at January 1, 2022 

Issued 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

years. 

101 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Diluted net income per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock equivalents outstanding, to the extent dilutive. The Company s common stock equivalents relate to outstanding common stock options. Nonvested restricted stock is included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share. The weighted average shares below as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include and shares, respectively, of such restricted stock that have not yet vested. The recipients of nonvested restricted shares have full voting and dividend rights. 

Effect of dilutive stock options 

- 

() 

Diluted net income per share 

December 31, 2021 

Basic net income per share 

Effect of dilutive stock options 

- 

() 

Diluted net income per share 

In 2022 and 2021 , stock options representing average shares were not included in the calculation of net income per share, as their effect would have been antidilutive. 

 million. The purchase agreement entitles Buyer to the future revenue for investment management, advisory, brokerage, and related services performed for the purchased relationships. In connection with this transaction, the Buyer signed a promissory note with the Bank as the creditor in the amount of thousand, payable at a market rate of interest over a period. Goodwill of thousand and unamortized intangible assets of thousand related to the Sturman Wealth line of business were eliminated from the Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company in December 2022, with a net gain of thousand recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The sale of this business line did not meet the requirements for classification of discontinued operations, as the sale did not represent a strategic shift in the Company's operations or plans and will not have a major effect on the Company's future operations or financial results. 

102 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 million face amount of the trust s Floating Rate Capital Securities in a pooled capital securities offering. Simultaneously, the trust used the proceeds of that sale to purchase million principal amount of the Fauquier s Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due . at above the then current . Interest is paid . Total capital securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million , as adjusted to fair value as of the date of the Merger. The Trust II issuance of capital securities and the respective subordinated debentures are callable at any time. The subordinated debentures are an unsecured obligation of the Company and are junior in right of payment to all present and future senior indebtedness of the Company. The capital securities are guaranteed by the Company on a subordinated basis. 

thousand at December 31, 2022. Collateral is dependent on the market valuation of the underlying hedges. Loan swaps . The Bank also enters into interest rate swaps with certain qualifying commercial loan customers to meet their interest rate risk management needs. The Bank simultaneously enters into interest rate swaps with dealer counterparties, with identical notional amounts and offsetting terms. The net result of these interest rate swaps is that the customer pays a fixed rate of interest and the Company receives a floating rate. These back-to-back loan swaps are derivative financial instruments and are reported at fair value in other assets and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and changes in fair value are recorded in current earnings. Note that the Company also offers loan swap agreements to commercial loan customers who are eligible contract participants as expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act, whereby a contracted third party accepts the interest rate risk as part of a separate agreement with the customer. For these arrangements, the Company underwrites the credit risk, books a floating rate loan and does not carry the derivative on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Junior subordinated debt 

December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Notional/ Contract Amount 

Fair Value 

Fair Value Balance Sheet Location 
 
 Expiration Date 

Interest rate forward swap - cash flow 

() 
 
 Junior subordinated debt 

Interest rate swap - fair value 

() 
 
 Other Liabilities 

reportable segments. Each reportable segment is a strategic business unit that offers different products and services. They are managed separately, because each segment appeals to different markets and, accordingly, require different technology and marketing strategies. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies provided earlier in this report. The reportable segments are: Bank - The commercial banking segment involves making loans and generating deposits from individuals, businesses and charitable organizations. Loan fee income, service charges from deposit accounts, and other non-interest-related fees, such as fees for debit cards and ATM usage and fees for treasury management services, generate additional income for the Bank segment. 

 Sturman Wealth Advisors Sturman Wealth Advisors, formerly known as VNB Investment Services, offered wealth management and investment advisory services. Revenue for this segment was generated primarily from investment advisory and financial planning fees, with a small and decreasing portion attributable to brokerage commissions. The Bank sold this business line effective December 19, 2022. 

 VNB Trust and Estate Services VNB Trust and Estate Services offers corporate trustee services, trust and estate administration, IRA administration and custody services. Revenue for this segment is generated from administration, service and custody fees, as well as management fees which are derived from Assets Under Management. Investment management services currently are offered through in-house and third-party managers. In addition, royalty income, in the form of fixed and incentive fees, from the sale of Swift Run Capital Management, LLC in 2013 is reported as income of VNB Trust and Estate Services. More information on royalty income and the related sale can be found under Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

 Masonry Capital - Masonry Capital offers investment management services for separately managed accounts and a private investment fund employing a value-based, catalyst-driven 

 investment strategy. Revenue for this segment is generated from management fees which are derived from Assets Under Management and incentive income which is based on the investment returns generated on performance-based Assets Under Management. 

 A management fee for administrative and technology support services provided by the Bank is allocated to the non-bank segments. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , management fees of thousand were charged to the non-bank segments and eliminated in consolidated totals. 

- 

- 

- 

Provision for loan losses 

- 

- 

- 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

2021 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Bank 

Sturman Wealth Advisors 

VNB Trust Estate Services 

Masonry Capital 

Consolidated 

Net interest income 

- 

- 

- 

Provision for loan losses 

- 

- 

- 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

105 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million and million, respe ctively. The payment of dividends by the Bank is restricted by various regulatory limitations. Banking regulations also prohibit extensions of credit to the parent company unless appropriately secured by assets. For more detail on dividends, see Note 16 Dividend Restrictions. Condensed Parent Company Only 

Investment securities 

Investments in subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Junior subordinated debt 

Other liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Net interest expense 

() 

() 

Noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) 

() 

() 

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Condensed Parent Company Only (Continued) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Net accretion of certain acquisition-related adjustments 

Amortization 

- 

Deferred tax expense 

Stock option restricted stock grant expense 

Increase in other assets 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Cash paid in lieu for fractional shares at acquisition 

- 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

. The Company accounts for the affordable housing investments using the equity method and has recorded million in other assets at December 31, 2022. There are currently unfunded capital commitments. The related federal tax credits for the year ended December 31, 2022 was thousand, and were included in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. There were thousand in flow-through losses recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were included in noninterest income. 

107 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating its disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO on May 14, 2013. Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There was no change in the internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C., (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: ), regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None 
 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable 
 108 

Part III 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Information is incorporated by reference to the information that appears under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Related Person Transactions and Other Information, Executive Compensation Executive Officers, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Code of Ethics, and Information about the Board of Directors and Board Committees contained in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Definitive Proxy Statement ). 
 Item 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION. 
 Information is incorporated by reference to the information that appears under the headings Executive Compensation Executive Officers and Information about the Board of Directors and Board Committees Compensation of Directors contained in of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Other than as set forth below, this information is incorporated by reference from Note 19, Stock Incentive Plans, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K and from the Beneficial Ownership of Company Common Stock section of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2022, relating to the Company s Stock Incentive Plans: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 168,280 
 
 33.95 
 
 168,031 

Total 
 
 168,280 
 
 33.95 
 
 168,031 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 This information is incorporated by reference from the Information about the Board of Directors and Board Committees and Related Person Transactions and Other Information sections of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement. For further information, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 This information is incorporated by reference from the Independent Auditors section of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 109 

Part IV 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANC IAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 The following documents are files as part of this report: 
 (a)(1)	Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements and reports of independent registered public accountants of the Company are in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(ii) Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2)	Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted since they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated statements or notes thereto. 
 110 

(a)(3)	Exhibit Index: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of September 30, 2020, between Virginia National Bankshares Corporation and Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2013). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Current Report on Form- 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.1 
 
 Virginia National Bank Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 25, 2017. Virginia National Bankshares Corporation assumed this plan from Virginia National Bank on December 16, 2013 upon consummation of the reorganization under the agreement referenced as Exhibit 2.0). 

10.2 
 
 Virginia National Bankshares Corporation 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 25, 2017). 

10.3 
 
 Virginia National Bankshares Corporation 2022 Stock Incentive Plan . 

10.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Management Continuity Agreement executed September 28, 2020 between Virginia National Bankshares Corporation and each of Glenn W. Rust, Virginia R. Bayes, Tara Y. Harrison and Donna G. Shewmake (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2020) . 

21.0 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (refer to Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K Report for a discussion of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s direct and indirect subsidiaries). 

23 
 
 Consent of Yount, Hyde and Barbour, P.C. 

31.1 
 
 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 906 Certification 

101.0 104 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL), (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (furnished herewith), tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. Cover page interactive data file (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable 
 111 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto, duly authorized. 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION 

/s/ Tara Y. Harrison 

Tara Y. Harrison 

Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on March 29, 2023. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 

/s/ John B. Adams, Jr. 
 
 Director 

John B. Adams, Jr. 

/s/ Steven W. Blaine 
 
 Director 

Steven W. Blaine 

/s/ Kevin T. Carter 
 
 Director 

Kevin T. Carter 

/s/ Hunter E. Craig 
 
 Director 

Hunter E. Craig 

/s/ William D. Dittmar, Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

William D. Dittmar, Jr. 

/s/ Randolph D. Frostick 
 
 Director 

Randolph D. Frostick 

/s/ Tara Y. Harrison 
 
 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

Tara Y. Harrison 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Linda M. Houston 
 
 Director 

Linda M. Houston 

/s/ Jay B. Keyser 
 
 Director 

Jay B. Keyser 

/s/ Glenn W. Rust 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Glenn W. Rust 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Sterling T. Strange, III 
 
 Director 

Sterling T. Strange, III 

/s/ Gregory L. Wells 
 
 Director 

Gregory L. Wells 

112 

<EX-4>
 2
 vabk-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following description of the material terms of the capital stock of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation Virginia National does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, its articles of incorporation and its bylaws. The Articles and Bylaws are included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 The authorized capital stock of Virginia National consists of (i) 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 2.50 per share, and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 2.50 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 General . Each share of Virginia National s common stock has the same relative rights as, and is identical in all respects to, each other share of its common stock. Virginia National s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol VABK. The transfer agent for Virginia National s common stock is American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, at 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11209. 
 Voting Rights . Each holder of Virginia National common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of shares of common stock do not possess cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Any issuance by Virginia National of preferred stock with voting rights may affect the voting rights of the holders of Virginia National common stock. 
 Dividends . Holders of Virginia National common stock will be entitled to receive and share equally in such dividends as the board of directors of Virginia National may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. If Virginia National issues preferred stock, holders of such stock may have a priority over holders of common stock with respect to the payment of dividends. Virginia National s ability to pay dividends is limited by restrictions imposed by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act VSCA on Virginia corporations. In general, dividends paid by a Virginia corporation may be paid only if, after giving effect to the distribution, (i) the corporation is still able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or (ii) the corporation s total assets are greater than or equal to the sum of its total liabilities plus (unless the corporation s articles of incorporation permit otherwise) the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights, upon the dissolution, of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. In addition, as a bank holding company, Virginia National s ability to pay dividends is limited by applicable policies of the Federal Reserve. 
 The ability of Virginia National to pay dividends on its capital stock is also dependent on the dividends it may receive from Virginia National Bank. The ability of Virginia National Bank to pay dividends on its capital stock is restricted by applicable federal laws and regulations governing national banks. Although Virginia National is not subject to these restrictions as a Virginia corporation, such restrictions will indirectly affect Virginia National in the same manner because dividends received from Virginia National Bank are Virginia National s primary source of funds for the payment of dividends to its shareholders. 
 Liquidation Rights . In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of Virginia National, holders of Virginia National s common stock will be entitled to receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of Virginia National, all assets of Virginia National available for distribution. If Virginia National issues preferred stock, holders of preferred stock may have a senior interest over holders of common stock in such a distribution. 
 No Preemptive Rights; Redemption and Assessment . Holders of shares of Virginia National s common stock do not have preemptive rights to subscribe for additional shares of Virginia National s securities. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Virginia National s articles of incorporation permit it to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Virginia National s board of directors (the Virginia National Board is authorized to fix the number and designation of shares, rate of dividends, redemption terms (including purchase and sinking fund provisions), conversion rights, liquidation amounts, voting rights, and any other lawful rights, preferences and limitations of each such series. Preferred stock issued by Virginia National may rank prior to Virginia National common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preferences, or both, may have full or limited voting rights (including multiple voting rights and voting rights as a class), and may be convertible into shares of Virginia National s common stock. 
 The creation and issuance of any class or series of preferred stock, and the relative rights, designations and preferences of such class or series, if and when established, will depend upon, among other things, the future capital needs of Virginia National, then existing market conditions and other factors that, in the judgment of the Virginia National Board, might warrant the issuance of preferred stock. 

Directors 
 The Virginia National Board is not divided into classes and directors serve one-year terms. Virginia National s bylaws state that there must be at least five and no more than 25 individuals serving on the Virginia National Board, the exact number to be fixed and determined from time to time by resolution of a majority of the full board of directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, any director of Virginia National may be removed, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on such matter. 
 Antitakeover Provisions of Virginia National s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and Virginia Law 
 General . Virginia National s articles of incorporation and bylaws and Virginia law contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change of control of Virginia National by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open market purchases of shares of its common stock, or otherwise in a transaction not approved by the Virginia National Board. These provisions are designed to reduce, or have the effect of reducing, Virginia National s vulnerability to coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. However, the existence of these provisions could prevent Virginia National shareholders from receiving a premium over the then prevailing market price of Virginia National common stock or a transaction that may otherwise be in the best interest of Virginia National shareholders. In addition, these provisions make it more difficult for Virginia National shareholders, should they choose to do so, to remove the Virginia National Board or Virginia National s management. 
 Virginia National s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Preferred Stock . Virginia National s articles of incorporation authorize the Virginia National Board to establish one or more series of preferred stock and to determine, with respect to any series of preferred stock, the preferences, rights, and other terms of such series. See Preferred Stock. Under this authority, the Virginia National Board could create and issue a series of preferred stock with rights, preferences, or restrictions that have the effect of discriminating against an existing or prospective holder of Virginia National s capital stock as a result of such holder beneficially owning or commencing a tender offer for a substantial amount of Virginia National common stock. One of the effects of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of preferred stock may be to render it more difficult for, or to discourage an attempt by, a potential acquirer to obtain control of Virginia National by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of Virginia National s management. 
 Board Vacancies . Virginia law and Virginia National s articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that any vacancy occurring on the Virginia National Board may be filled by the remaining members of the board. In connection with the merger of Virginia National and Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. Fauquier on April 1, 2021, Virginia National amended its bylaws to facilitate the change in size and composition of the Virginia National Board following the merger. The amended bylaws provide that the Virginia National Board is to be fixed at no more than 13 directors, seven of which will be former members of the Virginia National Board prior to the merger (the Virginia National Directors and six of which will be the former members of the Board of Directors of Fauquier (the Fauquier Directors .) The bylaws, as amended, provide that until the second anniversary of the merger, all vacancies on the Virginia National Board created by the cessation of service of a Virginia National Director must be filled by a nominee proposed to the nominating committee of the Virginia National Board by a majority of the remaining Virginia National Directors, and all vacancies on the Virginia National Board created by the cessation of service of a Fauquier Director shall be filled by a nominee proposed to the nominating committee of the Virginia National Board by a majority of the remaining Fauquier Directors. Such bylaw provision may not be modified, amended or repealed during such two-year period other than by a majority of the Fauquier Directors and a majority of the Virginia National Directors. These provisions may discourage, delay, or prevent a third party from voting to remove incumbent directors and simultaneously gaining control of the Virginia National Board by filling the vacancies created by that removal with its own nominees. 
 Supermajority Voting Provisions . Virginia National s articles provide that a merger, statutory share exchange, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of Virginia National s assets otherwise than in the ordinary course of business, dissolution, or any amendment or restatement of Virginia National s articles of incorporation that requires a vote of Virginia National shareholders, must be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by each voting group that is entitled to vote on the matter, provided that the transaction, amendment or restatement has been approved and recommended by at least two-thirds of the directors in office at the time of such approval and recommendation. If the transaction, amendment or restatement is not approved and recommended by at least two-thirds of the directors, then it must be approved by the vote of more than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter by each voting group entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Shareholder Meetings . Under its bylaws, special meetings of shareholders may only be called by Virginia National s chairman, chief executive officer, president or by a majority of the Virginia National Board. Under Virginia National s bylaws and Virginia law, shareholders may only conduct business at special meetings of shareholders that is specified in the notice of the meeting. This provision is designed to afford antitakeover protection by making it more difficult for shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders to consider a proposed merger or other business combination. 
 Advance Notification of Shareholder Nominations . Virginia National s bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to the nomination of persons for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Virginia National Board. Pursuant to Virginia National s bylaws, a shareholder may nominate persons for election to the Virginia National Board by delivering written notice to Virginia National s corporate secretary. With respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of shareholders, its bylaws generally require that such notice be delivered not later than the close of business on the 90 th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that 
 
 the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder must be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which announcement of the day of such meeting is first made by Virginia National). A shareholder wishing to nominate any person for election as a director must provide Virginia National with certain information concerning the nominee and the proposing shareholder. 
 Virginia Antitakeover Statutes . Virginia has two antitakeover statutes: the Affiliated Transactions Statute and the Control Share Acquisitions Statute. 
 Affiliated Transactions Statute . Under the Affiliated Transactions Statute, an affiliated transaction generally is defined as any of the following transactions: 
 merger, a share exchange, material dispositions of corporate assets not in the ordinary course of business to or with an interested shareholder (defined as any holder of more than 10 of any class of outstanding voting shares), or any material guarantee of any indebtedness of any interested shareholder; 

certain sales or other dispositions of the corporation s voting shares or any of the corporation s subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value greater than 5 of the aggregate fair market value of all outstanding voting shares; 

any dissolution of the corporation proposed by or on behalf of an interested shareholder; or 

any reclassification, including reverse stock splits, or recapitalization that increases the percentage of outstanding voting shares owned beneficially by any interested shareholder by more than 5 . 

In general, these provisions prohibit a Virginia corporation from engaging in affiliated transactions with an interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date that such person became an interested shareholder unless: 
 the board of directors of the corporation and the holders of two-thirds of the voting shares, other than the shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, approve the affiliated transaction; or 

before the date the person became an interested shareholder, the board of directors approved the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. 

After three years, any such transaction must be at a fair price, as statutorily defined, or must be approved by the holders of two-thirds of the voting shares, other than the shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder. 
 The shareholders of a Virginia corporation may adopt an amendment to the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws opting out of the Affiliated Transactions Statute. Neither Virginia National s articles of incorporation nor its bylaws contain a provision opting out of the Affiliated Transactions Statute. 
 Control Share Acquisitions Statute . Virginia law also contains provisions relating to control share acquisitions, which are transactions causing the voting strength of any person acquiring beneficial ownership of shares of a Virginia public corporation to meet or exceed certain threshold percentages (20 , 33 1/3 or 50 of the total votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors. Shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights unless: 
 the voting rights are granted by a majority vote of all outstanding shares other than those held by the acquiring person or any officer or employee director of the corporation; or 

the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that these Virginia law provisions do not apply to acquisitions of its shares. 

The acquiring person may require that a special meeting of the shareholders be held to consider the grant of voting rights to the shares acquired in the control share acquisition. 
 Under Virginia law, a corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws may contain a provision opting out of the Control Share Acquisitions Statute. Neither Virginia National s articles of incorporation nor its bylaws contain a provision opting out of the Control Share Acquisitions Statute. 
 Limitation of Liability of Directors and Officers 
 The VSCA provides that in any proceeding brought by or in the right of a corporation or brought by or on behalf of shareholders of the corporation, the damages assessed against an officer or director arising out of a single transaction, occurrence or course of conduct may not exceed the lesser of (i) the monetary amount, including the elimination of liability, specified in the corporation s articles of incorporation or, if approved by the shareholders, in the corporation s bylaws as a limitation on or elimination of the liability of the officer or director, or (ii) the greater of (a) 100,000 or (b) the amount of cash compensation received by the officer or director from the corporation during the twelve months immediately preceding the act or omission for which liability was imposed. The liability of an officer or director is not limited under the VSCA or a corporation s articles of incorporation and bylaws if the officer or director engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the criminal law or of any federal or state securities law. 
 
 Virginia National s articles provide that a director or officer of Virginia National is not liable to Virginia National or its shareholders for monetary damages except for liability resulting from such person having engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the criminal law or any federal or state securities law. 
 Indemnification 
 The Virginia National articles provide that to the fullest extent permitted by the VSCA and any other applicable law, Virginia National is required to indemnify a director or officer of Virginia National who is or was a party to any proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was such a director or officer or is or was serving at the request of or on behalf of Virginia National as a director, trustee, partner or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against any liability incurred by him or her in connection with such proceeding unless he or she engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the criminal law. Virginia National s board of directors is empowered, by majority vote of a quorum of disinterested directors, to contract in advance to indemnify any director or officer as set forth above. 
 Virginia National Common Stock Not Insured by the FDIC 
 Virginia National s common stock is not a deposit or a savings account and is not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 vabk-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES CORPORATION 
 2022 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS APPROVED BY SHAREHOLDERS ON JUNE 23, 2022 
 
 1. Purpose; Eligibility . 

(a) General Purpose . The purpose of the Virginia National Bankshares Corporation 2022 Stock Incentive Plan is to further the long-term stability and financial success of the Company by attracting and retaining personnel, including employees, directors and Consultants, through the use of stock and stock-based incentives. The Company believes that ownership of Company Stock will stimulate the efforts of those persons upon whose judgment, interest and efforts the Company and its Affiliates depend for the successful conduct of their businesses and will further the alignment of those persons interests with the interests of the Company s shareholders. 
 (b) Eligible Award Recipients . Any employee, director or Consultant of the Company or an Affiliate who, in the judgment of the Committee, has contributed or can be expected to contribute to the profits or growth of the Company or the Affiliate is eligible to become a Participant. The Committee shall have the power and complete discretion, as provided in Section 16, to select eligible Participants and to determine for each Participant the terms, conditions and nature of an Award and the number of shares to be allocated as part of the Award; provided, however, that any Award made to a member of the Committee must be approved by the Board. 
 (c) Available Awards . Awards of Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, and Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted under the Plan. Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options. 
 (d) Date of Adoption, Effective Date . The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 27, 2022, and will become effective on June 23, 2022, if approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 23, 2022 in accordance with applicable law (such approval date, the Effective Date ). 
 2. Certain Definitions . The following terms have the meanings indicated: 
 (a) Act . The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (b) Affiliate . A corporation or other entity that, directly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company. For purposes of an Incentive Stock Option, Affiliate, refers to a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulations under Section 424 of the Code. 
 (c) Applicable Withholding Taxes . The aggregate amount of federal, state and local income and payroll taxes that the Company or an Affiliate is required to withhold (not in excess of the maximum applicable statutory withholding rate) in connection with any exercise of an Option, or the award, lapse of restrictions or payment with respect to any Award. 
 (d) Award . The award of an Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, or Stock Award under the Plan. 
 (e) Award Agreement. Any agreement, contract, certificate or other written instrument or document (which may be in electronic form) evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (f) Board . The Board of Directors of the Company. 
 1 
 
 (g) Cause . With respect to any employee or Consultant: (1) if the employee or Consultant is a party to an employment agreement, change in control employment agreement, or other services agreement with the Company or its Affiliates and such agreement provides for a definition of Cause, the definition contained therein; or (2) if no such agreement exists, or if such agreement does not define Cause, the definition of Cause contained in the Award Agreement. 
 In all other cases, Cause shall mean: 
 (i) Continual or deliberate neglect by the Participant in the performance of his material duties and responsibilities as established from time to time by the Company, or the Participant s repeated failure or refusal to follow reasonable instructions or policies of the Company after being advised in writing of such failure or refusal and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined by the Company) to remedy such failure or refusal; 
 (ii) Conviction of, indictment for (or its procedural equivalent), entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to a felony, a crime of moral turpitude or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment, or the commission of an act of embezzlement or fraud against the Company or an Affiliate; 
 (iii) Violation in any material respect of any code or standard of conduct generally applicable to employees of the Company or an Affiliate after being advised in writing of such violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined by the Company) to remedy such violation; 
 (iv) Dishonesty of the Participant with respect to the Company, or breach of a fiduciary duty owed to the Company; or 
 (v) The willful engaging by the Participant in conduct that is reasonably likely to result, in the good faith judgment of the Company, in material injury to the Company, monetarily, reputationally or otherwise. 
 The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to whether a Participant has been discharged for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any director, a determination that the director has engaged in conduct that is covered by the definition of Cause shall be made by a majority of the disinterested Board members. 
 (h) Change in Control . A Change in Control shall occur if, after the Date of Grant of an Award: 
 (i) The acquisition by any Person (as defined below) of beneficial ownership of 50 or more of the then outstanding shares of Company Stock; 
 (ii) Individuals who constitute the Board on the Effective Date of the Plan (the Incumbent Board cease to constitute a majority of the Board, provided that any director whose nomination was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding any such individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors of the Company; 
 (iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation (a Reorganization ), provided that a Reorganization will not constitute a Change in Control if, upon consummation of the Reorganization, each of the following conditions is satisfied: 
 (A) no Person beneficially owns 50 or more of either (1) the then outstanding shares of Company Stock or voting securities of the corporation or other entity resulting from the transaction or (2) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote 
 2 
 
 generally in the election of members of the board of directors (or similar governing body); and 
 (B) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the corporation or other entity resulting from the Reorganization were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement providing for the Reorganization; or 
 (iv) A complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 2(h), Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Act), other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any affiliated company, and beneficial ownership has the meaning given the term in Rule 13d-3 under the Act. 
 (i) Code . The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (j) Committee . The Committee appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, or if no such Committee has been appointed, the Board. 
 (k) Company . Virginia National Bankshares Corporation, a Virginia corporation. 
 (l) Company Stock . Common stock of the Company. If the par value of the Company Stock is changed, or in the event of a change in the capital structure of the Company (as provided in Section 13) the shares resulting from such a change shall be deemed to be Company Stock within the meaning of the Plan. 
 (m) Consultant . A person or entity rendering consulting or advisory services to the Company or an Affiliate who is not an employee for purposes of employment tax withholding under the Code or a director of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 (n) Date of Grant . The effective date of an Award granted by the Committee. 
 (o) Disability or Disabled . As to an Incentive Stock Option, a Disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. As to all other Awards, the Committee shall determine whether a Disability exists and such determination shall be conclusive. 
 (p) Fair Market Value . 
 (i) If the Company Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or quoted on any established stock market system, Fair Market Value shall be the closing price for the Company Stock on the date as of which Fair Market Value is determined for any purpose under the Plan (or if no trades were reported the closing price on the immediately preceding date on which the Company Stock was traded) as reported by such exchange or stock market system or such other source as the Committee deems reliable; provided, however, the Committee may elect to use, subject to applicable requirements of the Code and Treasury Regulations, the average closing price over a designated number of up to thirty (30) consecutive days to determine the Fair Market Value if the daily volume of trading in the Company Stock is not, in the sole discretion of the Committee, sufficient to be a reliable indicator of Fair Market Value. 
 (ii) If the Company Stock is not then listed on any established stock exchange or quoted on any established stock market system or if, in the opinion of the Committee, the method set forth in (i) is otherwise inapplicable or inappropriate for any reason, Fair Market Value shall be the fair market value of a share of Company Stock as determined pursuant to a reasonable application of a reasonable method adopted by the Committee in good faith for 
 3 
 
 such purpose, which shall be conclusive and binding on all persons; provided, however, that the Fair Market Value of Company Stock subject to an Incentive Stock Option shall be determined in good faith within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.422-2(e)(2) and the Fair Market Value of Company Stock subject to a Nonstatutory Stock Option or a stock appreciation right shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv). 
 (iii) Notwithstanding any other provisions in the Plan, Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the Date of Grant specified in the Award. 
 (q) Good Reason . If the Participant is a party to an employment agreement, change in control employment agreement, or other services agreement with the Company or an Affiliate and such agreement provides for a definition of Good Reason, the definition contained in the agreement. If no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Good Reason, the definition of Good Reason contained in the Award Agreement. In all other cases, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following without the Participant s express written consent, which circumstances are not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days of its receipt of a written notice from the Participant describing the applicable circumstances (which notice must be provided by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the Participant s knowledge of the applicable circumstances): (i) any material, adverse change in the Participant s duties, responsibilities, authority, title, status or reporting structure; (ii) a material reduction in the Participant s base salary or bonus opportunity unless any such base salary or bonus opportunity reduction is proportionate to reductions in base salaries or bonus opportunities of other similarly situated employees of the Company; or (iii) a geographical relocation of the Participant s principal office location by more than thirty (30) miles. 
 (r) Incentive Stock Option . An Option intended to meet the requirements of, and that qualifies for, favorable federal income tax treatment under, Section 422 of the Code, and is so designated. 
 (s) Nonstatutory Stock Option . An Option that does not meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, or that is otherwise not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (t) Option . A right to purchase Company Stock granted under the Plan, at a price determined in accordance with the Plan. 
 (u) Other Stock-Based Award . A right granted under Section 8. 
 (v) Participant . Any eligible Award recipient who is granted an Award under the Plan. 
 (w) Performance Award . An Award for which exercise, full enjoyment or receipt thereof by the Participant is contingent on satisfaction or achievement of a performance objective. The terms and conditions of each Performance Award, including the performance objective and performance period, shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement with the Participant or in a subplan of the Plan which is incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement 
 (x) Plan . The Virginia National Bankshares Corporation 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (y) Restricted Stock . Company Stock awarded upon the terms and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 6. 
 (z) Restricted Stock Unit . An Award, designated as a Restricted Stock Unit under the Plan, that represents the right to receive Company Stock and/or cash in lieu thereof upon the terms and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7 and which, unless otherwise expressly provided, is valued by reference to the Fair Market Value of a share of Company Stock. 
 4 
 
 (aa) Rule 16b-3 . Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Act, including any corresponding subsequent rule or any amendments to Rule 16b-3 enacted after the effective date of the Plan. 
 (bb) 10 Shareholder . A person who owns, directly or indirectly and within the meaning of Section 422 or 424 of the Code, stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company. Indirect ownership of stock shall be determined in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code. 
 3. Shares Subject to the Plan . 
 (a) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13 of the Plan, a total of 250,000 shares of Company Stock may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13, no more than an aggregate of 250,000 shares of Company Stock may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options that are the subject to disqualifying dispositions within in the meaning of Sections 421 and 422 of the Code). 
 (b) Any shares of Company Stock subject to an Award that is canceled, forfeited or expires prior to exercise, vesting or settlement, either in full or in part, shall again become available for issuance under the Plan; provided that shares subject to an Award shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the Plan if such shares are tendered or withheld in payment of an Option exercise price or to satisfy any amount of tax withholding with respect to the Award. 
 (c) The maximum number of shares of Company Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted in any calendar year to any Participant shall not exceed 40,000 shares in the aggregate. If an Award is to be settled in cash, the number of shares of Company Stock on which the Award is based shall count toward the individual share limit set forth in this Section 3(c). 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the maximum number of shares of Company Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted in any calendar year to any non-employee director of the Company or an Affiliate shall not exceed 10,000 shares. If an Award is to be settled in cash, the number of shares of Company Stock on which the Award is based shall count toward the individual share limit set forth in this Section 3(d). 
 4. Stock Options . 
 
 (a) Option Grant . Whenever the Committee deems it appropriate to grant Options, an Award Agreement shall be given to the Participant stating the number of shares for which Options are granted, the exercise price per share, whether the options are Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options, and the conditions to which the grant and exercise of the Options are subject. The Award Agreement shall set forth all restrictions on disposition and transfer applicable to the Option shares. Incentive Stock Options may be granted to employees of the Company or an Affiliate. Non-employee directors and Consultants shall not be eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options. No Option (or portion thereof) that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be invalid for failure to so qualify, but instead such Option (or portion thereof) shall constitute a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 (b) Exercise Price; No Option Repricing . The Committee shall establish the exercise price of Options. The exercise price of an Option shall be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such shares on the Date of Grant, provided that if the Participant is a 10 Shareholder, the exercise price of an Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of such shares on the Date of Grant. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the right or authority to amend or modify the exercise price of any outstanding Option, or to cancel an outstanding Option, at a time when the exercise price of the Option is greater than the Fair Market Value of a share of Company Stock in exchange for cash, 
 5 
 
 another Award, or other securities, except in connection with a change in capital structure or corporate transaction involving the Company in accordance with Section 13 or Section 15, respectively. 
 (c) Term . The Committee shall establish the term of each Option in the Participant s Award Agreement. The term of an Option shall not be longer than ten (10) years from the Date of Grant, except that an Incentive Stock Option granted to a 10 Shareholder shall not have a term in excess of five (5) years. No Option may be exercised after the expiration of its term or, except as set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, after the termination of the Participant s employment with the Company and/or its Affiliates. 
 (d) Time of Exercise . 
 (i) During Participant s Employment or Service . Options may be exercised during their terms in whole or in part at such times as may be specified by the Committee in the Participant s Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such vesting conditions and other requirements as the Committee deems appropriate, and the Committee may include such provisions regarding a Change in Control as the Committee deems appropriate. 

(ii) After Participant s Termination of Employment or Service . The Committee shall set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement when, and under what circumstances, an Option may be exercised after termination of the Participant s employment or period of service; provided that no Incentive Stock Option may be exercised after the earlier of (a) (i) three (3) months from the Participant s termination of employment with the Company for reasons other than Disability or death, or (ii) one (1) year from the Participant s termination of employment on account of Disability or death; or (b) the expiration of the Option s term. The Award Agreement may provide for various conditions with respect to the exercise of the Option after termination of employment, including, but not limited to, compliance with noncompetition and confidentiality covenants. 

(iii) After Participant s Death . If a Participant dies and if the Participant s Award Agreement provides that part or all of the Option may be exercised after the Participant s death, then such portion may be exercised by the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death during the time period specified in the Award Agreement, but not later than the expiration of the Option s term. 

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, amend a previously granted Incentive Stock Option to provide for more liberal exercise provisions, provided, however, that if the Incentive Stock Option as amended no longer meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, and, as a result the Option no longer qualifies for favorable federal income tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code, the amendment shall not become effective without the written consent of the Participant. 
 (e) Limit on Exercise of Incentive Stock Options . An Incentive Stock Option, by its terms, shall be exercisable in any calendar year only to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the Company Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable by the Participant for the first time during the calendar year does not exceed 100,000 (the Limitation Amount ). Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and all other plans of the Company and its Affiliates shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the Limitation Amount has been exceeded. The Board may impose such conditions as it deems appropriate on an Incentive Stock Option to ensure that the foregoing requirement is met. If Incentive Stock Options 
 6 
 
 that first become exercisable in a calendar year exceed the Limitation Amount, the excess Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options to the extent permitted by law. 
 5. Method of Exercise of Options . 
 
 (a) Exercise . Options may be exercised by giving written notice of the exercise to the Company, stating the Option being exercised and the number of shares the Participant has elected to purchase under the Option. 
 (b) Payment . In no event shall any shares be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the Participant has made full payment for the shares of Company Stock (including payment of the exercise price and any Applicable Withholding Taxes). Company Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows, provided that the Committee may impose such limitations and restrictions on payments with shares of Company Stock (including without limitation by net share exercise as the Committee, in its discretion, deems advisable: 
 (i) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company; 

(ii) by delivery of Company Stock that the Participant has previously acquired and owned (valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise), provided that such method of payment is then permitted under applicable law and the Company Stock was owned by the Participant for such period of time, if any, required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes; 

(iii) if provided in an Award Agreement, by withholding and retention by the Company of sufficient shares of Company Stock issuable in connection with the exercise to cover the exercise price (a net share exercise for an option not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option and, if required by the Committee, Applicable Withholding Taxes; 

(iv) by delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company, from the sale or loan proceeds with respect to the sale of Company Stock or a loan secured by Company Stock, the amount necessary to pay the exercise price and, if required by the Committee, Applicable Withholding Taxes; or 

(v) by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment. 

(c) Delivery of Shares . Upon the exercise of an Option in compliance with the provisions of this Section 5, the receipt by the Company of the payment for the shares of Company Stock so acquired, and satisfaction of the provisions of this Section 5, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered, within a reasonable time, to the Participant exercising the Option, either certificate(s) or shares held in book-entry form Book-Entry Shares for the number of shares of Company Stock with respect to which the Option is exercised. The shares of Company Stock shall be registered in the name of the exercising Participant or in such name jointly with the Participant as the Participant may direct in the written notice of exercise. The Company may place on any certificate or Book-Entry Shares representing Company Stock issued upon the exercise of an Option any legend or notation deemed desirable by the Company s counsel to comply with federal or state securities laws. The Company may require of the Participant a customary indication of his or her investment intent. A Participant shall not possess shareholder rights with respect to shares acquired upon the exercise of an Option until the Participant has made any required payment, including payment of Applicable Withholding Taxes, and the Company has issued a certificate (or made an equivalent book-entry notation in the records of the Company s stock transfer agent) for the shares of Company Stock acquired. 
 7 
 
 (d) Disqualifying Disposition . If a Participant disposes of shares acquired upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option within two (2) years from the date the Option is granted or within one (1) year after the issuance of such shares to the Participant, the Participant shall notify the Company of such disposition and provide information regarding the date of disposition, sale price, number of shares disposed of, and any other information relating thereto that the Company may reasonably request. 
 6. Restricted Stock Awards . 
 (a) Grant . Whenever the Committee deems it appropriate to grant a Restricted Stock Award, an Award Agreement shall be given to the Participant stating the number of shares of Restricted Stock for which the Award is granted, the Date of Grant, and the terms and conditions to which the Award is subject. Certificates representing the shares shall be issued (or an equivalent book-entry notation shall be made in the records of the Company s transfer agent) in the name of the Participant, subject to the restrictions imposed by the Plan and the Committee. Alternatively, the Committee may determine that the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company rather than delivered to the Participant pending the release of the applicable restrictions. A Restricted Stock Award may be made by the Committee in its discretion without cash consideration. 
 (b) Restrictions on Transferability and Vesting . The Committee may place such restrictions on the transferability and vesting of Restricted Stock as the Committee deems appropriate, including restrictions relating to continued service and financial performance goals. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may provide performance or Change in Control acceleration parameters under which all, or a portion, of the Restricted Stock will vest on the Company s (or an Affiliate s) achievement of established performance objectives. Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, disposed of, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered until the restrictions on such shares shall have lapsed or shall have been removed pursuant to subsection (c) below. 
 (c) Lapse of Restrictions on Transferability . The Committee shall establish as to each Restricted Stock Award the terms and conditions upon which the restrictions on transferability set forth in paragraph (b) above shall lapse. Such terms and conditions may include, without limitation, the passage of time, the meeting of performance objectives, the lapsing of such restrictions as a result of the Disability or death of the Participant, the occurrence of a Change in Control, or certain terminations of employment in connection with a Change in Control or otherwise. 
 (d) Rights of the Participant and Restrictions . A Participant shall hold shares of Restricted Stock subject to the restrictions set forth in the Award Agreement and in the Plan. In other respects, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the Participant shall have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, including, but not limited to, the right to vote such shares and the right to receive all cash dividends and other distributions paid thereon. To the extent stock certificates are delivered to the Participant, the certificates representing Restricted Stock shall bear a legend referring to the restrictions set forth in the Plan and the Participant s Award Agreement. 
 7. Restricted Stock Unit Awards . 
 (a) Grant . Whenever the Committee deems it appropriate to grant a Restricted Stock Unit Award, an Award Agreement shall be given to the Participant stating the number of Restricted Stock Units in the Award, the Date of Grant, and the terms and conditions to which the Award is subject. No shares of Company Stock shall be issued at the time a Restricted Stock Unit is granted, and the Company will not be required to set aside a fund for the payment of any such 
 8 
 
 award. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be made by the Committee in its discretion without cash consideration. 
 (b) Restrictions on Vesting . The Committee may place such restrictions on the vesting and settlement of Restricted Stock Units as the Committee deems appropriate, including restrictions relating to continued employment or service and/or achievement of performance objectives. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may provide performance or Change in Control acceleration parameters under which all, or a portion, of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the Company s (or an Affiliate s) achievement of established performance objectives. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, disposed of, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered. 
 (c) Rights of the Participant . A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to Restricted Stock Units. At the discretion of the Committee, to the extent set forth in the Award Agreement each Restricted Stock Unit (representing one share of Company Stock) may be credited with cash and stock dividends paid by the Company in respect of one share of Company Stock. Dividends credited to a Participant s account and attributable to any particular Restricted Stock Unit shall be distributed in cash or, at the discretion of the Committee, in shares of Company Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such credited dividends, with distribution to occur either upon settlement of such Restricted Stock Unit or at such other time or times set forth in an Award Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if such Restricted Stock Unit is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such credited dividends. 
 (d) Settlement . Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, a Participant s Restricted Stock Units which vest shall be immediately settled by the issuance and delivery to the Participant of one share of Company Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit or the payment of cash in an amount equal to the number of shares for which the Restricted Stock Unit vested multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a share of Company Stock on the vesting date, or a combination thereof as determined by the Committee. 
 8. Other Stock-Based Awards . 
 (a) Grant . The Committee is authorized to grant other types of equity-based or equity-related Awards not otherwise described by the terms of the Plan (including, subject to the limitations of the minimum vesting provisions of Section 26, the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted shares of Company Stock) to Participants in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine. Such Awards shall be referred to as Other Stock-Based Awards. Each such Other Stock-Based Award may involve the transfer of actual shares to Participants or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of shares of Company Stock. 
 (b) Award Terms . Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of shares or units or an equivalent measurement based on shares, as determined by the Committee. If the value of an Other Stock-Based Award will be based on the appreciation of shares from an initial value determined as of the date of grant, then such initial value shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share on the date of grant of such Other Stock-Based Award. 
 9. Applicable Withholding Taxes . Each Participant shall agree, as a condition of receiving an Award, to pay to the Company or the Affiliate, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Affiliate regarding the payment of, all Applicable Withholding Taxes with respect to the Award. Until the Applicable Withholding Taxes have been paid or arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Affiliate have been made, no stock certificates or Book-Entry Shares (or, in the case of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Other Stock-Based Awards, no stock certificates or Book-Entry Shares free of a restrictive legend or other notation) shall be issued to the Participant. As an alternative to making a cash 
 9 
 
 payment to the Company or the Affiliate to satisfy Applicable Withholding Tax obligations, the Committee may establish procedures permitting the Participant to elect to (a) deliver shares of already owned Company Stock or (b) have the Company or the Affiliate retain that number of shares of Company Stock from the shares otherwise deliverable under the Award, in either case with respect to which the Company has a statutory obligation to withhold taxes, up to the maximum tax rate applicable to the Participant, as determined by the Committee. Any such election shall be made only in accordance with procedures established by the Committee to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes and in accordance with Rule 16b-3. 
 10. Conditions on Delivery of Stock . The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Company Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company s counsel, all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. The Company may place on a certificate or Book-Entry Shares representing Company Stock any legend or other notation required to reflect restrictions pursuant to the Plan, and any legend or other notation deemed necessary by the Company s counsel to comply with federal or state securities laws. The Company may require a customary written indication of a Participant s investment intent. Until a Participant has been issued a certificate or Book-Entry Shares for the shares of Company Stock acquired, the Participant shall possess no shareholder rights with respect to the shares. 
 11. Nontransferability of Awards . 
 (a) General Rule. In general, Awards, by their terms, shall not be transferable by the Participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or except as described below, without prior written approval from the Committee. Incentive Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the Participant s lifetime, only by the Participant or by his guardian or legal representative. 
 (b) Limited Transferability. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11(a) and subject to federal and state securities laws, the Committee may on a case-by-case basis grant or amend Nonstatutory Stock Options that permit a Participant to transfer the Options to one or more immediate family members, to a trust for the benefit of immediate family members, or to a partnership, limited liability company, or other entity the only partners, members, or interest-holders of which are among the Participant s immediate family members. Consideration may not be paid for the transfer of Options. The transferee of an Option shall be subject to all conditions applicable to the Option prior to its transfer. The agreement granting the Option shall set forth the transfer conditions and restrictions. The Committee may impose on any transferable Option and on stock issued upon the exercise of an Option such limitations and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 12. Duration, Amendment or Modification of the Plan . 
 (a) Duration . If not sooner terminated by the Board, the Plan shall terminate at the close of business on April 26, 2032. Awards outstanding on the date of such termination shall remain valid in accordance with their terms. 
 (b) Amendment and Modification . The Board may at any time terminate, suspend, amend or modify the Plan. Any such amendment or modification may be without shareholder approval, except to the extent that such shareholder approval is required by the Code, pursuant to the rules under 
 10 
 
 Section 16 of the Act, by any national securities exchange or system on which shares of Company Stock is then listed or quoted, by any regulatory body having jurisdiction with respect thereto, or under any other applicable laws, rules or regulations. Awards outstanding on the date of such action shall remain valid in accordance with their terms. No Awards shall be made under the Plan after its termination. 
 (c) Amendments to Awards . Subject to the terms and provisions and within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any outstanding Award on either a prospective or retroactive basis; provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would adversely affect the rights of any Participant or other holder of an outstanding Award shall not be effective without the consent of the affected Participant or holder. 
 13. Change in Capital Structure . 
 (a) In the event of a stock dividend, stock split or combination of shares, spin-off, reorganization, recapitalization or merger in which the Company is the surviving corporation, or other change in the Company s capital stock (including, but not limited to, the creation or issuance to shareholders generally of rights, options or warrants for the purchase of Company Stock or preferred stock of the Company), the number and kind of shares of stock or securities of the Company to be issued under the Plan (under outstanding Awards and Awards to be granted in the future), the exercise price of options, and other relevant provisions shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee, whose determination shall be binding on all persons. If the adjustment would produce fractional shares with respect to any Award, the Committee may adjust appropriately the number of shares covered by the Award so as to eliminate the fractional shares. 
 (b) In the event of a reorganization, recapitalization or merger in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the result of which is that the Company becomes a majority owned subsidiary of another entity (the Parent ), then the Committee may take such actions with respect to Awards as the Committee deems appropriate (whose determination shall be binding on all persons), including without limitation causing any such Award then outstanding to be assumed, or new rights substituted therefor, by the Parent. 
 (c) In the event the Company distributes to its stockholders a stock dividend, or sells or causes to be sold to a person other than the Company or a subsidiary shares of stock in any corporation (a Spinoff Company which, immediately before the distribution or sale, was a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, the Committee shall have the power, in its sole discretion, to make such adjustments as the Committee deems appropriate. The Committee may make adjustments in the number and kind of shares or other securities to be issued under the Plan (under outstanding Awards and Awards to be granted in the future), the exercise price of Options, and other relevant provisions, and, without limiting the foregoing, may substitute securities of a Spinoff Company for securities of the Company. The Committee shall make such adjustments as it determines to be appropriate, considering the economic effect of the distribution or sale on the interests of the Company s shareholders and the Participants in the businesses operated by the Spinoff Company. The Committee s determination shall be binding on all persons. If the adjustment would produce fractional shares with respect to any Award, the Committee may adjust appropriately the number of shares covered by the Award so as to eliminate the fractional shares. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee may take the foregoing actions in this Section 13 without the consent of any Participant, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons for all purposes. The Committee shall make its determinations consistent with Rule 16b-3 and the applicable provisions of the Code. 
 (e) To the extent required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes, adjustments made by the Committee pursuant to this Section 13 to outstanding Awards shall be made 
 11 
 
 so that both (i) the aggregate intrinsic value of an Award immediately after the adjustment is not greater than or less than the Award s aggregate intrinsic value before the adjustment and (ii) the ratio of the exercise price per share to the market value per share is not reduced. 
 14. Termination of Employment . The Committee shall have the full power and authority to determine the terms and conditions that shall apply to any Award upon the termination of employment of a Participant, and may provide such terms and conditions in the Award Agreement or in such rules and policies as it may prescribe. If the terms of an Award provide that the Award will be exercisable, or become vested, or that payment will be made thereunder only if the Participant completes a stated period of employment or service, the Committee may decide to what extent leaves of absence for governmental or military service, illness, temporary disability or other reasons shall not be deemed interruptions of continuous employment or service. 
 15. Change in Control . 
 (a) In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, the Committee, as constituted before such Change in Control, shall provide for an outstanding Award to become fully vested, settled, and/or exercisable (in full for time-based Awards and at the greater of target or actual performance levels for performance-based Awards) in the event the Award is not assumed, or new rights substituted therefore, by the acquiring or surviving corporation in such Change in Control; and shall cause any such assumption or substitution to provide that the assumed or substituted Award shall become fully, vested, settled, and/or exercisable (in full for time-based Awards and at the greater of target or actual performance levels for performance-based Awards) in the event of an involuntary termination of employment without Cause or for Good Reason in connection with the Change in Control. In addition, the Committee shall make such adjustments to Awards then outstanding as the Committee deems appropriate to reflect such Change in Control and to retain the economic value of the Award. 
 (b) The obligations of the Company under the Plan and any Award Agreements shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company and its Affiliates, taken as a whole. 
 16. Administration of the Plan . 
 (a) The Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall be appointed by the Board. The Committee shall consist of independent directors for purposes of any relevant stock exchange listing standards. To the extent required by Rule 16b-3, all Awards shall be made by members of the Committee who are Non-Employee Directors as that term is defined in Rule 16b-3, or by the Board. In the event the Board determines that a member of the Committee (or any applicable subcommittee) was not an independent director under applicable stock exchange listing standards, and/or was not a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3, as applicable, on the Date of Grant, such determination shall not invalidate the Award and the Award shall remain valid in accordance with its terms. Any authority granted to the Committee may also be exercised by the full Board. 
 (b) Authority of the Committee . Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full and final authority to impose such limitations or conditions upon an Award as the Committee deems appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Award and the Plan. Without limiting the foregoing and in addition to the powers set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Committee shall have the power and complete discretion to determine: (i) which eligible persons shall receive an Award and the nature of the Award; (ii) the number of shares of Company Stock to be covered by each Award; (iii) whether Options shall be Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options; (iv) the Fair Market Value of Company Stock; (v) the time or times when an Award shall be granted; (vi) subject 
 12 
 
 to the Plan s minimum vesting provisions, whether an Award shall become vested over a period of time, according to a performance-based vesting schedule or otherwise, and when it shall be fully vested; (vii) the terms and conditions under which restrictions imposed upon an Award shall lapse; (viii) whether a Change in Control has occurred; (ix) factors relevant to the lapse of restrictions, vesting, exercise and settlement of Awards; (x) when Options may be exercised; (xi) whether to approve a Participant s election with respect to Applicable Withholding Taxes; (xii) conditions relating to the length of time before disposition of Company Stock received in connection with an Award is permitted; (xiii) notice provisions relating to the sale of Company Stock acquired under the Plan; (xiv) the manner in which Section 26 of the Plan, Minimum Vesting Provisions, shall be implemented; and (xiv) any additional requirements relating to Awards that the Committee deems appropriate. To the extent permitted by applicable law and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, the Committee may delegate to the President and/or Chief Executive Officer of the Company the power to designate other officers and employees of the Company who will receive Awards and to determine the extent of the Awards to be received by such Participant. Such delegation must be made by a resolution of the Committee that specifies the maximum number of shares that may be allocated as part of the Awards and such other terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee. 
 (c) Amendment . The Committee shall have the power to amend the terms of previously granted Awards so long as the terms as amended are consistent with the terms of the Plan and, where applicable, consistent with the qualification of an Option as an Incentive Stock Option. The consent of the Participant must be obtained with respect to any amendment that would adversely affect the Participant s rights under the Award, except that such consent shall not be required if such amendment is for the purpose of complying with Rule 16b-3 or any requirement of the Code applicable to the Award. 
 (d) Action by the Committee . The Committee may adopt rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan. The Committee shall have the express discretionary authority to construe and interpret the Plan and the Award Agreements, to resolve any ambiguities, to define any terms, and to make any other determinations required by the Plan or an Award Agreement. The interpretation and construction of any provisions of the Plan or an Award Agreement by the Committee shall be final and conclusive. The Committee may consult with counsel, who may be counsel to the Company, and shall not incur any liability for any action taken in good faith in reliance upon the advice of counsel. 
 (e) Quorum . A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, and all actions of the Committee shall be taken by a majority of the members present. Any action may be taken by a written instrument signed by all of the members, and any action so taken shall be fully effective as if it had been taken at a meeting. 
 17. Notice . All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, electronically, or mailed first class, postage prepaid, as follows: (a) if to the Company - at its principal business address to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer with a copy to the Secretary; (b) if to any Participant - at the last address of the Participant known to the sender at the time the notice or other communication is sent. 
 18. Section 409A . The Plan is intended to provide compensation that is exempt from or that complies with Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulations thereunder Section 409A ), and the Plan s terms and the terms of any Award Agreement, including any definition in the Plan or any Award Agreement, shall be administered and construed in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A, as appropriate. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment under the Plan shall be deemed to be a separate payment. 
 13 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any payment is subject to Section 409A, if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A as of the date of the Participant s termination of employment and the Company determines, in good faith, that immediate payment of any amounts or benefits under the Plan would cause a violation of Section 409A, then any amounts or benefits payable under the Plan upon the Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A which (i) are subject to the provisions of Section 409A; (ii) are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A; and (iii) would otherwise be payable during the first six-month period following such separation from service, shall be paid on the first business day next following the earlier of (1) the date that is six (6) months and one day following the Participant s separation from service or (2) the date of the Participant s death. 
 19. Tax Consequences . Nothing in the Plan or an Award Agreement shall constitute a representation by the Company to a Participant regarding the tax consequences of any Award received by a Participant under the Plan. Although the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify an Award for favorable federal tax treatment or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment e.g. , under Section 409A), the Company makes no representation to that effect and expressly disavows any covenant to maintain favorable tax treatment. The Company shall be unconstrained in its corporate activities without regard to the potential negative tax impact on holders of Awards under the Plan. 
 20. Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in the Plan, any Award which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (including but not limited to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act), will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company or any Affiliate pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). This Section 20 shall not limit the Company s right to revoke or cancel an Award or take other action against a Participant for any other reason, including, but not limited to, misconduct. 
 21. Rights Under the Plan . Title to and beneficial ownership of all benefits described in the Plan shall at all times remain with the Company. Participation in the Plan and the right to receive payments under the Plan shall not give a Participant any proprietary interest in the Company or any Affiliate or any of their assets. No trust fund shall be created in connection with the Plan, and there shall be no required funding of amounts that may become payable under the Plan. A Participant shall, for all purposes, be a general creditor of the Company or the Affiliate. The interest of a Participant in the Plan cannot be assigned, anticipated, sold, encumbered or pledged and shall not be subject to the claims of his creditors 
 22. Interpretation and Governing Law . The terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan shall be governed, construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, excluding any choice of law rules or principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of any provision of the Plan or an Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The Plan and Awards are subject to all present and future applicable provisions of the Code and, to the extent applicable, they are subject to all present and future rulings of the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to Rule 16b-3. If any provision of the Plan or an Award conflicts with any such Code provision or ruling, the Committee shall cause the Plan to be amended, and shall modify the Award, so as to comply, or if for any reason amendments cannot be made, that provision of the Plan or the Award shall be void and of no effect. 
 23. Banking, Statutory and Regulatory Provisions . The Plan and all Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to any condition, limitation, or prohibition under any Virginia or federal statutory or regulatory policy or rule to which the Company or an Affiliate is subject. 
 14 
 
 24. No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan or any instrument executed or Award granted under the Plan shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an employee with or without notice and with or without Cause, (ii) the service of a director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of Virginia in the case of the Company or the corporate law of the jurisdiction in which an Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be, or (iii) the service of a Consultant for any reason at any time. Further, the grant of an Award shall not obligate the Company or any Affiliate to pay an employee any particular amount of remuneration or to make further grants to the employee at any time thereafter. 
 25. Forfeiture Events . The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participant s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain events, in addition to applicable vesting conditions of an Award. Such events may include, without limitation, breach of non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants that are contained in the Award Agreement or otherwise applicable to the Participant, termination of the Participant s employment or service for Cause, or other conduct by the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and/or its Affiliates. In addition, if a Participant s employment or service is terminated for Cause, then as of the date of the misconduct, any Option held by the Participant shall terminate, and any unvested Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units held by the Participant shall be forfeited. 
 26. Minimum Vesting Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, Awards shall have a minimum vesting/exercise schedule of at least one (1) year, except that a shorter vesting/exercise schedule may apply to Awards for not more than 5 of the shares of Company Stock authorized for issuance under the Plan. 
 27. Deferral of Awards . The Committee may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Participants the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the Participant to payment or receipt of shares of Company Stock or other consideration under an Award. The Committee may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, shares or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Committee deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program. 
 28. Non-Uniform Treatment . The Committee shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations, amendments and adjustments, and to enter into non-uniform and selective Award Agreements. 
 29. Beneficiary Designation . A Participant may designate a beneficiary to receive any Options that may be exercised after death or to receive any other Award that may be paid after his death, as provided for in the Award Agreement. Such designation and any change or revocation of such designation shall be made in writing in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee (or its delegee). In the event that the designated beneficiary dies prior to the Participant, or in the event that no beneficiary has been designated, any Awards that may be exercised or paid following the Participant s death shall be transferred or paid in accordance with the Participant s will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 30. Creditors . The interests of any Participant under the Plan or any Award Agreement are not subject to the claims of creditors and may not, in any way, be assigned, alienated or encumbered. 
 15 
 
 31. Unfunded Status of the Plan . The Plan, insofar as it provides for Awards, shall be unfunded, and the Company shall not be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by Awards under the Plan. Any liability of the Company to any person with respect to any Award shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to the Plan. No such obligation of the Company shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Company. 

16 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 4
 vabk-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-270131 and No. 333-219445) of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Yount, Hyde Barbour, P.C. 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 vabk-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Glenn W. Rust, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:	March 29, 2023 

/s/ Glenn W. Rust 

Glenn W. Rust 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 vabk-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Tara Y. Harrison, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:	March 29, 2023 

/s/ Tara Y. Harrison 

Tara Y. Harrison 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 vabk-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, based on their knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

/s/ Glenn W. Rust 

Glenn W. Rust, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Tara Y. Harrison 

Tara Y. Harrison, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

March 29, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 vabk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vabk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 vabk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 vabk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vabk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

