<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1161728_0000950170-23-003632.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>49815734</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1431625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4417734</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>27463656</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4622305</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10550252</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003632.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222114926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003632
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MGE ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001161728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC, GAS & SANITARY SERVICES [4900]
		IRS NUMBER:				392040501
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49965
		FILM NUMBER:		23651347

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		133 SOUTH BLAIR STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1231
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53701-1231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(608) 252-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		133 SOUTH BLAIR STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1231
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53701-1231

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MADISON GAS & ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000061339
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				390444025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1025

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-01125
		FILM NUMBER:		23651348

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		133 SOUTH BLAIR STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 1231
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53701-1231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(608) 252-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 1231
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53701-1231

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003632.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 mgee-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

United States 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended : 
 
 report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ _______________ 

Commission File No. 
 Name of Registrant, State of Incorporation, Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Telephone No. 
 IRS Employer Identification No. 

(a Corporation) , | mgeenergy.com 

(a Corporation) , | mge.com 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 

MGE Energy, Inc. 

The Stock Market 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

Title of Class 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 Common Stock, 1 Par Value Per Share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrants are well-known seasoned issuers, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. No 			 Madison Gas and Electric Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrants are not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. Yes 			 Madison Gas and Electric Company Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to file such reports) and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. No 			 Madison Gas and Electric Company No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit such files): 
 MGE Energy, Inc. No 			 Madison Gas and Electric Company No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 

MGE Energy, Inc. 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrants have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial reporting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 				 Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 				 Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 				 Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 				 Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 MGE Energy, Inc. Yes No 			 Madison Gas and Electric Company Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of each registrant as of June 30, 2022 was as follows: 

MGE Energy, Inc. 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 

The number of shares outstanding of each registrant's common stock as of January 31, 2023, were as follows: 

MGE Energy, Inc. 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 

Madison Gas and Electric Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore omitting (i.) the information otherwise required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K relating to a list of subsidiaries of the registrant as permitted by General Instruction (I)(2)(b), (ii.) the information otherwise required by Item 10 relating to Directors and Executive Officers as permitted by General Instruction (I)(2)(c), (iii.) the information otherwise required by Item 11 relating to Executive Compensation as permitted by General Instruction (I)(2)(c), (iv.) the information otherwise required by Item 12 relating to Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management as permitted by General Instruction (I)(2)(c), and (v.) the information otherwise required by Item 13 relating to Certain Relationships and Related Transactions as permitted by General Instruction (I)(2)(c). 

Table of Contents 

Filing Format. 
 4 

Forward-Looking Statements. 
 4 

Where to Find More Information. 
 4 

Definitions, Abbreviations, and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes of this Report. 
 5 

PART I. 
 7 

Item 1. Business. 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 18 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 26 

Item 2. Properties. 
 27 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 29 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 29 

PART II. 
 30 

Item 5. Market for Registrants' Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 30 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 30 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 31 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 51 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 108 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 108 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 108 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 108 

PART III. 
 109 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 109 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 109 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 109 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 110 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 110 

PART IV. 
 111 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 111 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 114 

Signatures - MGE Energy, Inc. 
 119 

Signatures - Madison Gas and Electric Company. 
 120 

3 

Filing F ormat 
 
 This combined Form 10-K is being filed separately by MGE Energy, Inc. (MGE Energy) and Madison Gas and Electric Company (MGE). MGE is a wholly owned subsidiary of MGE Energy and represents a majority of its assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and operations. Thus, all information contained in this report relates to, and is filed by, MGE Energy. Information that is specifically identified in this report as relating solely to MGE Energy, such as its financial statements and information relating to its nonregulated business, does not relate to, and is not filed by, MGE. MGE makes no representation as to that information. The terms we and our, as used in this report, refer to MGE Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Forw ard-Looking Statements 
 
 This report, and other documents filed by MGE Energy and MGE with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from time to time, contain forward-looking statements that reflect management's current assumptions and estimates regarding future performance and economic conditions especially as they relate to economic conditions, future load growth, revenues, expenses, capital expenditures and rate recovery, financial resources, regulatory matters, and the scope and expense associated with future environmental regulation. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, could, should, intend, will, and other similar words, and words relating to goals, targets and projections, generally identify forward-looking statements. Both MGE Energy and MGE caution investors that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, expressed, or implied. 
 
 The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made by a registrant include (a) those factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Footnote 16. Commitments and Contingencies, and (b) other factors discussed herein and in other filings made by that registrant with the SEC. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. MGE Energy and MGE undertake no obligation to release publicly any revision to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report, except as required by law. 
 
 Where to Fin d More Information 
 
 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 MGE Energy maintains a website at mgeenergy.com , and MGE maintains a website at mge.com. Copies of the reports and other information that we file with the SEC may be obtained from our websites free of charge. Information contained on MGE Energy's and MGE's websites shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this report. 
 4 

Definitions, Abbreviat ions, and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes of this Report 
 
 Abbreviations, acronyms, and definitions used in the text and notes of this report are defined below. 

MGE Energy and Subsidiaries: 

CWDC 
 
 Central Wisconsin Development Corporation 

MAGAEL 
 
 MAGAEL, LLC 

MGE 
 
 Madison Gas and Electric Company 

MGE Energy 
 
 MGE Energy, Inc. 

MGE Power 
 
 MGE Power, LLC 

MGE Power Elm Road 
 
 MGE Power Elm Road, LLC 

MGE Power West Campus 
 
 MGE Power West Campus, LLC 

MGE Services 
 
 MGE Services, LLC 

MGE State Energy Services 
 
 MGE State Energy Services, LLC 

MGE Transco 
 
 MGE Transco Investment, LLC 

MGEE Transco 
 
 MGEE Transco, LLC 

North Mendota 
 
 North Mendota Energy Technology Park, LLC 

Other Defined Terms: 

2017 Tax Act 
 
 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 

2020 Plan 
 
 MGE Energy's 2020 Performance Unit Plan 

2021 Incentive Plan 
 
 MGE Energy's 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

AFUDC 
 
 Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 

ANR 
 
 ANR Pipeline 

ARO 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 

ATC 
 
 American Transmission Company LLC 

ATC Holdco 
 
 ATC Holdco, LLC 

Badger Hollow I 
 
 Badger Hollow I Solar Farm 

Badger Hollow II 
 
 Badger Hollow II Solar Farm 

BART 
 
 Best Available Retrofit Technology 

Blount 
 
 Blount Station 

BTA 
 
 Best Technology Available 

CA 
 
 Certificate of Authority 

CAA 
 
 Clean Air Act 

CASAC 
 
 Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee 

CBP 
 
 United States Customs and Border Patrol 

CAVR 
 
 Clean Air Visibility Rule 

CCR 
 
 Coal Combustion Residual 

CO 2 
 
 Carbon Dioxide 

codification 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 

Columbia 
 
 Columbia Energy Center 

Cooling degree days (CDD) 
 
 Measure of the extent to which the average daily temperature is above 65 degrees Fahrenheit, which is considered an indicator of possible increased demand for energy to provide cooling 

COVID-19 
 
 Coronavirus Disease 2019 and its variants 

COSO 
 
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 

CSAPR 
 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule 

CWA 
 
 Clean Water Act 

D.C. Circuit 
 
 United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 

Dth 
 
 Dekatherms 

EEI 
 
 Edison Electric Institute 

ELG 
 
 Effluent Limitations Guidelines 

Elm Road Units 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station 

EPA 
 
 United States Environmental Protection Agency 

FASB 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FIP 
 
 Federal Implementation Plan 

FERC 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

Forward Wind 
 
 Forward Wind Energy Center 

FTR 
 
 Financial Transmission Rights 

GAAP 
 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 

GHG 
 
 Greenhouse Gas 

5 

heating degree days (HDD) 
 
 Measure of the extent to which the average daily temperature is below 65 degrees Fahrenheit, which is considered an indicator of possible increased demand for energy to provide heating 

ICF 
 
 Insurance Continuance Fund 

IPCC 
 
 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 

IRA 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 

IRS 
 
 Internal Revenue Service 

kVA 
 
 Kilovolt Ampere 

KW 
 
 Kilowatt, a measure of electric energy generating capacity 

kWh 
 
 Kilowatt-hour 

MISO 
 
 Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. (a regional transmission organization) 

MW 
 
 Megawatt 

MWh 
 
 Megawatt-hour 

NAAQS 
 
 National Ambient Air Quality Standards 

Nasdaq 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market 

NERC 
 
 North American Electric Reliability Corporation 

NNG 
 
 Northern Natural Gas Company 

NO x 
 
 Nitrogen Oxides 

NSPS 
 
 New Source Performance Standards 

NYSE 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

O'Brien 
 
 O'Brien Solar Fields 

OSCE 
 
 State of Wisconsin's Office of Sustainability and Clean Energy 

Paris 
 
 Paris Solar and Battery Park 

Paris Agreement 
 
 Paris Agreement under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change 

PCBs 
 
 Polychlorinated Biphenyls 

the Petition 
 
 Petition for Judicial Review of Agency Action 

PGA 
 
 Purchased Gas Adjustment clause 

PM 
 
 Particulate Matter 

PPA 
 
 Purchased power agreement 

PSCW 
 
 Public Service Commission of Wisconsin 

REC 
 
 Renewable Energy Credit 

RER 
 
 Renewable Energy Rider 

Riverside 
 
 Riverside Energy Center in Beloit, Wisconsin 

ROE 
 
 Return on Equity 

RTO 
 
 Regional Transmission Organization 

Saratoga 
 
 Saratoga Wind Farm 

SCR 
 
 Selective Catalytic Reduction 

SEC 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 

SIP 
 
 State Implementation Plan 

SO 2 
 
 Sulfur Dioxide 

SOFR 
 
 Secured Overnight Funding Rate 

the State 
 
 State of Wisconsin 

Stock Plan 
 
 Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan of MGE Energy 

Two Creeks 
 
 Two Creeks Solar Farm 

USDOC 
 
 United States Department of Commerce 

UW 
 
 University of Wisconsin at Madison 

VIE 
 
 Variable Interest Entity 

WCCF 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility 

WDNR 
 
 Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources 

WEPCO 
 
 Wisconsin Electric Power Company 

working capital 
 
 Current assets less current liabilities 

WOTUS 
 
 Waters of the United States 

WPDES 
 
 Wisconsin Pollutant Discharge Elimination System 

WPL 
 
 Wisconsin Power and Light Company 

WPSC 
 
 Wisconsin Public Service Corporation 

WRERA 
 
 Worker, Retiree and Employer Recovery Act of 2008 

XBRL 
 
 eXtensible Business Reporting Language 

6 

PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 
 MGE Energy operates in the following business segments: 
 
 Regulated electric utility operations generating, purchasing, and distributing electricity through MGE. 

Regulated gas utility operations purchasing and distributing natural gas through MGE. 

Nonregulated energy operations owning and leasing electric generating capacity that assists MGE through MGE Energy's wholly owned subsidiaries MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus. 

Transmission investments representing our investment in American Transmission Company LLC, a company engaged in the business of providing electric transmission services primarily in Wisconsin, and our investment in ATC Holdco LLC, a company created to facilitate out-of-state electric transmission development and investments. 

All other investing in companies and property that relate to the regulated operations and financing the regulated operations, through its wholly owned subsidiaries CWDC, MAGAEL, MGE State Energy Services, North Mendota, and Corporate functions. 

MGE's utility operations represent a majority of the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and operations of MGE Energy. MGE Energy's nonregulated energy operations currently include an undivided interest in two coal-fired generating units located in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, which we refer to as the Elm Road Units, and an undivided interest in a cogeneration facility located on the Madison campus of the University of Wisconsin, which we refer to as the West Campus Cogeneration Facility or WCCF. 
 
 As a public utility, MGE is subject to regulation by the PSCW and the FERC. The PSCW has authority to regulate most aspects of MGE's business including rates, accounts, issuance of securities, and plant siting. The PSCW also has authority over certain aspects of MGE Energy as a holding company of a public utility. FERC has jurisdiction, under the Federal Power Act, over certain accounting practices and certain other aspects of MGE's business. 
 
 MGE Energy's subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under local, state, and federal laws regarding air and water quality and solid waste disposal. See Environmental below. 
 
 MGE Energy was organized as a Wisconsin corporation in 2001. MGE was organized as a Wisconsin corporation in 1896. Our principal offices are located at 133 South Blair Street, Madison, Wisconsin 53788, and our telephone number is (608) 252-7000. 
 
 Electric Utility Operations 
 
 MGE distributes electricity in a service area covering a 264 square-mile area of Dane County, Wisconsin. The service area includes the city of Madison, Wisconsin. It owns or leases ownership interests in electric generation facilities located in Wisconsin and Iowa. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, MGE supplied electric service to approximately 161,000 customers, with approximately 90 located in the cities of Fitchburg, Madison, Middleton, and Monona and 10 in adjacent areas. 
 
 7 

Electric sales, customers, and revenues for 2022 were comprised of the following: 

Electric operations accounted for approximately 65.2 , 69.4 , and 73.2 of MGE's total 2022, 2021, and 2020 regulated revenues, respectively. 
 
 See Item 2. Properties for a description of MGE's electric utility plant. 
 
 MGE is registered with North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) and one regional entity, the Midwest Reliability Organization. The essential purposes of these entities are to develop and implement regional and NERC reliability standards and determine compliance with those standards, including enforcement mechanisms. 
 
 Transmission 
 
 American Transmission Company LLC (ATC) was formed by Wisconsin-based utilities who were required by Wisconsin law to contribute their transmission facilities to it in 2001 and is owned by those utilities and their affiliates. ATC's purpose is to provide reliable, economic transmission service to all customers in a fair and equitable manner. ATC plans, constructs, operates, maintains, and expands transmission facilities that it owns to provide adequate and reliable transmission of power. ATC is regulated by FERC for all rate terms and conditions of service. ATC is also regulated by the PSCW for some aspects of its governance and is a transmission-owning member of the MISO. 
 
 Regional Transmission Organizations (RTO) 
 
 MISO 
 MGE is a nontransmission owning member of MISO. MISO, a FERC-approved RTO, is responsible for monitoring the electric transmission system that delivers power from generating plants to wholesale power customers. MISO's role is to ensure equal access to the transmission system and to maintain or improve electric system reliability across 15 U.S. states and the Canadian province of Manitoba. 
 
 MISO operates a bid-based energy market. MGE offers substantially all of its generation to the MISO market and purchases its load requirement from the MISO market in accordance with the MISO tariff. MGE also participates in the ancillary services market operated by MISO, which is an extension of the existing energy market. Through the operation of the ancillary services market, MISO provides the reserves for MGE's load, and MGE may offer to sell reserves from its generating units. 
 
 MGE participates in the MISO capacity auction, which provides a forum for buyers and sellers of planning resource credits to interact. Load serving entities such as MGE may participate in the capacity auction to obtain the necessary aggregate planning resource credits needed to meet their planning reserve margin requirement established by the PSCW. Generator owners may participate to sell any excess aggregate planning resource credits. 
 
 8 

Fuel supply and generation 
 
 MGE satisfies its customers' electric demand with internal generation and purchased power. MGE's current fuel mix for generation fluctuates from year-to-year due to fuel pricing in the market, generating unit availability, weather, and customer demand. MGE has a responsibility to its customers to dispatch the lowest cost generation available pursuant to regulatory requirements. 
 
 MGE's electric energy delivery requirements were satisfied from the following fuel sources: 

(in MWh) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Coal 

1,219,793 

1,797,017 

1,566,204 

Natural gas 

539,265 

405,696 

502,387 

Renewable sources (a) 

759,194 

581,374 

485,965 

Fuel oil 

475 

884 

472 

Purchased power - other (b)(c) 

919,052 

726,008 

789,058 

Total fuel sources 

3,437,779 

3,510,979 

3,344,086 

Adjusted total fuel sources (c) 

3,741,207 

3,743,743 

3,663,569 

(a) Includes both internal generation and purchased power. 

(b) Includes third-party purchased power and MISO market activity. A significant percentage of MGE's electric supply comes from internal generation sources. MGE supplements this internal generation with long-term purchase power agreements and spot purchases in the MISO market. 

(c) The MISO market consists of two energy markets, the Day-ahead market and the Real-time market. The table above nets purchases and sales within the same hour in the two MISO markets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the amount netted between Day-ahead and the Real-time MISO markets was 303,428 MWh, 232,764 MWh, and 319,483 MWh, respectively. These amounts are reflected in Adjusted total fuel sources. 

MGE is working toward a more sustainable future for the benefit of all its investors, employees, customers and the broader community. MGE is targeting net-zero carbon electricity by 2050. In early 2022, MGE committed to achieving carbon reductions of at least 80 by 2030, from 2005 levels. 
 
 MGE's carbon reduction goals are aligned with those of the scientific community, specifically the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and its recommendation of limiting global temperature increases to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. In 2020, the University of Wisconsin-Madison's Nelson Institute for Environmental Studies released its analysis of MGE's goal of reaching net-zero carbon electricity by 2050. The IPCC modeling available suggested that by 2050, emissions from electricity generation in industrialized countries should be 87 to 99 lower than the 2005 baseline. The study determined that our 2050 goal is in line with model benchmarks to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. 
 
 MGE is working to achieve a more sustainable energy future using the best, most cost-effective technologies as they become available. MGE's future path to achieve its new target of 80 carbon reduction by 2030 is based on the transition away from coal and the addition of new renewable generation to reach our ultimate target of net-zero carbon by 2050. MGE already has taken action toward its goals: 
 Transition away from coal - In February 2021, MGE and the other co-owners of Columbia, a two-unit coal-fired generation facility located near Portage, Wisconsin, announced plans to retire that facility. MGE currently owns 19 of the facility. The co-owners intend to retire Unit 1 and Unit 2 by June 2026. Final timing and retirement dates are subject to change depending on operational, regulatory, and other factors. By 2027, with the planned retirement of both units at Columbia, MGE will have eliminated approximately two-thirds of the company s current coal-fired generation capacity. MGE's remaining use of coal is expected to be further reduced as the Elm Road Units transition to natural gas. MGE is a minority owner of the coal-fired Elm Road Generating Station in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. In late 2021, MGE announced plans to end the use of coal as a primary fuel at the Elm Road Units and transition the plant to natural gas. Transition plans and costs will be subject to PSCW approval. By the end of 2030, MGE expects coal to be used only as a backup fuel at the Elm Road Units. This transition will help MGE meet its 2030 carbon reduction goal. By 2035, MGE expects that the Elm Road Units will be fully transitioned away from coal, which will eliminate coal as an owned generation source for MGE. 

9 

Renewable generation - Our solar, wind, and battery storage projects, as described below, are a major step toward deep decarbonization and greater use of clean energy sources in pursuit of our net-zero carbon goal. Additionally, MGE seeks to reduce its use of fossil fuels and work to help customers with energy efficiency and electrification, including the electrification of transportation. 

Since 2015, MGE has announced several new joint and wholly-owned utility-scale wind and solar projects, which are expected to increase MGE's owned renewable capacity by more than nine times when completed. The following is a timeline of when these renewable energy projects have been completed, expected to be completed, or proposed to be completed, and MGE's share of capacity. 

Year of Commercial Operation 
 Renewable Energy Project 
 Fuel Type 
 Share of Generation 

2017 
 Shared Solar 
 Solar 
 .5 MW 

2018 
 Forward Energy Center 
 Wind 
 17.6 MW 

2019 
 Saratoga 
 Wind 
 66 MW 

2020 
 Morey Field (RER/Shared Solar) 
 Solar 
 2.5 MW/3.5 MW 

Two Creeks 
 Solar 
 50 MW 

Dane County Airport (RER) 
 Solar 
 10 MW 

2021 
 Badger Hollow I 
 Solar 
 50 MW 

O Brien (RER) 
 Solar 
 22 MW 

2022 
 Hermsdorf (RER) 
 Solar 
 8 MW 

2023 
 Red Barn - under construction 
 Wind 
 9.16 MW 

Badger Hollow II - under construction 
 Solar 
 50 MW 

Paris - under construction 
 Solar/Battery (b) 
 20 MW/11 MW 

Tyto - under construction 
 Solar 
 6 MW 

2024 
 Darien 
 Solar/Battery (b) 
 25 MW/7.5 MW 

2025 
 Koshkonong proposed (a) 
 Solar/Battery (b) 
 30 MW/16.5 MW 

(a) Pending approval by the PSCW. 

(b) Battery storage timing to be determined. 

MGE is working to achieve a more sustainable energy future by investing in cost-effective renewable generation and innovative new technologies and services for customers. MGE has emphasized this innovation by developing customer programs to address climate change and encourage our customers to use clean energy. Our Renewable Energy Rider and Shared Solar programs reduce MGE's carbon emissions while providing customers the ability to purchase renewable energy to meet their energy needs, and we have been working on many fronts in the community to further the electrification of transportation. 
 
 Renewable Energy Rider (RER) Under this program, MGE partners with large energy users on customized renewable energy solutions. MGE owns the generation assets and RER customers are billed a contractual renewable resource rate for all costs associated with the construction and ongoing operations of the renewable generation facility. This contractual rate is approved by the PSCW and subject to terms and conditions specified in the RER rate schedule. The program entitles RER customers to the contractually-specified energy output of the renewable energy resource. MGE will continue to recover the distribution system costs related to the energy consumed by these customers. Dane County Solar serves the Dane County municipal government. Morey Field RER serves the City of Middleton and Middleton-Cross Plains School District. The O'Brien Solar Fields primarily serve governmental entities such as UW-Madison, Wisconsin Department of Administration, and the City of Fitchburg. Hermsdorf serves the City of Madison and Madison Metropolitan School District. MGE has completed construction of 42.5 MW of capacity for the RER program. 
 
 Shared Solar Program This program provides an opportunity for residential and small business customers the option to power their household or business with locally generated solar energy for up to half of their annual energy use. It's an affordable option for customers who want to support local solar. The first solar array associated with this program, owned by MGE, became operational in 2017 and was fully subscribed for its capacity value of 500 KW. MGE expanded the program by completing construction of a second solar facility (Morey Field), which added 3.5 MW of capacity to the program. 
 
 10 

Electrifying transportation - The electrification of transportation is a key strategy for reducing carbon emissions. MGE has a network of more than 45 charging stations, powered by renewable energy, serving the growing number of electric vehicles (EV) in our service area. The new EV fast charging hub began serving drivers in late 2021 and features some of the most powerful EV chargers in the Midwest. Charge@Home, MGE's home EV charging program, makes it easy for EV drivers to charge efficiently and conveniently. We have continued to add EVs to our fleet and are targeting 100 all-electric or plug-in hybrid light-duty vehicles by 2030. Additionally, we are working with the City of Madison to further the electrification of its vehicles and buses. The City of Madison currently has a goal of 100 electric buses used for its' new Bus Rapid Transit system located in the downtown region. 
 
 Natural gas as a fuel source - In December 2022, the PSCW approved MGE's request for its purchase of an ownership interest in the West Riverside Energy Center, a highly efficient, state-of-the-art natural gas-fired plant in Beloit, Wisconsin. MGE's share of West Riverside will be 25 MW. The acquisition of that ownership interest is expected to occur in March 2023. MGE also has an option to purchase an additional 25 MW of capacity from West Riverside until May 2025. MGE currently expects to file in the first half of 2023 with the PSCW a request for a purchase of the additional 25 MW. Natural gas has much lower carbon emission rates compared to coal-fired generation. The investment in the West Riverside plant will help MGE to retire the Columbia coal-fired facility ahead of schedule. 

Generation sources 
 MGE receives electric generation supply from coal-fired, gas-fired, and renewable energy sources. These sources include owned facilities as well as facilities leased from affiliates and accounted for under our nonregulated energy operations. See Item 2. Properties for more information regarding these generation sources, including location, capacity, ownership or lease arrangement, and fuel source. See Nonregulated Energy Operations below for more information regarding generating capacity leased to MGE by nonregulated subsidiaries. 
 
 Purchased power 
 MGE enters into short- and long-term purchase power commitments with third parties to meet a portion of its anticipated electric energy supply needs. As of December 31, 2022, MGE has 30 MW of a renewable purchase power commitment for each of the next five years. 
 
 Gas Utility Operations 
 
 MGE transports and distributes natural gas in a service area covering 1,684 square miles in seven south-central Wisconsin counties. The service area includes the city of Madison, Wisconsin and surrounding areas. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, MGE supplied natural gas service to approximately 173,000 customers in the cities of Elroy, Fitchburg, Lodi, Madison, Middleton, Monona, Prairie du Chien, Verona, and Viroqua; 25 villages; and all or parts of 50 townships. Gas sales, customers, and revenues for 2022 were comprised of the following: 

11 

Gas operations accounted for approximately 34.8 , 30.6 , and 26.8 of MGE's total 2022, 2021, and 2020 regulated revenues, respectively. 
 
 MGE can curtail gas deliveries to interruptible customers. These are customers who agree to reduce their load in the case of an emergency interruption. Approximately 3 of retail gas deliveries in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were to interruptible customers. 
 
 Gas supply 
 
 MGE has physical interconnections with ANR Pipeline Company (ANR) and Northern Natural Gas Company (NNG). MGE's primary service territory, which includes Madison and the surrounding area, receives deliveries at one NNG and four ANR gate stations. MGE's outlying territory receives deliveries at NNG gate stations located in Elroy, Prairie du Chien, Viroqua, and Crawford County. Interconnections with two major pipelines provide competition in interstate pipeline service and a more reliable and economical gas supply mix, which includes gas from Canada and the mid-continent and Gulf Coast regions of the United States. 
 
 During the winter months, when customer demand is high, MGE is primarily concerned with meeting its obligation to customers. MGE meets customer demand by using firm supplies under contracts finalized before the heating season, supplies in storage (injected during the summer), and other firm supplies purchased during the winter period. 
 
 By contract, a total of 6,515,510 Dth of gas can be injected into ANR's storage fields in Michigan from April 1 through October 31. These gas supplies are then available for withdrawal during the subsequent heating season, November 1 through March 31. Using storage allows MGE to buy gas supplies during the summer season, when prices are normally lower, and withdraw these supplies during the winter season, when prices are typically higher. Storage also gives MGE more flexibility in meeting daily load fluctuations. 
 
 MGE's contracts for firm transportation service of gas include winter maximum daily quantities of: 
 
 185,650 Dth (including 116,078 Dth of storage withdrawals) on ANR. 

80,410 Dth on NNG. 

Nonregulated Energy Operations 
 
 MGE Energy, through our subsidiaries, has developed generation sources that assist MGE in meeting the electricity needs of our customers. These sources consist of the Elm Road Units and the WCCF, which are owned by subsidiaries of MGE Energy and leased to MGE. See Item 2. Properties for a description of these facilities, their joint owners, and the related lease arrangements. 
 
 Transmission Investments 
 
 ATC owns and operates electric transmission facilities primarily in Wisconsin. MGE received an interest in ATC when it, like other Wisconsin electric utilities, contributed its electric transmission facilities to ATC as required by Wisconsin law. That interest is presently held by MGE Transco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MGE Energy. As of December 31, 2022, MGE Transco held a 3.6 ownership interest in ATC. 
 
 In 2016, ATC Holdco was formed by several of the members of ATC, including MGE Energy, to facilitate electric transmission development and investments outside of Wisconsin, which typically have long development and investment lead times before becoming operational. ATC Holdco's future transmission development activities have been suspended for the near term. MGE Energy's ownership interest in ATC Holdco is held by MGEE Transco, a wholly-owned subsidiary. As of December 31, 2022, MGEE Transco held a 4.4 ownership interest in ATC Holdco. 
 
 Environ mental 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE are subject to frequently changing local, state, and federal regulations concerning air quality, water quality, land use, threatened and endangered species, hazardous materials handling, and solid waste disposal. These regulations affect the manner in which we conduct our operations, the costs of those 
 12 

operations, as well as capital and operating expenditures. Regulatory initiatives, proposed rules, and court challenges to adopted rules, have the potential to have a material effect on our capital expenditures and operating costs. In addition to the regulations discussed below, MGE continues to track state and federal initiatives such as potential state and federal regulations governing surface water and/or groundwater containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, potential changes to regulations governing polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), potential changes to air and water standards, and potential climate change legislation. 
 
 In February 2021, MGE and the other co-owners of Columbia announced plans to retire that facility. The co-owners intend to retire Unit 1 and Unit 2 by June 2026. Final timing and retirement dates are subject to change depending on operational, regulatory, and other factors. Effects of environmental compliance discussed below will depend upon the final approved retirement dates and compliance requirement dates. 
 
 Water Quality 
 
 Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source Category 
 The EPA has promulgated water Effluent Limitations Guidelines (ELG) and standards for steam electric power plants which focus on the reduction of metals and other pollutants in wastewater from new and existing power plants. MGE's Columbia plant and Elm Road Units are subject to this rule. 
 
 See Footnote 16.a. of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of compliance plans for Columbia and the Elm Road Units. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates. 
 
 Cooling Water Intake Rules (Section 316(b)) 
 Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act require cooling water intake structures at electric power plants meet best available technology (BTA) standards to reduce mortality from entrainment (drawing aquatic life into a plant's cooling system) and impingement (trapping aquatic life on screens). The EPA finalized its Section 316(b) rule for existing facilities in 2014. Section 316(b) requirements are implemented in Wisconsin through modifications to plants' WPDES permits, which govern plant wastewater discharges. 
 
 WCCF, Blount, and Columbia are subject to this rule. WCCF employs a system that meets the Section 316(b) rule. Blount's WPDES permit assumes that the plant meets BTA standards for the duration of the permit, which expires in 2023. Before the next permit renewal, MGE is required to complete an entrainment study and recommend a BTA along with other technologies considered. MGE completed the entrainment study in 2021 and submitted the results to the WDNR. The WDNR will make the final BTA determination and include any BTA requirements in Blount's next permit renewal, which is expected to be completed and effective in 2023. Management believes that the BTA determination at Blount will not be material for MGE. 
 
 Intakes at the Columbia plant are subject to this rule. Columbia's operator received a permit in 2019 requiring studies of intake structures to be submitted to the WDNR by November 2023 to help determine BTA. BTA improvements may not be required given that Columbia is scheduled to retire both units by June 2026. MGE will continue to work with Columbia's operator to evaluate all regulatory requirements applicable to the planned retirements. 
 
 Management believes that the Section 316(b) rule will not have a material effect on its existing plants and that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects. 
 
 Air Quality 
 
 Air quality regulations promulgated by the EPA and WDNR in accordance with the Federal Clean Air Act and the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 impose restrictions on emission of particulates, sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ), nitrogen oxides (NO x ), hazardous air pollutants and other pollutants, and require permits for operation of emission sources. These permits must be renewed periodically. Various newly enacted and/or proposed federal and state initiatives may result in additional operating and capital expenditure costs for fossil-fueled electric generating units. 
 
 13 

Ozone NAAQS 
 The Elm Road Units are located in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, a nonattainment area. In October 2022, the EPA reclassified Milwaukee County from marginal to moderate nonattainment under the 2015 ozone NAAQS. The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) must develop a State Implementation Plan (SIP) for the area, and this reclassification will result in more stringent SIP requirements for both constructing new development and modifying or expanding existing plants in the area. The deadline for moderate classified areas to meet attainment standards is August 2024. MGE will continue to monitor the WDNR's SIP development and the extent to which the requirements will impact the Elm Road Units. At this time, the operator of the Elm Road Units does not expect that the 2015 Ozone NAAQS will have a material effect on its existing plants based on final designations. 
 
 Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) NAAQS 
 In January 2023, the EPA published a proposed rule to lower the average annual PM2.5 NAAQS from its current level. The EPA also solicited comments on whether to lower the annual standard further than the proposed level, and whether or not to also lower the maximum 24-hour limit to be consistent with recommendations from its Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee (CASAC). As the rule is currently proposed, the annual PM2.5 NAAQS and the 24-hour limit recommended by the CASAC is not expected to impact the counties where Columbia and the Elm Road Units are located. However, if the annual PM2.5 NAAQS is lowered further than the EPA's currently proposed value, the county where the Elm Road Units are located may be in nonattainment with the standard. A nonattainment designation would require the State of Wisconsin to develop a plan to get into attainment. However, we will not know the impact of this rule with any certainty until it is finalized, counties' attainment status is determined by the EPA, and the State of Wisconsin develops an attainment implementation plan. MGE will continue to follow the rule's developments. 
 
 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR): Proposed Ozone Season Update based on 2008 Ozone NAAQS 
 The EPA's CSAPR and its progeny are a suite of interstate air pollution transport rules designed to reduce ozone and fine PM2.5 ambient air levels in areas that the EPA has determined as being significantly impacted by pollution from upwind states. 
 
 In April 2022, the EPA published a proposed Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) to address state obligations under the Clean Air Act good neighbor provisions for the 2015 Ozone NAAQS. See Footnote 16.a. of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of the proposed rule. MGE expects the rule, if finalized as written, to impact our fossil-fueled generation assets. However, we will not know the impact of this rule with any certainty until it is finalized. We will continue to monitor rule developments. 
 
 Clean Air Visibility Rule (CAVR) 
 Columbia is subject to the best available retrofit technology (BART) regulations, a subsection of CAVR, which may require pollution control retrofits. Columbia's existing pollution control upgrades, and the EPA's stance that compliance with the CSAPR equals compliance with BART, should mean that Columbia will not need to do additional work to meet BART requirements. Wisconsin's 2021 SIP argues that Wisconsin will meet its current regional haze goals based on expected emissions reductions, which include Columbia unit retirements. Given that the Wisconsin SIP recognizes the Columbia unit retirements as part of its emission reduction plan, MGE does not anticipate further obligations with this rule at Columbia. MGE will continue to monitor legal developments and any future updates to this rule. 
 
 Global Climate Change 
 
 MGE is a producer of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, primarily from the fossil fuel generating facilities it uses to meet customers' energy needs, as well as from its natural gas pipeline system and fleet vehicles. Climate change and the regulatory response to it could significantly affect our operations in a number of ways, including increased operating costs and capital expenditures, restrictions on energy supply options, operational limits on our fossil fuel fired plants, permitting difficulties, and emission limits. MGE management would expect to seek and receive rate recovery of such compliance costs, if and when required. MGE continues to monitor proposed climate change legislation and regulation. 
 
 MGE has taken steps to address GHG emissions through voluntary actions. In 2005, MGE implemented its Energy 2015 Plan. Under the Plan and other actions, our CO 2 emissions declined from 2005 to 2015 by approximately 20 even though total system delivered energy increased. In 2015, MGE announced its Energy 2030 framework that 
 14 

continues steps to reduce CO 2 emissions. Subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions, MGE aims to increase renewable energy to 25 of retail electric sales by 2025 and to 30 by 2030. Under our Energy 2030 framework prior to the announcement of the Columbia retirement, our plan was to reduce CO 2 emissions from electricity by 40 from 2005 levels by 2030. In January 2022, MGE announced a new target of 80 carbon reduction from electricity, significantly exceeding the original 2030 goal. Beyond 2030, we are targeting net-zero carbon electricity by 2050, including our commitment to work with our co-owners at our Elm Road Units to reduce coal use by 2030 and eliminate coal use by 2035. 
 
 Natural gas continues to be a critical resource for meeting reliable, efficient, and affordable energy needs. About half of U.S. households use natural gas for heating. In 2022, MGE completed an in-depth analysis and inventory of our GHG emissions associated with electric generation and distribution, purchase and distribution of natural gas, and other sources, such as indirect emissions from gas usage by our customers. Throughout the natural gas distribution system, MGE already has replaced and upgraded all piping made of material considered to be leak-prone. Additionally, MGE's leak inspection schedule already exceeds federal requirements. MGE is building on our Energy 2030 framework to further address emissions associated with MGE's purchase and distribution of natural gas. The 2030 framework includes strategies for working with our suppliers, pipeline operators, customers, regulators, and other industry stakeholders. The framework also includes the exploration of new and emerging technologies, such as renewable natural gas, to serve our customers more sustainably. 
 
 Greenhouse Gas Reduction Guidelines under the Clean Air Act 111(d) Rule 
 
 WCCF, the Elm Road Units, Blount, and Columbia could be impacted by GHG reduction guidelines and approval criteria established under the Clean Air Act for the control of GHG emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units (EGUs). The EPA is undertaking a new rulemaking under section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act to establish emission guidelines and limit GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired EGUs. The EPA is also conducting a comprehensive review of the New Source Performance Standards (NSPS) and may set new emission standards for GHG emissions from new, modified, and/or reconstructed fossil fuel-fired power plants. The EPA anticipates issuing a proposed rule in spring 2023 and a final rule by summer 2024. MGE will continue to evaluate greenhouse gas rule developments, including any new EPA actions towards rule development, and any further court decisions on the EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gases. 
 
 Federal Action on Climate Change 
 
 President Biden's actions on climate change, including multiple executive orders and the recommitment of the U.S. to the Paris Agreement under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the Paris Agreement), indicate that climate considerations are a broad focus. 
 
 In December 2021, President Biden signed an executive order that sets goals for the federal government agencies and operations to have, among other things, 100 carbon-free electricity by 2030, acquisitions of vehicles to be 100 zero-emissions light-duty vehicles by 2027, and all vehicles by 2035, and net-zero emissions from federal operations by 2050. Efforts at the federal level are expected to spur the carbon-neutral economy in the private sector. 
 
 In August 2022, the federal government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA). Included in the IRA are federal funds for investment in infrastructure, transportation, energy, and climate change. MGE is monitoring actions on climate change to determine the impact to MGE's decarbonization plans. In September 2022, President Biden signed an executive order on the Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Act of 2022. The order directs agencies to implement the energy and infrastructure provisions of the 2022 IRA and directs agencies to take actions towards implementing U.S. climate change priorities to be in line with the Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement includes progress towards achieving greenhouse gas reductions of 50-52 below 2005 levels in 2030, achieving a carbon pollution-free electricity sector by 2035, and achieving net-zero emissions no later than 2050. 
 
 MGE is following the development of recommendations and plans developed by agencies as a result of IRA and executive orders, as well as other executive actions taken by the Biden administration, to determine their applicability to MGE's decarbonization plans and to evaluate any potential impact to our operations. 
 
 15 

State and Regional Action on Climate Change 
 
 In August 2019, Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers signed an executive order to establish the Office of Sustainability and Clean Energy (OSCE). The order tasks the OSCE with, among other things, ensuring that the actions of the State of Wisconsin are aligned with the goals and recommendations of the Paris Agreement, verifying that electricity consumed by the State of Wisconsin is 100 carbon-free by 2050, and developing a comprehensive multi-sector clean energy plan for the state. In April 2022, the OSCE released Wisconsin's Clean Energy Plan. The plan includes a goal to achieve net zero carbon by 2050. MGE is engaged in this process by participating on a Stakeholder Advisory Team in a voluntary capacity. MGE will continue to evaluate this plan for its applicability to MGE's decarbonization plans and to evaluate potential impact to our operations. 
 
 Solid Waste 
 
 Coal Combustion Residuals Rule 
 The CCR rule regulates as a solid waste coal ash from burning coal for the purpose of generating electricity and defines what ash use activities would be considered generally exempt beneficial reuse of coal ash. The CCR rule also regulates landfills, ash ponds, and other surface impoundments used for coal combustion residuals by regulating their design, location, monitoring, and operation. The CCR rule requires owners or operators of coal-fired power plants to stop transporting CCR and non-CCR wastewater to unlined surface impoundments. In addition, regulated entities must initiate impoundment closure as soon as feasible and in no event later than April 2021, unless the EPA grants an extension. A site-specific extension to initiate closure of the primary ash pond at Columbia by March 31, 2023, was requested. The EPA has not formally approved the extension. 
 
 Review of the Elm Road Units has indicated that the costs to comply with this rule are not expected to be significant. See Footnote 16.a. of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion. 
 
 Renewable Energy Standards 
 
 Wisconsin law establishes a minimum amount of energy MGE must supply from renewable sources. MGE currently exceeds the applicable minimum requirement of approximately 8 . The costs to comply with this requirement are being recovered in rates. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The energy industry is ever-changing. MGE Energy and MGE believe it is important to continue to engage our human capital resources as our industry evolves. We are committed to sustainable workforce practices such as career development and training. We offer all employees the opportunity to learn and grow whether the goal is to increase job proficiency, improve decision-making skills, or prepare for new roles and responsibilities. We work to provide our employees with the tools they need to be successful in their careers. This strategy is essential given our aging workforce. 
 
 We value equity, diversity, and inclusion. We promote an inclusive, respectful work environment where individuals and groups can achieve their full potential. All employees have equitable access to employment and development opportunities. Everyone is responsible for helping to meet the objectives of our diversity and inclusion policy as well as supporting the concepts of equal opportunity and affirmative action. We believe that our diversity makes us stronger. 
 
 We power safety. Work safe. Home safe. That is our commitment at MGE, and it is embraced by our employees. Our journey to safety excellence is guided by our Safety Steering Team. The team meets regularly to examine safety topics and to identify and to prioritize continuous improvement opportunities. 
 
 For about two years during the COVID-19 pandemic, about half of MGE employees worked remotely. In April 2022, MGE formally began a hybrid work schedule for remote-enabled employees. 
 
 16 

As of December 31, 2022, MGE had 701 employees, 322 of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements as described below: 

Union 
 
 Number of Employees Represented 
 
 Expiration of Collective Bargaining Agreement 

Local Union 2304 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers 
 
 231 
 
 April 30, 2023 

Local Union No. 39 of the Office and Professional Employees International Union 
 
 86 
 
 May 31, 2023 

Local Union No. 2006, Unit 6 of the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial, and Service Workers International Union 
 
 5 
 
 October 31, 2023 

Financial Information About Segments 
 
 See Footnote 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for financial information relating to MGE Energy's and MGE's business segments. 
 
 Information About our Execut ive Officers 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the executive officers of the registrants were as follows: 

Executive 
 
 Title 
 
 Effective Date 
 
 Service Years as an Officer 

Jeffrey M. Keebler (a) 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 10/01/2018 
 
 11 

Age: 51 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 03/01/2017 

Jared J. Bushek (a) 
 
 Vice President Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 
 09/01/2020 
 
 7 

Age: 42 
 
 Assistant Vice President Chief Information Officer 
 
 07/23/2015 

Lynn K. Hobbie (b) 
 
 Executive Vice President Marketing and Communications 
 
 03/01/2017 
 
 28 

Age: 64 

Tamara J. Johnson (a) 
 
 Vice President Accounting and Controller 
 
 09/01/2020 
 
 7 

Age: 58 
 
 Assistant Vice President Controller 
 
 07/23/2015 

Cari Anne Renlund (a) 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 09/01/2020 
 
 7 

Age: 49 
 
 Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 11/02/2015 

Note: Ages, years of service, and positions as of December 31, 2022. 
 (a) Executive officer of MGE Energy and MGE. 

(b) Executive officer of MGE. 

17 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 
 MGE Energy and our subsidiaries, including MGE, operate in a regulated market environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. The following risk factors may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position and market price for our publicly traded securities. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, additional unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our performance or financial condition in the future. 
 
 Regulatory Risk 
 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation in our business, which affects our costs and responsiveness to changing events and circumstances. 
 
 Our business is subject to regulation at the State and Federal levels. We are subject to regulation as a holding company by the PSCW. The PSCW regulates MGE's rates; terms and conditions of service; various business practices and transactions; financing; the closure of generating facilities and related cost recovery; and transactions between it and its affiliates, including MGE Energy. MGE is also subject to regulation by the FERC, which regulates certain aspects of its business. We are also subject to oversight and monitoring by MISO. Possible changes to MISO's methodology establishing capacity planning reserve margin requirements may impact new generating facilities such as solar and wind and its accredited energy capacity which may require adjustments to the current resource plan and the need to add additional resources to comply with MISO's proposal or procure capacity in the market whereby such costs might not be recovered in rates. The lack of availability of new and existing generating facilities may also impact our current resource plan to be in accordance with MISO's methodology. ATC, in which we have an investment, is subject to regulation by FERC as to, among other things, rates. The regulations adopted by the State and Federal agencies affect how we do business, our ability to undertake specified actions since pre-approval or authorization may be required for projects, the costs of operations, and the rates charged to recover those costs. Our ability to attract capital also depends, in part, upon our ability to recover our costs and obtain a fair return for shareholders. 
 
 Our utility revenues are subject to regulatory proceedings, which can affect our ability to recover, and the timing of recovery of, costs that we incur in our operations. 
 
 Our utility customer rates have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our ability to obtain adjustments to those rates depends upon timely regulatory action under applicable statutes and regulations. Rate regulation is based on providing an opportunity to recover costs that have been reasonably incurred and the ability to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. However, we have no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been reasonably incurred. In addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide a reasonable return on equity. Certain costs and revenues are deferred as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. If recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized as a current period expense and could materially and adversely impact our operations and financial performance in that period. 
 
 We could be subject to higher costs and potential penalties resulting from mandatory reliability standards. 
 
 MGE must adhere in its electric distribution system to mandatory reliability standards established by NERC. These standards cover areas such as critical infrastructure protection, emergency preparedness, facility design, and transmission operations, among others. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on physical and access security of cyber assets, as well as incident response and recovery planning. Compliance with these standards affects operating costs and any noncompliance can result in sanctions, including monetary penalties. 
 
 We are subject to changing environmental laws and regulations that may affect our costs and business plans. 
 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect the manner in which we conduct business, including capital expenditures, operating costs, and potential liabilities. The current presidential administration has and continues to undertake an active effort on climate change-related matters, including restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon. While it is difficult to know the extent of possible legislation or 
 18 

regulatory activity, it is expected there will be an increase in the number and scope of environmental laws and regulations aimed at fossil-fueled generation and the transportation of natural gas. These possible changes, as well as evolving consumer sentiment, have affected and may continue to affect our business plans, make them more costly, or expose us to liabilities for past, present, or future operations. 
 
 Numerous environmental laws and regulations govern many aspects of our present and future operations. These include: air emissions limits and reporting; ambient air quality standards; water quality; water intake and discharges; wetlands; solid and hazardous waste; handling and disposal of hazardous substances; protection of endangered resources, such as threatened and endangered species, protection of cultural resources and archaeological sites; remediation and management of contaminated sites; and control of potential pollution from electric and gas construction sites. These evolving regulations affect us by: 
 
 Introducing uncertainty into our planning and capital expenditures processes, as changes in requirements may affect the timing and choice of compliance methods and require costly revisions to prior plans and commitments. 

Imposing or modifying limits on the operations of our facilities in order to meet restrictions on air emissions, water use or water discharges. 

Requiring capital expenditures and changes in operating procedures and costs as a result of the need to install additional pollution controls or more advanced technology or equipment at new or existing facilities. 

Mandating increasing purchases of renewable energy, which affects the use of existing generation, and energy efficiency initiatives, which affect revenues. 

We may be subject to future laws, regulations, or actions associated with public concern with fossil-fuel generation, greenhouse gases, and the effects of global climate change. 
 
 Our subsidiaries operate or co-own electric power plants that burn fossil fuels, deliver natural gas, and deliver electricity to customers. These business activities are subject to evolving public concern regarding greenhouse gases (GHG), legislative and regulatory action, and possible litigation in response to that public concern. The primary greenhouse gas associated with our subsidiaries' combustion of fossil fuels, and the largest emission in our system overall, is carbon dioxide (CO 2 ). 
 
 Our subsidiaries have incurred and are expected to continue to incur costs from more stringent regulation of GHG from power plants, natural gas delivery, GHG used in power distribution, and efficiencies lost during power distribution. While it is difficult to know the extent of possible legislation or regulatory activity, the federal government is likely to consider and pass some form of greenhouse gas legislation or regulations. In addition, litigation by environmental nongovernment organizations targeting GHG emissions from the electric power industry is also likely if the federal government fails to act on greenhouse gas initiatives. 
 
 Climate change could affect us in several other ways: 
 
 Changes in weather patterns, including swings in intensity, could affect use of electricity and gas by our customers, affecting revenues; and could affect the condition of our facilities, affecting our costs. 

We may also incur costs associated with actions taken due to investor interest in reducing our subsidiaries' reliance on fossil fuel generation, and coal in particular. Investors may also move away from investing in fossil fuel generated electricity for reputational or perceived risk-related reasons, which could raise our costs of attracting capital. 

If we are not seen as being proactive in addressing concerns: 

o we may experience reputational issues among our customers and the communities that we serve. Those issues could affect customers' energy choices, including efforts at self-supply, and could affect the handling and treatment of our rate requests and cost recovery. 

o we may experience difficulty in attracting investors, which could affect the availability and cost of capital and financing. 

These matters represent uncertainties in the operation and management of our business. 
 
 19 

We face risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs. 
 
 MGE has price risk exposure with respect to the price of natural gas, electricity, coal, emission credits, and oil. MGE burns natural gas in several of its peak electric generation facilities. In many cases, the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. In the event of an interruption in energy supply, whether due to equipment problems, transmission constraints, or otherwise, we may incur additional costs to obtain alternative sources of energy supply, in order to meet our contractual or regulatory obligations to our customers. Electric fuel rules require Wisconsin utilities to defer electric fuel-related costs that fall outside a symmetrical cost tolerance band around the amount approved for a utility in its annual fuel proceedings. Any over- or under-recovery of the actual costs is determined in the following year and is then reflected in future billings to electric retail customers. The electric fuel-related costs are subject to an excess revenue test. Excess revenues are defined as revenues in the year in question that provide MGE with a greater return on common equity than authorized by the PSCW in MGE's latest rate order. The recovery of under-collected electric fuel-related costs would be reduced by the amount that exceeds the excess revenue test. These costs are subject to the PSCW's annual review of fuel costs completed in the year following the deferral. MGE assumes the risks and benefits of variances that are within the cost tolerance band. 
 
 Changes in federal income tax policy may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our credit ratings. 
 
 We currently own and operate renewable energy generating facilities. These facilities generate production tax credits and investment tax credits that we use to reduce our federal tax obligations. The amount of tax credits we earn depends on multiple factors, including facility generation, transmission availability, the cost of qualifying property, and the applicable tax credit rate. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law. Among other provisions, the IRA: extends current PTC and ITC for renewable technologies (e.g., wind and solar); restores full value of the PTC and ITC for qualifying facilities placed into service after 2021 that satisfy prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements; creates a PTC for solar, clean hydrogen and nuclear; establishes an ITC for energy storage, microgrids, and interconnection facilities; and allows companies to monetize or sell credits to unrelated parties. Implementation of IRA provisions is subject to the issuance of additional guidance by the U.S. Treasury Department. We continue to monitor new developments in the IRA. 
 
 If corporate tax rates or policies are changed with future federal or state legislation, we may be required to take material charges against earnings. 
 
 There is still uncertainty as to when or how credit rating agencies, capital markets, the FERC, or state public utility commissions will treat impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act or any new tax regulation. These impacts could subject us to credit rating downgrades. In addition, certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted by future rulings. 
 
 We may not be able to use or transfer to a third party all tax credits for which we are eligible. 
 
 We have historically reduced our consolidated federal and state income tax liability with the use of various tax credits under the applicable tax codes. We may not be able to fully use tax credits if our future federal and state taxable income and related income tax liability is insufficient to permit their use or transfer tax credits to a third party. In addition, any future disallowance of some or all of those tax credits as a result of legislation or an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and financial results. 
 
 Operating Risk 
 
 We are affected by weather, which affects customer demand and can affect the operation of our facilities. 
 
 The demand for electricity and gas is affected by weather. Very warm and very cold temperatures, especially for prolonged periods, can dramatically increase the demand for electricity and gas for cooling and heating, respectively, as opposed to the softening effect of more moderate temperatures. Our electric revenues are sensitive to the summer cooling season and, to a lesser extent, the winter heating season. Similarly, very cold temperatures can dramatically increase the demand for gas for heating. A significant portion of our gas system 
 20 

demand is driven by heating. Extreme summer conditions or storms may stress electric systems, resulting in increased maintenance costs and limiting the ability to meet peak customer demand. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by changes in the development, and utilization by our customers, of power generation, storage, and use technologies. 
 
 Our revenues and the timing of the recovery of our costs could be adversely affected by improvements in power generation, storage, and use technology. 
 
 Advancements in power generation technology, including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. Improvements in energy storage technology, including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity requirements. It is possible that legislation or regulations could be adopted supporting the use of these technologies that permit third-party sales from such facilities, and allow these facilities to interconnect to our distribution system. Improvements in the energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, and equipment will also affect energy consumption by customers. Such developments could reduce customer purchases of electricity but may not necessarily reduce our investment and operating requirements due to our obligation to serve customers, including those self-supply customers whose equipment has failed for any reason to provide the power they need whether due to inadequate on-site resources, restricted operating hours, or equipment failure. In addition, since a portion of our costs are recovered through charges based upon the volume of power delivered, a reduction in electricity deliveries will affect the timing of our recovery of those costs and may require changes to our rate structures. 
 
 Changes in power generation, storage, and use technologies could have significant effects on customer behaviors and their energy consumption. Customers could engage in individual conservation efforts by voluntarily reducing their consumption of electricity through changes in energy use and through the use of more energy efficient lighting, appliances, and equipment. They could also change their consumption of electricity through the installation of alternative energy sources, such as rooftop solar panels and micro turbines for self-supply. Customer energy conservation could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our revenues without necessarily changing our operating costs due to our obligation to serve. 
 
 We are affected by local, national, and worldwide economic activity. 
 
 MGE Energy's and MGE's operations are affected by local, national and worldwide economic conditions. The consequences of a prolonged period of reduced economic activity may include lower demand for energy, uncertainty regarding energy prices and the capital and commodity markets, and increased credit risk. A decline in energy consumption may adversely affect our revenues and future growth. Increased credit risk reflects the risk that our retail customers will not pay their bills in a timely manner or at all, which may lead to a reduction in liquidity and an eventual increase in bad debt expense. 
 
 Higher levels of development and business activity within our service area generally increases the number of customers and their use of electricity and gas. Likewise, recessionary economic conditions generally have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our business activities, including those of our subsidiaries, are concentrated in the State of Wisconsin. Changes in our local economy could negatively impact the financial condition of our customers, the growth opportunities available to us and our subsidiaries, and our results from operations. 
 
 More recently, our operations have been impacted by domestic and global supply chain disruptions which are delaying the delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to our business operations and projects under construction, including our renewable energy projects. Supply interruptions could affect our ability to operate and maintain our system and ability to implement our long-term goals. Inflation has also increased prices of equipment, materials, and other resources. Inflationary pressures in the economy could lead to higher expenses which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 21 

The ability to obtain an adequate supply of coal could limit the ability to operate the co-owned coal-fired facilities from which we receive a significant portion of our electric supply. 
 
 The availability of coal and the means to transport coal could: 
 
 Affect our operating costs due to increased costs associated with lower levels of owned generation or the need for alternate coal supply or transportation, 

Limit the ability to generate electricity if the plant operator is unable to arrange timely deliveries of adequate supplies of coal, and 

Result in potentially higher costs for replacement purchased power as well as potential lost market sales opportunities. 

A significant portion of our electric generating capacity is dependent on coal. Demand for coal has been impacted by prevailing prices for natural gas and coal plant closures and may affect mine performance. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk that counterparties to these contracts will not be able to fulfill their obligations. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of our fuel suppliers, has affected, and could affect our ability to generate electricity at our facilities at the desired level. Should counterparties fail to perform, or other unplanned disruptions occur, we may be forced to fulfill the underlying obligation at higher prices. The Columbia plant operator has been, and the plant operators may be, forced to reduce generation at our jointly-held coal units, which would cause us to replace this generation through additional power purchases from third parties. These factors may also affect the terms under which any of the existing coal supply or transportation agreements are renewed or replaced upon the expiration of their current terms. 
 
 Our ability to manage our purchased power costs is influenced by a number of uncontrollable factors. 
 
 We are exposed to additional purchased power costs to the extent that our power needs cannot be fully covered by the supplies available from our existing facilities and contractual arrangements. Those needs, and our costs, could be affected by: 
 
 Increased demand due to, for example, abnormal weather, customer growth, or customer obligations, 

The inability to transmit our owned or contracted power from the generation source to our customers due to transmission line constraints, outages, or equipment failures, 

Reductions in the availability of power from our owned or contracted generation sources due to equipment failures, shortages of fuel or environmental limitations on operations, and 

Failure to perform on the part of any party from which we purchase capacity or energy, whether due to equipment failures or other causes. 

An unexpected change in demand or the availability of generation or transmission facilities can expose us to increased costs of sourcing electricity in the short-term market where pricing may be more volatile. 
 
 The equipment and facilities in our operational system are subject to risks that may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Weather conditions, accidents, and catastrophic events can result in damage or failures of equipment or facilities and disrupt or limit our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase, or distribute electricity and gas. Efforts to repair or replace equipment and facilities may take place over prolonged periods or may be unsuccessful. We may also be unable to make the necessary improvements to our operational system, causing service interruptions. Furthermore, our facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission providers. Damage to or failures of these providers' equipment or facilities is out of our control but could lead to service interruptions. The resulting interruption of services would result in lost revenues and additional costs. We are also exposed to the risk of accidents or other incidents that could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. Such issues could adversely affect revenues or increase costs to repair and maintain our systems. 
 
 22 

We could be adversely affected by production disruptions at our wind and solar generating facilities. 
 
 We own and operate wind and solar generating facilities, which generate production tax credits used to reduce our federal tax obligations. Various operating and economic factors, including transmission constraints, unfavorable trends in pricing for wind or solar energy, adverse weather conditions and the breakdown or failure of equipment, could significantly reduce the production tax credits generated by our wind or solar farms, resulting in increased federal income tax expense. We could also be forced to replace lost generation capacity with additional power purchases from third parties, potentially leading to increased costs. These factors could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, which could be material depending upon the cause of the disruption and its duration. 
 
 Our operations and confidential information are subject to the risk of cyber-attacks. 
 
 Cyber-attacks targeting our electronic control systems used in generation and electric and gas distribution, including denial of service and ransomware attacks, could result in a full or partial disruption of our operations. Any disruption of these control systems could result in a loss of service to customers and loss of revenue, as well as significant expense to repair system damage and remedy security breaches. 
 
 Our business includes the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers, shareholders, and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. In some cases, we outsource certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber-attacks. A significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may cause our business reputation to be adversely impacted and could lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons and subject us to legal claims, fines, or penalties. 
 
 The safeguards we have may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber-attacks. We cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber-attack. If the technology systems were to fail or be breached by a cyber-attack, and not be recovered in a timely fashion, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions and confidential data could be compromised, any additional costs may not be recoverable in rates, or may exceed insurance limits, or may not be covered by insurance and could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance. 
 
 We operate in a highly engineered industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure to manage our finances, to operate our control facilities, to provide electric and gas service to our customers, and to enable compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Our computer-based systems are vulnerable to interruption, the introduction of viruses, malware, ransomware, security breaches, fire, power loss, system malfunction, network outages and other events that may be beyond our control. System interruptions or failures, whether isolated or more widespread, could impact our ability to provide service to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. 
 
 Catastrophic and unpredictable events, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 A terrorist attack, war, natural disaster, pandemic virus or disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic or unpredictable event could adversely affect our future revenues, expenses and operating results by: interrupting our normal business operations; causing employee absences or casualties, including loss of our key employees; interrupting or affecting supplier operations; requiring substantial expenditures and expenses to repair, replace and restore normal business operations; and reducing investor confidence. Facilities for electric generation, transmission, and gas and electric distribution are potential targets of terrorist threats and activities. A terrorist act or catastrophic event at our facilities or the facilities of other companies to which we are interconnected could result in a disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas. Such an event would have additional adverse effects, including environmental ramifications, increased security and insurance costs, as well as general economic volatility or uncertainty within 
 23 

our service territories. The inability to maintain operational continuity and any additional costs incurred for repairing our facilities or making alternative arrangements could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted, and we expect it will continue to impact, our operations, economy, and financial markets. The nature, extent, and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future disease or adverse health condition is highly uncertain and beyond our control. The impacts of the pandemic on our business have included and may continue to include the following: reduced economic activity impacting the use of electricity and gas services; delay in, and possible loss of, payments for utility service; supply chain disruptions and inflation, resulting in increased costs for labor, materials, and services, which could adversely impact our ability to implement our corporate strategy; increase in employee absences impacting our ability to operate and maintain our system; or volatility in the capital markets. Moreover, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may heighten many of the other risks described in this section including interest rate changes, rating agency actions, governmental actions, and market volatility. 
 
 We face risk in connection with the completion of significant capital projects. 
 
 Our capital projects, such as our renewable generation projects, are subject to various completion risks that could cause costs to increase or delays in completion. These risks include shortages of, the inability to obtain, the cost of, and the consistency of, labor, materials and equipment; the inability of the contractors to perform under their contracts; the inability to agree to terms of contracts or disputes in contract terms; work stoppages; adverse weather conditions; the inability to obtain necessary permits in a timely manner; changes in applicable laws or regulations; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions; governmental actions or tariffs; legal action; and unforeseen engineering or technology issues. In the case of our renewable generation projects, we may face delays in the completion of the necessary transmission system connections or upgrades to accommodate the project. 
 
 If a capital project exceeds the approved project costs approved by the PSCW, we may not be able to recover those excess costs through regulated customer rates. If that happens, we may have to finance overruns through cash from operations, which may delay other projects, or by securing additional financing. Any or all of these methods may not be available when or in the amounts needed or may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Inability to recover excess costs, or inability to complete the project in a timely manner, could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, our revenues and cash flows may not increase immediately following our expenditure of funds on a particular project, which could affect our liquidity and financial position. 
 
 Our stated long-term goals are based on various assumptions and beliefs that may not prove to be achievable in the time frame projected. 
 
 Some of our current long-term goals include MGE's targeting of a net zero carbon electricity by 2050 and MGE's Energy 2030 framework, which describes our plan for growth in renewables generation. MGE is working to achieve a more sustainable energy future using cost effective renewable generation technologies. Management established these goals in conjunction with our board of directors based upon a number of different internal and external factors that characterize and influence our current and expected future activities. These long-term goals are based on certain assumptions regarding the timing, scope and relative costs of technological advancements, including generation, storage and energy use technologies; levels of customer participation in programs and partnerships, which will be critical to the achievement of the goals; our ability to transition or displace existing coal-fired resources; our ability to complete renewable generation projects in a timely manner and within approved budgets; our ability to obtain recovery of costs in rates; and our ability to obtain the necessary permits or licenses for such projects. These assumptions may differ materially from actual future results. Accordingly, we may not achieve our stated long-term goals in the timeframe projected or at all. 
 
 24 

We do not own all of the land on which our facilities are located, and interruption in access rights could disrupt our operations. 
 
 We do not own all of the land on which certain of our facilities are located, and we are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain necessary land use. We obtain the rights to construct and operate certain of our related facilities on land owned by third parties for a specific period of time. Our loss of these rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts on acceptable terms or increased costs to renew such rights, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could affect our operations. 
 
 We must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs. Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. Some of the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and time required for replacement employees to develop necessary skills. Failure to identify qualified replacement employees could result in decreased productivity and increased safety costs. If we are unable to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our operations could be negatively affected. We are also subject to multiple collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 322 employees. Future negotiation of these collective bargaining agreements could lead to work stoppages or other disruptions to our operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial Risk 
 
 We are exposed to commodity price risk relating to our purchases of natural gas, electricity, coal, oil, and environmental allowances. 
 
 We face commodity price risk exposure with respect to the purchase of natural gas, electricity, coal, oil, and environmental allowances. We also face risk through our use of derivatives such as futures, forwards, and swaps, to manage our commodity price risk. We could experience increased costs as a result of volatility in the market values of those commodities. We could also experience losses on our derivative contracts as a result of that market value volatility or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. 
 
 Interest rate movements and market performance affects our employee benefit plan costs. 
 
 Prevailing interest rates affect our assessment and determination of discount rates and are a key assumption in the determination of the costs and funding of our defined benefit pension plans. Changes in rates may impact the amount of expense and timing of contributions to those plans. The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy the future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. A decline in the market value of those assets may increase our current and longer-term funding requirements for these obligations. Changes in the value of trust fund assets may affect the level of required contributions to these trusts to meet benefit obligations. Reduced benefit plan assets could result in increased benefit costs in future years and may increase the amount and accelerate the timing of required future funding contributions. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on our variable rate financing. Borrowing levels under commercial paper arrangements vary from period to period depending upon capital investments and other factors. Such interest rate risk means that we are exposed to increased financing costs and associated cash payments as a result of changes in the short-term interest rates. 
 
 We are exposed to counterparty credit risk primarily through our regulated energy business. 
 
 Credit risk is the loss and additional expense that may result from counterparty nonperformance. We face credit risk primarily through MGE's regulated energy business. Failure of contractual counterparties to perform their obligations under purchase power agreements, commodity supply arrangements, or other agreements may result in increased expenses for MGE as a result of being forced to cover the shortfall in the spot or short-term market, 
 25 

where prices may be more volatile. That risk may be increased during periods of weak or stressed economic conditions. 
 
 As a holding company, we are dependent on upstream cash flows from our subsidiaries for the payment of dividends on our common stock. 
 
 As a holding company, we have no operations of our own, and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of our operating subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to us. Our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied before funding us. These obligations include debt service and obligations to trade creditors, among others. Our subsidiaries are also subject to contractual and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets or changes to our credit ratings may affect our ability to finance at a reasonable cost and in accordance with our planned schedule. 
 
 The credit markets have experienced disruption and uncertainty in prior years. To the extent that such issues affect the ability or willingness of credit providers or investors to participate in the credit markets or particular types of investments, or affect their perception of the risk associated with particular types of investments, our cost of borrowing could be affected. Furthermore, if we are unable to access the capital and credit markets on favorable terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and our ability to repay or refinance our debt. We also rely on our credit ratings to access the credit markets. If our credit ratings are downgraded for any reason, borrowing costs would increase, the number of potential investors could decrease, or we could be required to provide additional credit assurance, including cash collateral, to contract counterparties. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses caused by an operating failure or catastrophic events, such as severe weather events or a cyber attack, or it may not be available at a reasonable cost, or available at all. 
 
 We may experience increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for risks that could arise from our ordinary operations. We or our contractors and customers could continue to experience coverage reductions and/or increased insurance costs in future years. No assurance can be given that future losses will not exceed the limits of our insurance coverage. Uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance may not be recoverable in customer rates. A loss that is not fully insured or cannot be recovered in customer rates could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. In addition, we are unable to predict whether we would be allowed to recover in rates the increased costs of insurance or the costs of any uninsured losses. If the amount of insurance is insufficient or otherwise unavailable, or if we are unable to obtain insurance at a reasonable cost or recover in rates the costs of any uninsured losses, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected. 
 
 The stock market can be volatile, and various factors could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 The stock market has experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuations that significantly impact the market prices of securities issued by many companies. Many factors affect the volatility and price of our common stock in addition to our operating results and prospects, including changes in conditions locally and in the broader economy. These conditions include technological change, the level of interest rates and yields on other investments, and the effects of the other risk factors discussed in this report. Our stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to our quarterly or annual results, as well as factors affecting the broader economy that are beyond our control. 
 
 Item 1B. Unre solved Staff Comments. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 None. 
 26 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Electric Generation 
 
 Net summer rated capacity in service as of December 31, 2022, was as follows: 

Plants 
 
 Location 
 
 Commercial Operation Date 
 
 Fuel 
 
 Nameplate Capacity (MW) 
 
 Net Summer Rated Capacity (MW) (a)(b) 
 
 No. of Units 

Steam plants: 

Blount 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 1957 1961 
 
 Natural Gas 
 
 100 
 
 92 

2 

Columbia 
 
 Portage, WI 
 
 1975 1978 
 
 Low-sulfur Coal 
 
 211 
 
 216 
 (c)(d) 
 
 2 

WCCF 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 2005 
 
 Natural Gas/Oil 
 
 157 
 
 130 
 (e) 
 
 2 

Elm Road Units 
 
 Oak Creek, WI 
 
 2010 2011 
 
 Coal 
 
 106 
 
 108 
 (c)(f) 
 
 2 

Combustion Turbines: 

Nine Springs 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 1964 
 
 Natural Gas 
 
 16 
 
 13 

1 

Sycamore 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 1967 1971 
 
 Natural Gas 
 
 38 
 
 30 

2 

Fitchburg 
 
 Fitchburg, WI 
 
 1973 
 
 Natural Gas 
 
 53 
 
 31 

2 

West Marinette 
 
 Marinette, WI 
 
 2000 
 
 Natural Gas/Oil 
 
 90 
 
 70 

1 

Distributed Generators: 

Multiple Locations 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 1998-2021 
 
 ULSFO (i) 
 
 60 
 
 52 

60 

Wind Facilities: 

Lincoln-Red River 
 
 Kewaunee County, WI 
 
 1999 
 
 Wind 
 
 11 
 
 1 

17 

Top of Iowa 
 
 Brookfield, IA 
 
 2008 
 
 Wind 
 
 30 
 
 4 

18 

Forward 
 
 Dodge Fond du Lac Counties, Wi 
 
 2008 
 
 Wind 
 
 18 
 
 2 
 (g) 
 
 86 

Saratoga 
 
 Howard County, IA 
 
 2019 
 
 Wind 
 
 66 
 
 17 

33 

Solar Facilities: 

Morey Field 
 
 Middleton, WI 
 
 2020 
 
 Solar 
 
 6 
 (j) 
 4 

1 

Two Creeks 
 
 Two Creeks, WI 
 
 2020 
 
 Solar 
 
 50 
 
 37 
 (h) 
 
 1 

Dane County 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 2020 
 
 Solar 
 
 10 
 (j) 
 7 

1 

O'Brien 
 
 Fitchburg, WI 
 
 2021 
 
 Solar 
 
 22 
 (j) 
 14 

1 

Badger Hollow I 
 
 Monfort, WI 
 
 2021 
 
 Solar 
 
 50 
 
 36 
 (h) 
 
 1 

Hermsdorf 
 
 Madison, WI 
 
 2022 
 
 Solar 
 
 8 
 
 6 

1 

Total 

1,102 
 
 870 

(a) Net summer rated capacity is determined by annual testing (measured in June, July or August) and may vary from year to year due to, among other things, the operating and physical conditions of the units. 

(b) All facilities shown are owned by MGE unless footnoted otherwise. 

(c) Baseload generation. 

(d) This facility is jointly-owned. Amount shown represents MGE's ownership share. See Columbia below. 

(e) This facility is jointly-owned between MGE and UW-Madison. Per the joint plant agreement, the UW is allocated 17 MW of the net capability of these units during the summer cooling season. The net summer-rated capacity shown reflects this decrease. See WCCF below. 

(f) This facility is jointly-owned. Amount shown represents MGE's ownership share. See Elm Road Units below. 

(g) Facility is jointly owned by WPL, WPSC, and MGE. Power from this facility is shared in proportion to each owner's ownership interest. Commercial operation date of facility was 2008. MGE purchased its ownership interest in 2018. MGE's share is 12.8 . 

(h) These facilities are jointly owned with WPSC. Capacity and energy from this facility is shared in proportion to each owners' ownership interest. The amount shown represents MGE's 33 ownership share. 

(i) ULSFO is ultra low-sulfur fuel oil. 

(j) To improve annual energy production, maximum inverter MW was increased on these sites. 

Columbia 
 MGE and two other utilities jointly own Columbia, a coal-fired generating facility consisting of two units, which, as of December 31, 2022, accounted for 25 of MGE's net summer rated capacity. Power from this facility is shared in proportion to each owner's ownership interest. As of December 31, 2022, MGE had a 19 ownership interest in Columbia. The other owners are WPL, which operates Columbia, and WPSC. MGE and the other co-owners announced plans to retire Columbia. The co-owners intend to retire Unit 1 and 2 by June 2026. Final timing and retirement dates are subject to change depending on operational, regulatory, and other factors. 
 27 

The Columbia units burn low-sulfur sub-bituminous coal obtained from the Powder River Basin coal fields located in Wyoming. The coal inventory supply for the Columbia units was approximately 49 days as of December 31, 2021, and approximately 46 days as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Elm Road Units and WCCF 
 MGE Power Elm Road and two other utilities own undivided interests in the Elm Road Units, consisting of two units, which, as of December 31, 2022, accounted for 12 of MGE's net summer rated capacity. Power from these units is shared in proportion to each owner's ownership interest. MGE Power Elm Road owns an 8.33 ownership interest in the Elm Road Units, and its interest in the Elm Road Units is leased to MGE. The other owners are Wisconsin Energy Corporation, which operates the units, and WPPI Energy, Inc. The Elm Road Units burn bituminous coal obtained from northern West Virginia and southwestern Pennsylvania, and sub-bituminous coal from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming. MGE's share of the coal inventory supply for the Elm Road Units increased from approximately 52 days as of December 31, 2021, to approximately 81 days as of December 31, 2022. MGE Power Elm Road's share of the Elm Road Units is reflected in Property, plant, and equipment, net on MGE Energy's and MGE's consolidated balance sheets. In November 2021, MGE announced plans to end the use of coal as a primary fuel at the Elm Road Units and transition the plant to natural gas. By the end of 2030, MGE expects coal to be used only as a backup fuel at the Elm Road Units. This transition will help MGE meet its 2030 carbon reduction goals. By 2035, MGE expects that the Elm Road Units will be fully transitioned away from coal, which will eliminate coal as an internal generation source for MGE. 
 
 MGE Power West Campus and the UW jointly own undivided interests in a natural gas-fired cogeneration facility on the UW campus. The facility has the capacity to produce 30,000 tons of chilled water, 500,000 pounds per hour of steam, and approximately 150 MW of electricity. The UW owns 45 of the facility, which represents its interest in the chilled-water and steam assets. These assets are used to meet a part of the UW's need for air-conditioning and steam-heat capacity. MGE Power West Campus owns 55 of the facility, which represents its interest in the electric generating assets. These assets are used to provide electricity to MGE's customers. The UW's share of the plant and portion of the earnings from the WCCF are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements of MGE Energy or MGE. MGE Power West Campus's share of the plant is reflected in Property, plant, and equipment, net on MGE Energy's and MGE's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 MGE leases MGE Power Elm Road's ownership interest in the Elm Road Units pursuant to two separate facility leases. MGE leases the electric generating assets owned by MGE Power West Campus and is responsible for operating the entire facility. At the end of the respective lease terms, MGE may, at its option, renew the facility lease for an additional term, purchase the leased ownership interest at fair market value, or allow the lease to end. The financial terms of the facility lease agreements are as follows: 

Facilities 
 
 Assumed Capital Structure 
 
 Assumed Return on Equity 
 
 Lease Expiration 

Elm Road Units 
 
 55 equity and 45 long-term debt 
 
 12.7 
 
 Unit 1: 2040 Unit 2: 2041 

WCCF 
 
 53 equity and 47 long-term debt 
 
 12.1 
 
 2035 

Electric and Gas Distribution Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, MGE owned 841 miles of overhead electric distribution line and 1,316 miles of underground electric distribution cable, all of which are located in Wisconsin. These electric distribution facilities are connected by 50 substations, installed with a capacity of 1,207,750 kVA. MGE's gas facilities include 3,046 miles of distribution mains, which are all owned by MGE. 
 
 A significant portion of MGE's electric and gas distribution facilities are located above or underneath highways, streets, other public places, or property otherwise not owned by MGE. MGE believes that it has satisfactory rights to use those places or property in the form of permits, grants, easements, and licenses; however, it has not necessarily undertaken to examine the underlying title to the land upon which the rights rest. 
 
 28 

Encumbrances 
 
 The principal plants and properties of MGE are subject to the lien of its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of January 1, 1946, as amended and supplemented, under which MGE's first mortgage bonds are issued. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1.2 million of first mortgage bonds outstanding. MGE Power Elm Road has collaterally assigned its right to lease payments from MGE for the Elm Road Units in order to secure the repayment of 46.6 million of senior secured notes issued by MGE Power Elm Road. MGE Power West Campus has collaterally assigned its right to lease payments from MGE for the WCCF in order to secure the repayment of 33.4 million of senior secured notes issued by MGE Power West Campus. See Footnote 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for additional information regarding these first mortgage bonds and the entitlement of certain senior notes issued by MGE to be equally and ratably secured if MGE issues additional first mortgage bonds. 
 Item 3. Lega l Proceedings. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 MGE Energy and its subsidiaries, including MGE, from time to time are involved in various legal proceedings that are handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 See Environmental under Item 1. Business and Footnote 16.a. of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for a description of several environmental proceedings involving MGE. See Footnote 16b . of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report for a description of other legal matters. 
 
 Item 4. Min e Safety Disclosures. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE - Not applicable. 
 29 

PAR T II. 
 Item 5. Ma rket for Registrants' Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market for Common Equity 
 
 MGE Energy 
 MGE Energy common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol MGEE. As of January 31, 2023, there were 39,837 shareholders of record. For additional information regarding dividends and dividend restrictions, see Footnote 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 
 
 MGE 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were 17,347,894 outstanding shares of MGE common stock, all of which were held by MGE Energy. There is no market for shares of common stock of MGE. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The performance graph below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns based on an initial investment of 1,000 in MGE Energy common stock, as compared with the Russell 2000 and the EEI Index for the period 2017 through 2022. The EEI Index reflects the consolidated performance of Edison Electric Institute investor-owned electric utilities. 
 
 Cumulative Five-Year Total Return Comparison 
 (assumes 1,000 invested on 12/31/2017 with dividends reinvested) 

Value of Investment as of December 31, 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

MGEE 

1,000 

971 

1,302 

1,181 

1,417 

1,238 

Russell 2000 

1,000 

890 

1,117 

1,340 

1,539 

1,224 

EEI Index 

1,000 

1,037 

1,304 

1,289 

1,510 

1,527 

Item 6. [ R eserved] 
 30 

Item 7. M anagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 General 
 
 MGE Energy is an investor-owned public utility holding company operating through subsidiaries in five business segments: 
 
 Regulated electric utility operations, conducted through MGE, 

Regulated gas utility operations, conducted through MGE, 

Nonregulated energy operations, conducted through MGE Power and its subsidiaries, 

Transmission investments, representing our equity investment in ATC and ATC Holdco, and 

All other, which includes corporate operations and services. 

Our principal subsidiary is MGE, which generates and distributes electric energy, distributes natural gas, and represents a majority portion of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. MGE generates, purchases, and distributes electricity to approximately 161,000 customers in Dane County, Wisconsin, including the city of Madison, and purchases and distributes natural gas to approximately 173,000 customers in the Wisconsin counties of Columbia, Crawford, Dane, Iowa, Juneau, Monroe, and Vernon. 
 
 Our nonregulated energy operations own interests in electric generating capacity that is leased to MGE. The ownership/leasing structure was adopted under applicable state regulatory guidelines for MGE's participation in these generation facilities, consisting principally of a stable return on the equity investment in the new generation facilities over the term of the related leases. The nonregulated energy operations include an ownership interest in two coal-fired generating units in Oak Creek, Wisconsin and a partial ownership of a cogeneration project on the UW-Madison campus. A third party operates the units in Oak Creek, and MGE operates the cogeneration project. Due to the nature of MGE's participation in these facilities, the results of MGE Energy's nonregulated operations are also consolidated into MGE's consolidated financial position and results of operations under applicable accounting standards. 
 
 We have not included a discussion of results of operations and changes in financial position for the year ended 
 December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. That discussion can be found in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 
 
 Execut ive Overview 
 
 Our primary focus today and for the foreseeable future is our core utility customers at MGE as well as creating long-term value for our shareholders. MGE continues to face the challenge of providing its customers with reliable power at competitive prices. MGE works on meeting this challenge by investing in more efficient generation projects, including renewable energy sources. As we work toward achieving 80 carbon reduction by 2030 (from 2005 levels), MGE continues to examine and pursue opportunities to reduce the proportion that coal generation represents in its generation mix, as evidenced by its most recent announcements of the retirement of Columbia (a coal generation plant), the planned change in the Elm Road Units fuel source from coal to natural gas, and its growing ownership of renewable generation sources. MGE will continue to focus on growing earnings while controlling operating and fuel costs. MGE's goal is to provide safe and efficient operations in addition to providing customer value. We believe it is critical to maintain a strong credit rating consistent with financial strength in MGE in order to accomplish these goals. 
 
 We principally earn revenue and generate cash from operations by providing electric and natural gas utility services, including electric power generation and electric power and gas distribution. The earnings and cash flows from the utility business are sensitive to various external factors, including: 
 
 Weather, and its impact on customer sales, 

Economic conditions, including current business activity and employment and their impact on customer demand, 

Regulation and regulatory issues, and their impact on the timing and recovery of costs, 

31 

Energy commodity prices, including natural gas prices, 

Equity price risk pertaining to pension related assets, 

Credit market conditions, including interest rates and our debt credit rating, 

Environmental laws and regulations, including adopted and pending environmental rule changes, and 

Other factors listed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, MGE Energy's earnings were 111.0 million or 3.07 per share compared to 105.8 million or 2.92 per share for the same period in the prior year. MGE's earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 83.9 million compared to 78.4 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 MGE Energy's net income was derived from our business segments as follows: 

(In millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 

Business Segment: 
 
 2022 

2021 

Electric Utility 

65.2 

63.9 

Gas Utility 

18.2 

15.5 

Nonregulated Energy 

22.1 

21.4 

Transmission Investments 

6.7 

6.9 

All Other 

(1.2) 

(1.9) 

Net Income 

111.0 

105.8 

Our net income during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects the effects of the following factors: 
 
 Electric Utility 
 An increase in electric investments contributed to earnings for 2022. The new customer information system went live in September 2021 and Badger Hollow I was completed in November 2021. 
 
 Gas Utility 
 An increase in gas investments contributed to increased earnings for 2022. Higher gas retail sales resulting from colder weather in 2022 contributed to higher earnings for 2022. Heating degree days (a measure for determining the impact of weather during the heating season) increased by approximately 9 in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 During 2022, the following events occurred: 
 
 2022/2023 Rate Settlement Agreement: In December 2021, the PSCW approved a settlement agreement for MGE's 2022 rate case. The settlement agreement provides for an 8.81 increase to electric rates and a 2.15 increase to gas rates for 2022. As part of that settlement agreement, the PSCW approved a 0.96 increase in 2023 gas rates and a potential 2023 electric rate change to be addressed through a limited rate case reopener. See Other Matters below for additional information on the 2022/2023 rate case settlement. 
 
 Utility Solar: Large solar generation projects were recently completed or are under construction, as shown in the following table. Incurred costs are reflected in Property, plant, and equipment, net for projects placed in service, or Construction work in progress for projects under construction on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Project 
 
 Ownership Interest 
 
 Share of Generation 
 
 Share of Estimated Costs (a) 
 
 Costs Incurred as of December 31, 2022 (a) 
 
 Estimated Date of Commercial Operation 

Red Barn 
 
 10 
 
 9.16 MW 
 
 18 million 
 
 0.4 million (b) 
 
 Early 2023 

Badger Hollow II 
 
 33 
 
 50 MW 
 
 76 million 
 
 52.0 million (b) 
 
 Second half of 2023 (c) 

Paris 
 
 10 
 
 31 MW 
 
 51 million 
 
 23.4 million 
 
 2023 (d) 

(a) Excluding AFUDC. 

(b) MGE received specific approval to recover 100 AFUDC on Badger Hollow II and Paris. After tax, MGE recognized 2.6 million and 0.8 million of AFUDC equity earnings through December 31, 2022, on Badger Hollow II and Paris, respectively, during construction. AFUDC has been excluded from the costs incurred in the table above. 

(c) Includes an allocation of common facilities at Badger Hollow placed in service in November 2021. 

(d) Battery storage timing to be determined. 

32 

Deferred Fuel Costs: MGE under-recovered fuel costs in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, MGE had deferred 8.8 million of 2022 fuel costs. Coal transportation constraints resulted in reduced generation at Columbia, which required MGE to purchase power in the market at higher cost. We may continue to see increased fuel costs in the near term because of these coal transportation constraints. These costs will be subject to the PSCW's annual review of 2022 fuel costs, expected to be completed during 2023. See Footnote 9.b. of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information regarding fuel proceedings. 
 
 During 2023, several items may affect us, including: 
 
 2021 Annual Fuel Proceeding: MGE under-recovered fuel costs in 2021. As of December 31, 2021, MGE had deferred 3.3 million of 2021 fuel costs. In August 2022, the PSCW issued a final decision in the 2021 fuel rules proceedings for MGE to include the recovery of these costs as part of the 2023 electric limited rate case reopener. There was no change to the costs to be recovered in the fuel rules proceedings from the amount MGE deferred in the previous year. 
 
 2023 Electric Limited Rate Case Reopener: In December 2022, the PSCW approved an 9.01 increase to electric rates for 2023. See Other Matters below for additional information on the 2023 electric limited rate case reopener. 
 
 ATC Return on Equity: As discussed in Other Matters below, ATC's authorized ROE, which is used in calculating its rates and revenues, is the subject of a challenge before FERC. A decrease in ATC's ROE could result in lower equity earnings and distributions from ATC in the future. We derived approximately 5.9 and 6.7 of our net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from our investment in ATC. 
 
 Environmental Initiatives: There are proposed legislative rules and initiatives involving matters related to air emissions, water effluent, hazardous materials, and greenhouse gases, all of which affect generation plant capital expenditures and operating costs as well as future operational planning. Legislation and rulemaking addressing climate change and related matters could significantly affect the costs of owning and operating fossil-fueled generating plants. We would expect to seek and receive recovery of any such costs in rates. However, it is difficult to estimate the amount of such costs due to the uncertainty as to the timing and form of any legislation or rules, and the scope and time of the recovery of costs in rates, which may occur after those costs have been incurred and paid. 
 
 Future Generation - 80 carbon reduction target by 2030 (from 2005 levels): MGE has outlined initiatives to achieve our raised target. 
 Transitioning away from coal. Columbia: MGE, along with the other plant co-owners, announced plans to retire Columbia Unit 1 and Unit 2 by June 2026. Final timing and retirement dates for Units 1 and 2 are subject to change depending on operational, regulatory, and other factors. MGE continues to evaluate additional investments to replace the generation from Columbia while maintaining electric service reliability. These investments include cost-effective, clean energy projects to help achieve MGE's carbon reduction goals. 

Elm Road Units: MGE, along with the plant co-owner, announced plans to end the use of coal as a primary fuel at the Elm Road Units and transition the plant to natural gas. Transition plans and costs will be subject to PSCW approval. MGE's remaining use of coal is expected to be further reduced as the Elm Road Units transition to natural gas. By the end of 2030, coal is expected to be used only as a backup fuel at the Elm Road Units. This transition will help MGE meet its 2030 carbon reduction goals. By 2035, MGE expects that the Elm Road Units will be fully transitioned away from coal, which will eliminate coal as an internal generation source for MGE. 
 Growing renewable generation. MGE is seeking to acquire a joint interest in several renewable generation projects. See our 2023-2027 capital expenditures forecast included under Liquidity and Capital Resources below for information on these projects. 

Natural gas as a fuel source. West Riverside: MGE received PSCW approval for its purchase of an ownership interest in West Riverside. See the 2023-2027 capital expenditures forecast included under Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional information on West Riverside. 

33 

Solar Procurement Disruptions Import Regulations: In June 2021, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) issued a Withhold Release Order (WRO) against silica-based products made by Hoshine Silicon Industry Co. Ltd., a company located in China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. As a result of this WRO, CBP is holding many solar panels imported into the United States until importers can prove that the panels do not contain materials originating from this region. The Uyghur Forced Labor Protection Act, a federal law that became effective on June 21, 2022, further established that all goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in Xinjiang or by certain defined entities are prohibited from U.S. importation. MGE is currently assessing the potential impact of these disruptions on current and future solar projects which may result in an increase in costs or delays in construction timelines. In the event that such disruptions cause costs to exceed the levels approved for specific projects, we expect to file a notification with the PSCW and expect to request recovery of any increases in MGE's next rate proceeding. 
 
 Solar Procurement Disruptions Solar Tariff Investigation: In March 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce (USDOC) announced a solar tariff investigation on solar panels from four Southeast Asian countries. This investigation could result in additional tariffs on solar panels. In June 2022, the USDOC issued a 24-month exemption from tariffs for solar panel and module imports from these four countries. MGE is currently assessing the potential impact of these disruptions on current and future solar projects which may result in an increase in costs or delays in construction timelines. In the event that such disruptions cause costs to exceed the levels approved for specific projects, we expect to file a notification with the PSCW and expect to request recovery of any increases in MGE's next rate proceeding. 
 
 The following discussion is based on the business segments as discussed in Footnote 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022, Versus the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Electric sales and revenues 
 
 The following table compares MGE's electric revenues and electric kWh sales by customer class for each of the years indicated: 

Revenues 
 
 Sales (kWh) 

(In thousands, except CDD) 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Residential 

161,300 

151,646 
 
 6.4 
 
 884,476 
 
 896,710 
 
 (1.4) 

Commercial 

232,057 

210,475 
 
 10.3 
 
 1,790,397 
 
 1,779,725 
 
 0.6 

Industrial 

13,303 

12,529 
 
 6.2 
 
 152,734 
 
 162,803 
 
 (6.2) 

Other-retail/municipal 

37,323 

35,169 
 
 6.1 
 
 363,213 
 
 360,292 
 
 0.8 

Total retail 

443,983 

409,819 
 
 8.3 
 
 3,190,820 
 
 3,199,530 
 
 (0.3) 

Sales to the market 

19,385 

9,499 
 
 104.1 
 
 132,079 
 
 211,270 
 
 (37.5) 

Other revenues 

1,799 

968 
 
 85.8 

Total 

465,167 

420,286 
 
 10.7 
 
 3,322,899 
 
 3,410,800 
 
 (2.6) 

Cooling degree days (normal 699) 

787 
 
 846 
 
 (7.0) 

Electric revenue increased 44.9 million during 2022 compared to 2021, due to the following: 

(In millions) 

Rate changes 

38.0 

Sales to the market 

9.9 

Customer fixed and demand charges 

1.2 

Other 

0.8 

Net increase in commercial, industrial and other-retail/municipal volume 

0.3 

Revenue subject to refund, net 

(3.7) 

Decrease in residential volume 

(1.6) 

Total 

44.9 

34 

Rate changes. In December 2021, the PSCW authorized MGE to increase 2022 rates for retail electric customers by approximately 8.81 . Rates charged to retail customers during 2022 were 38.0 million higher than those charged during 2021. See Footnote 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information on rate increase. Any increase in rates associated with fuel or purchase power costs are generally offset in fuel and purchased power costs and do not have a significant impact on net income. 

Sales to the market. Sales to the market typically occur when MGE has more generation and purchases in the MISO market than are needed for its customer demand. The excess electricity is then sold to other utilities or power marketers in the MISO market. During 2022, sales were made at higher market prices and partially offset by decreased market volume compared to 2021, reflecting a decrease in sales. The revenue generated from these sales is included in fuel rules monitored costs. See fuel rules discussion in Footnote 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Customer fixed and demand charges. During 2022, fixed and demand charges increased 1.2 million primarily attributable to the increase in demand charges for commercial customers. 

Revenue subject to refund. For cost recovery mechanisms, any over-collection of revenues resulting from costs authorized to be collected from customers in rates exceeding actual costs is recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period incurred, as the over-collection is expected to be refunded to customers in a subsequent period. In the year the over-collection is refunded, rates are reduced and offset as revenue subject to refund. There is no net income impact in the year the costs are refunded. 

Residential volume. During 2022, residential sales decreased by approximately 1 compared to 2021. This decrease was driven by a shift in usage patterns reflecting a reduction in remote work associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Electric fuel and purchased power 

Year Ended December 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Fuel for electric generation 

61.3 

54.6 

6.7 

Purchased power 

46.8 

39.4 

7.4 

The 6.7 million increase in fuel for electric generation was due to an approximately 25 increase in the average cost offset by an approximately 10 decrease in internal generation. Coal transportation constraints resulted in reduced generation at Columbia, which required MGE to purchase power in the market at higher cost. 
 
 The 7.4 million increase in purchased power was due to an approximately 26 increase in market purchases as a result of lower internal generation. Also, fuel costs deferred as a regulatory asset increased 5.5 million contributing to the change in purchased power. 
 
 Fuel and purchased power costs are generally offset by electric revenue and do not have a significant impact on net income. MGE expects to seek and receive recovery of fuel and purchased power costs outside the fuel rules bandwidth in customer rates. See Footnote 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information on the fuel rules bandwidth. 
 
 35 

Gas deliveries and revenues 
 
 The following table compares MGE's gas revenues and gas therms delivered by customer class during each of the years indicated: 

(In thousands, except HDD and average 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Therms Delivered 

rate per therm of retail customer) 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Residential 

143,544 

110,442 
 
 30.0 
 
 114,162 
 
 100,173 
 
 14.0 

Commercial/Industrial 

99,165 

68,895 
 
 43.9 
 
 106,911 
 
 92,554 
 
 15.5 

Total retail 

242,709 

179,337 
 
 35.3 
 
 221,073 
 
 192,727 
 
 14.7 

Gas transportation 

5,780 

6,185 
 
 (6.5) 
 
 78,966 
 
 76,217 
 
 3.6 

Other revenues 

183 

98 
 
 86.7 

Total 

248,672 

185,620 
 
 34.0 
 
 300,039 
 
 268,944 
 
 11.6 

Heating degree days (normal 6,977) 

7,210 
 
 6,619 
 
 8.9 

Average rate per therm of retail customer 

1.098 

0.931 
 
 17.9 

Gas revenue increased 63.1 million during 2022 compared to 2021, due to the following: 

(In millions) 

Rate changes 

45.3 

Increase in volume 

16.1 

Other 

1.8 

Revenue subject to refund, net 

(0.1) 

Total 

63.1 

Rate changes. In December 2021, the PSCW authorized MGE to increase 2022 rates for retail gas customers by 2.15 . 

MGE recovers the cost of natural gas in its gas segment through the purchased gas adjustment clause (PGA). Under the PGA, MGE is able to pass through to its gas customers the cost of gas. Changes in PGA recoveries affect revenues but do not change net income in view of the pass-through treatment of the costs. Payments for natural gas increased driving higher rates during 2022. The average retail rate per therm for 2022, increased approximately 18 compared to 2021, reflecting an increase in natural gas commodity costs (recovered through the PGA). 
 
 Volume. For 2022 retail gas deliveries increased approximately 15 compared to 2021 primarily related to favorable weather conditions in the current year. 

Other. Other revenues increased primarily related to increase in gas customers in 2022 increasing revenue recorded for fixed customer charge compared to 2021. 

Cost of gas sold 
 
 A 52.9 million increase in cost of gas sold driven by higher cost per therm of gas. Average cost per therm increased approximately 35 . An increase in volume of approximately 13 also contributed to the increase in cost. MGE recovers the cost of natural gas in its gas segment through the PGA as described under gas deliveries and revenue above. 
 
 36 

Consolidated operations and maintenance expenses 
 
 For 2022, operations and maintenance expenses increased 10.5 million, compared to 2021. The following contributed to the net change: 

(In millions) 

Increased administrative and general costs 

5.6 

Increased customer accounts costs 

2.9 

Increased electric production expenses 

0.7 

Increased electric distribution expenses 

0.6 

Increased gas distribution expenses 

0.6 

Increased other expenses 

0.1 

Total 

10.5 

Increased administrative and general costs are primarily related to an increase in pension and OPEB service costs. 

Increased customer accounts are primarily related to increased costs associated with the new customer information system, which went live in September 2021. 

Consolidated depreciation expense 
 
 Electric depreciation expense increased 6.2 million and gas depreciation expense increased 2.4 million for 2022, compared to 2021. MGE placed Badger Hollow I in service in November 2021. The timing of the in-service date contributed to the increase in electric depreciation expense. The new customer information system went live in September 2021, which increased depreciation expense for both electric and gas in 2022. 
 
 Electric and gas other income 
 
 Electric other income increased 2.9 million and gas other income increased 5.6 million during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily related to the collection in 2021 of the deferred pension and other postretirement other than service costs from 2019. 
 
 Nonregulated Energy Operations - MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 The nonregulated energy operations are conducted through MGE Energy's subsidiaries: MGE Power Elm Road (the Elm Road Units) and MGE Power West Campus (WCCF), which have been formed to own and lease electric generating capacity to assist MGE. For 2022 and 2021, net income at the nonregulated energy operations segment was 22.1 million and 21.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Transmission Investment Operations - MGE Energy 
 
 The transmission investment segment holds our interest in ATC and ATC Holdco, and its income reflects our equity in the earnings of those investments. ATC Holdco was formed in December 2016 to pursue transmission development opportunities that typically have long development and investment lead times before becoming operational. ATC Holdco's transmission development activities have been suspended for the near term. During 2022 and 2021, other income at the transmission investment segment primarily reflects ATC's operations and was 9.1 million and 9.3 million, respectively. In August 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the underlying FERC orders regarding methodology for setting authorized return on equity resulting in an additional estimated possible loss. See Footnote 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report and Other Matters below for additional information concerning ATC and summarized financial information regarding ATC. 
 
 Consolidated Income Taxes - MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 In 2022, the effective electric tax rate increased as a result of the return of electric excess deferred taxes related to the 2017 Tax Act not governed by IRS normalization rules in 2021. These costs were recorded as a regulatory 
 37 

liability in the year of remeasurement. See Footnote 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for the effective tax rate reconciliation. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest, Net of Tax - MGE 
 
 Noncontrolling interest, net of tax, reflects the accounting required for MGE Energy's interest in MGE Power Elm Road (the Elm Road Units) and MGE Power West Campus (WCCF). MGE Energy owns 100 of MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus; however, due to the contractual agreements for these projects with MGE, the entities are considered VIEs with respect to MGE and their results are consolidated with those of MGE, the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. The following table shows MGE Energy's noncontrolling interest, net of tax, reflected on MGE's consolidated statement of income: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

MGE Power Elm Road 

14.3 

15.2 

MGE Power West Campus 

7.3 

7.2 

Liquidity and C apital Resources 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE expect to have adequate liquidity to support future operations and capital expenditures over the next twelve months. Available resources include cash and cash equivalents, operating cash flows, liquid assets, borrowing working capacity under revolving credit facilities, and access to equity and debt capital markets. MGE Energy expects to generate funds from operations and both long-term and short-term debt financing. See Credit Facilities below for information regarding MGE Energy's and MGE's credit facilities. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following summarizes cash flows for MGE Energy and MGE during 2022 and 2021: 

MGE Energy 

MGE 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Cash provided by (used for): 

Operating activities 

153,735 

137,527 

151,067 

130,240 

Investing activities 

(180,145) 

(156,975) 

(176,095) 

(154,878) 

Financing activities 

25,543 

(8,756) 

27,730 

26,032 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities for MGE Energy and MGE principally reflect the receipt of customer payments for electric and gas service and outflows related to fuel for electric generation, purchased power, gas, and operation and maintenance expenditures. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 MGE Energy's consolidated net cash provided by operating activities is derived mainly from the electric and gas operations of its principal subsidiary, MGE. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was 153.7 million, an increase of 16.2 million when compared to 2021. 
 
 MGE Energy's net income increased 5.2 million for 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 MGE Energy's net federal and state taxes paid decreased 0.8 million during 2022, when compared to 2021. 
 
 Working capital accounts (excluding prepaid and accrued taxes) resulted in 40.5 million in cash used for operating activities for 2022, primarily due to increased gas inventory driven by the increase cost of gas, increased unbilled 
 38 

revenues, and customer receivables. These increases in cash used for operations were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 
 
 Working capital accounts (excluding prepaid and accrued taxes) resulted in 36.5 million in cash used for operating activities for 2021, primarily due to increased accounts receivable, increased other receivables, increased unbilled revenues, increase in gas inventory, and decrease in other current liabilities. Natural gas costs increased significantly throughout the central part of the country in February 2021 related to extreme weather conditions. In addition to those increased natural gas costs, we incurred higher natural gas costs throughout 2021, as a result of an increase in the price of natural gas. The decrease in other current liabilities is attributable to a 3.2 million one-time fuel credit returned to retail customers in 2021. These increases in cash used for operations were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 
 
 Hosted software asset expenditures during 2022 were 0.5 million. This amount represents a decrease of 2.9 million in cash used when compared to 2021. 
 
 MGE 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities for 2022 was 151.1 million, an increase of 20.8 million when compared to 2021. 
 
 Net income increased 4.7 million for 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 MGE's net federal and state taxes paid decreased 2.4 million during 2022, when compared to 2021. 
 
 Working capital accounts (excluding prepaid and accrued taxes) resulted in 40.0 million in cash used for operating activities for 2022, primarily due to increased gas inventory driven by the increase cost of gas, increased unbilled revenues, and customer receivables. These increases in cash used for operations were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 
 
 Working capital accounts (excluding prepaid and accrued taxes) resulted in 39.0 million in cash used for operating activities for 2021, primarily due to increased accounts receivable, increased other receivables, increased unbilled revenues, increase in gas inventory, and decreased other current liabilities. Natural gas costs increased significantly throughout the central part of the country in February 2021 related to extreme weather conditions. In addition to those increased natural gas costs, we incurred higher natural gas costs throughout 2021, as a result of an increase in the price of natural gas. The decrease in other current liabilities is attributable to a 3.2 million one-time fuel credit returned to retail customers in 2021. These increases in cash used for operations were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 
 
 Hosted software asset expenditures during 2022 were 0.5 million. This amount represents a decrease of 2.9 million in cash used when compared to 2021. 
 
 Capital Requirements and Investing Activities 
 
 Cash outflows for MGE Energy and MGE principally reflect capital expenditures. See Capital Expenditures below for more information. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 MGE Energy's cash used for investing activities increased 23.2 million for 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 Capital expenditures for 2022 were 175.0 million. This amount represents an increase of 21.9 million from the expenditures made in 2021. This increase primarily reflects the increase of expenditures for Badger Hollow II and Paris. 
 
 Capital contributions in ATC and other investments increased 1.2 million for 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of investments decreased 0.8 million during 2022, when compared to 2021. 
 39 

MGE 
 
 MGE's cash used for investing activities increased 21.2 million for 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 Capital expenditures for 2022 were 175.0 million. This amount represents an increase of 21.9 million from the expenditures made in 2021. This increase primarily reflects the increase of expenditures for Badger Hollow II and Paris. 
 
 Capital Expen ditures 
 
 The following table shows MGE Energy's actual capital expenditures for both 2021 and 2022, and forecasted capital expenditures for 2023 through 2027: 

(In thousands) 
 
 Actual 

Forecasted 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Electric 

115,234 

141,273 

174,500 

186,200 

181,800 

185,700 

161,100 

Gas 

34,071 

27,656 

34,300 

30,000 

31,000 

29,400 

30,800 

Utility plant total 

149,305 

168,929 

208,800 

216,200 

212,800 

215,100 

191,900 

Nonregulated 

3,864 

6,101 

6,400 

10,100 

6,100 

4,000 

5,200 

MGE Energy total 

153,169 

175,030 

215,200 

226,300 

218,900 

219,100 

197,100 

Forecasted capital expenditures are based upon management's assumptions with respect to future events, including the timing and amount of expenditures associated with environmental compliance initiatives, legislative and regulatory action, supply chain and market disruptions, customer demand and support for electrification and renewable energy resources, energy conservation programs, load growth, the timing of any required regulatory approvals, and the adequacy of rate recovery. Actual events may differ materially from these assumptions and result in material changes to those forecasted amounts. 
 
 MGE is targeting at least 80 carbon reduction from electric generation by 2030 (from 2005 levels) and net-zero carbon electricity by 2050. Solar, wind, and battery storage projects are a major step toward deep decarbonization and greater use of clean energy sources in pursuit of our goal. MGE continues to evaluate solar, wind, and battery storage projects that align with its goals as legacy fossil fuel-fired facilities are retired. The target early retirement date for Columbia is June 2026. MGE has included forecasted capital expenditures for the years 2023 through 2026 for projects to replace Columbia's generation. 
 
 The following table provides further detail of MGE Energy's forecasted capital expenditures, separating spending into capital project categories for 2023 through 2027: 

(In thousands) 
 
 Forecasted 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 

Electric renewables (a) 
 
 76,300 
 
 88,200 
 
 98,400 
 
 117,200 
 
 85,600 

Electric production 
 
 37,600 
 
 37,100 
 
 18,500 
 
 5,700 
 
 9,300 

Electric distribution 
 
 60,600 
 
 60,900 
 
 64,900 
 
 62,800 
 
 66,200 

Gas distribution 
 
 34,300 
 
 30,000 
 
 31,000 
 
 29,400 
 
 30,800 

Utility plant total 
 
 208,800 
 
 216,200 
 
 212,800 
 
 215,100 
 
 191,900 

Nonregulated 
 
 6,400 
 
 10,100 
 
 6,100 
 
 4,000 
 
 5,200 

MGE Energy total 
 
 215,200 
 
 226,300 
 
 218,900 
 
 219,100 
 
 197,100 

(a) Includes solar and wind generation and battery storage. 

40 

Our forecasted capital expenditures reflect the following significant renewable projects that are proposed or currently under construction: 

Project 
 
 Source 
 
 Ownership Interest 
 
 Share of Generation/Battery Storage 
 
 Share of Costs (c) 
 
 Estimated Date of Commercial Operation 

Red Barn (a) 
 
 Wind 
 
 10 
 
 9.16MW 
 
 18 million (e) 
 
 Early 2023 

Badger Hollow II (a) 
 
 Solar 
 
 33 
 
 50MW 
 
 76 million (d)(e) 
 
 Second Half of 2023 

Paris (a) 
 
 Solar/Battery 
 
 10 
 
 20MW/11MW 
 
 51 million (d)(e) 
 
 2023 (f) 

Darien (a) 
 
 Solar/Battery 
 
 10 
 
 25MW/7.5MW 
 
 45 million (d) 
 
 2024 (f) 

Koshkonong (b) 
 
 Solar/Battery 
 
 10 
 
 30MW/16.5MW 
 
 65 million (d) 
 
 2025 (f) 

(a) Approved by the PSCW. 

(b) Pending approval by the PSCW. There is no certainty that this project will be approved by the PSCW. 

(c) Excluding AFUDC. 

(d) Requested, in the case of projects pending PSCW approval, or received, in the case of Badger Hollow II, Paris, and Darien, approval to recover 100 AFUDC. 

(e) See Footnote 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Report for information on costs incurred. 

(f) Battery storage timing to be determined. 

In 2022, MGE notified the PSCW of increases in projected costs at Badger Hollow II and Paris. The main drivers were increases in the costs of key commodities, labor, and solar modules resulting from supply chain and market disruptions. See Footnote 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for more information on these projects. Furthermore, solar procurement disruptions have also shifted construction timelines for Darien and Koshkonong. Projected completion dates of these projects are one year later than originally anticipated. MGE continues to assess the potential impact of these disruptions on current and future solar projects that may result in an increase in costs or delays in construction timelines. See further information on procurement disruptions discussed earlier under Executive Overview . 
 
 West Riverside: In December 2022, the PSCW approved MGE's request for its purchase of an ownership interest in the West Riverside Energy Center, a highly efficient, state-of-the-art natural gas-fired plant in Beloit, Wisconsin. MGE's share of West Riverside will be 25 MW at a purchase price of approximately 25 million. The acquisition of that ownership interest is expected to occur in March 2023. MGE also has an option to purchase an additional 25 MW of capacity from West Riverside until May 2025. MGE currently expects to file in the first half of 2023 with the PSCW a request for a purchase of the additional 25 MW. 
 
 Electric and Gas Distribution: In 2023 through 2027, electric and gas capital expenditures include investment in enhanced metering solutions to provide customers with more timely and detailed energy use information. Investments in advanced metering infrastructure will provide additional benefits including outage and demand response and automated meter reading capabilities. Forecasted capital expenditures in those years is approximately 36 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 The principal sources and uses of cash are related to short-term and long-term borrowings and repayments and the payment of cash dividends. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 Cash provided by MGE Energy's financing activities was 25.5 million for 2022, compared to 8.8 million of cash used for financing activities in 2021. 
 
 For 2022, cash dividends paid were 57.5 million compared to 54.8 million in 2021. The increase reflected a higher dividend rate per share 1.59 vs. 1.52). 
 
 During 2022, MGE borrowed 25.0 million of senior unsecured notes whose proceeds were used to assist with the payment of additional capital expenditures and other corporate obligations compared to 100.0 million of borrowings in 2021. 
 41 

For 2022, net short-term debt borrowings were 65.0 million, compared to 47.0 million of repayments in 2021. 
 
 MGE 
 
 During 2022, cash provided by MGE's financing activities was 27.7 million, compared to 26.0 million of cash provided by financing activities in 2021. 
 
 Cash dividends to parent (MGE Energy) were 33.5 million in 2022, compared to 5.0 million in 2021. 
 
 Distributions to parent (MGE Energy) from noncontrolling interest, which represent distributions from MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus, were 22.0 million for 2022, compared to 15.0 million in 2021. The noncontrolling interest arises from the accounting required for the entities, which are not owned by MGE but are consolidated as VIEs. 
 
 During 2022, MGE issued 25.0 million of senior unsecured notes whose proceeds were used to assist with the payment of additional capital expenditures and other corporate obligations compared to 100.0 million of borrowings in 2021. 
 
 For 2022, net short-term debt borrowings were 65.0 million compared to 47.0 million of repayments in 2021. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 Dividend payments by MGE to MGE Energy are subject to restrictions arising under a PSCW rate order and, to a lesser degree, MGE's first mortgage bonds. The PSCW order restricts any dividends that MGE may pay MGE Energy if its common equity ratio, calculated in the manner used in the rate proceeding, is less than 55 . MGE's thirteen month rolling average common equity ratio as of December 31, 2022, is 60.5 , as determined under the calculation used in the rate proceeding. This restriction did not restrict MGE's payment of dividends in 2022. Cash dividends of 33.5 million and 5.0 million, respectively, were paid by MGE to MGE Energy in 2022 and 2021. The rate proceeding calculation includes indebtedness imputed amounts for MGE's outstanding purchase power capacity payments and other PSCW adjustments but does not include the indebtedness associated with MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus, which are consolidated into MGE's financial statements but are not direct obligations of MGE. 
 
 MGE has covenanted with the holders of its first mortgage bonds not to declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution on or purchase any shares of its common stock unless, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all such dividends and distributions and all amounts applied to such purchases, after December 31, 1945, shall not exceed the earned surplus (retained earnings) accumulated subsequent to December 31, 1945. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 650.1 million was available for the payment of dividends under this covenant. 
 
 MGE Power West Campus has covenanted with the holders of its outstanding senior secured notes not to declare or make distributions to us in the event that, both before and after giving effect to such distribution, its total debt to total capitalization would exceed 0.65 to 1.00 or its projected debt service coverage ratio for the following four fiscal quarters would be less than 1.25 to 1.00. Projected debt service coverage considers the projected revenues available for debt service, after deducting expenses other than debt service, in relation to projected debt service on indebtedness. 
 
 MGE Power Elm Road has covenanted with the holders of its outstanding senior secured notes not to declare or make distributions to us in the event that, both before and after giving effect to such distribution, its projected debt service coverage ratio for the following four fiscal quarters would be less than 1.25 to 1.00. Projected debt service coverage considers the projected revenues available for debt service, after deducting expenses other than debt service, in relation to projected debt service on indebtedness. 
 
 42 

Cred it Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, MGE Energy and MGE had the following aggregate bank commitments and available capacity under their credit agreements: 

Borrower 
 
 Aggregate Bank Commitments 

Outstanding Commercial Paper 

Letters of Credit Issued Inside Credit Facilities 

Outstanding Borrowings 

Available Capacity 

Expiration Date 

(In millions) 

MGE Energy 

50.0 

50.0 

November 8, 2027 

MGE 

100.0 

70.5 

0.7 

28.8 

November 8, 2027 

In January 2023, MGE amended one of its credit agreements to increase the available credit by an additional 30 million, increasing MGE's aggregate bank commitments to 130 million. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreements may bear interest at a rate based upon either a floating rate or an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, plus an adder based upon the credit ratings assigned to MGE's senior unsecured long-term debt securities. The floating rate is calculated on a daily basis as the highest of a prime rate and several adjusted interest rate indices (as set forth in the Credit Agreements), subject to a floor of one percent per annum or zero, depending on the credit agreement. The floating rate adder ranges from zero to 0.125 . The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate is calculated as provided in the Credit Agreements. The Adjusted Term SOFR Rate adder ranges from 0.625 to 1.125 . 
 
 The credit agreements require the borrower to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated total capitalization not to exceed a maximum of 65 . In the case of MGE, the ratio calculation excludes assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses included in MGE's financial statements as a result of the consolidation of VIEs, such as MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus. As of December 31, 2022, the ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated total capitalization for each of MGE Energy and MGE, as calculated under the credit agreements' covenant, were 39.6 and 42.4 , respectively. See Footnote 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for additional information regarding the credit facilities. 
 
 Capitalization Ratios 
 
 MGE Energy's capitalization ratios were as follows: 

MGE Energy 

2022 

2021 

Common shareholders' equity 

60.4 

62.2 

Long-term debt (a) 

35.7 

37.5 

Short-term debt 

3.9 

0.3 

(a) Includes the current portion of long-term debt. 

Credit Ratings 
 
 MGE Energy's and MGE's access to the capital markets, including, in the case of MGE, the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the credit ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets. 
 
 None of MGE Energy's or MGE's borrowing is subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of credit ratings, although a downgrading of MGE's credit ratings would increase fees and interest charges under both MGE Energy's and MGE's credit agreements. 
 
 43 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments for MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 MGE Energy's and MGE's contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, representing cash obligations that are considered to be firm commitments, are as follows: 

Payment Due Within: 

Due After 

(In thousands) 
 
 Total 

1 Year 

2-3 Years 

4-5 Years 

5 Years 

MGE Energy 

Long-term debt (a) 

643,560 

54,314 

10,431 

56,021 

522,794 

Short-term debt (b) 

70,500 

70,500 

- 

- 

- 

Interest expense (c) 

379,818 

25,988 

49,189 

47,154 

257,487 

Leases (d) 

58,660 

2,154 

3,307 

2,456 

50,743 

Purchase obligations (e) 

284,531 

116,752 

93,775 

35,908 

38,096 

Construction obligations (f) 

47,633 

47,633 

- 

- 

- 

Other obligations (g) 

15,350 

9,754 

1,866 

1,398 

2,332 

Total MGE Energy contractual obligations 

1,500,052 

327,095 

158,568 

142,937 

871,452 

MGE 

Long-term debt (a) 

643,560 

54,314 

10,431 

56,021 

522,794 

Short-term debt (b) 

70,500 

70,500 

Interest expense (c) 

379,818 

25,988 

49,189 

47,154 

257,487 

Leases (d) 

58,660 

2,154 

3,307 

2,456 

50,743 

Purchase obligations (e) 

284,531 

116,752 

93,775 

35,908 

38,096 

Construction obligations (f) 

47,633 

47,633 

Other obligations (g) 

6,483 

887 

1,866 

1,398 

2,332 

Total MGE contractual obligations 

1,491,185 

318,228 

158,568 

142,937 

871,452 

(a) Long-term debt consisting of secured first mortgage bonds, unsecured medium-term notes, and Industrial Development Revenue Bonds issued by MGE, and private placement debt issued by MGE, MGE Power Elm Road, and MGE Power West Campus. In November 2022, MGE entered into a private placement Note Purchase Agreement in which it committed to issue 25 million of new long-term debt (Series A), 15 million of new long-term debt (Series B), carrying an interest rate of 5.43 per annum over its 10-year life, and 35 million of new long-term debt (Series C), carrying an interest rate of 5.53 per annum over its 12-year life. Funding occurred on December 1, 2022, for Series A and will occur on February 28, 2023, for Series B and Series C. The proceeds of the debt financing will be used to assist with capital expenditures and other corporate obligations. 

(b) Short-term debt consisting of commercial paper for MGE. See Footnote 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. 

(c) Amount represents interest expense on long-term debt. See Footnote 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of the long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

(d) Leases. See Footnote 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. 

(e) Purchase obligations consist primarily of the purchase of electricity and natural gas, electric transmission, natural gas storage capacity, natural gas pipeline transportation, and the purchase and transport of coal. See Footnote 16.c. of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. 

(f) Construction obligations consist primarily of Badger Hollow II, Paris, and other renewable projects. In January 2023, MGE entered into an asset purchase agreement for approximately 10 million for a solar generating facility. The project is expected to be in service in 2023. This amount is excluded from the table above. 

(g) Other obligations are primarily related to investment commitments, environmental projects, and uncertain tax positions. 

The above amounts do not include any contributions for MGE's pension and postretirement plans. MGE does not expect to need to make any required contributions to the qualified plans for 2023. The contributions for years after 2023 are not yet currently estimated. Due to uncertainties in the future economic performance of plan assets, discount rates, and other key assumptions, estimated contributions are subject to change. MGE may also elect to make additional discretionary contributions to the plans. 
 
 The above amounts do not include future capital calls by ATC and ATC Holdco. In January 2023, MGE Transco made a 0.4 million contribution to ATC. The amount and timing of future capital calls to these entities is uncertain and primarily dependent on the operations and expansion of ATC and the resumption of development activities by ATC Holdco. 
 
 MGE Energy's and MGE's commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022, representing commitments triggered by future events and including financing arrangements to secure obligations of MGE Energy and MGE, are as follows: 
 44 

Expiration Within: 

Due After 

(In thousands) 
 
 Total 

1 Year 

2-3 Years 

4-5 Years 

5 Years 

MGE Energy 

Lines of credit (a)(c) 

150,000 

150,000 

MGE 

Lines of credit (b)(c) 

100,000 

100,000 

(a) Amount includes the facilities discussed in (b) plus an additional line of credit. MGE Energy has available at any time a 50 million committed revolving credit agreement, expiring in November 2027. As of December 31, 2022, MGE Energy had no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. 

(b) Amount includes two committed revolving credit agreements totaling 100 million expiring in November 2027. These credit facilities are used to support commercial paper issuances. As of December 31, 2022, MGE had 70.5 million of commercial paper outstanding backed by the facilities but no borrowings outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, MGE had 0.7 million of letters of credit issued inside credit facilities. 

(c) In January 2023, MGE amended its credit agreement to increase the line of credit available an additional 30 million. This amount has been excluded from the table above. 

Other M atters 
 
 Rate Matters 
 
 In December 2021, the PSCW approved a settlement agreement for MGE's 2022 rate case. The settlement agreement provides for an 8.81 increase for electric rates and a 2.15 increase to gas rates for 2022. As part of the settlement agreement, the PSCW approved a 0.96 increase in 2023 gas rates and a potential 2023 electric rate change to be addressed through a limited rate case reopener. 
 
 In December 2022, the PSCW approved the electric rate case reopener. The reopener provides for a 9.01 increase to electric rates for 2023. 
 
 Details related to MGE's 2022/2023 approved settlement agreement and 2023 electric limited reopener are shown in the table below: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Authorized Average Rate Base (a) 

Authorized Average CWIP (b) 

Authorized Return on Common Equity (c) 

Common Equity Component of Regulatory Capital Structure 

Effective Date 

Electric (2022 Test Period) 

1,044,362 

19,976 

9.8 

55.63 

1/1/2022 

Gas (2022 Test Period) 

299,319 

11,410 

9.8 

55.63 

1/1/2022 

Electric (2023 Test Period) 

1,162,516 

19,976 

9.8 

55.63 

1/1/2023 

Gas (2023 Test Period) 

312,270 

8,228 

9.8 

55.63 

1/1/2023 

(a) Average rate base amounts reflect MGE's allocated share of rate base and do not include construction work in progress (CWIP) or a cash working capital allowance and were calculated using a forecasted 13-month average for the test periods. The PSCW provides a return on selected CWIP and a cash working capital allowance by adjusting the percentage return on rate base. 

(b) 50 of the forecasted 13-month average CWIP for the test periods which earns an AFUDC return. Projects eligible to earn 100 AFUDC are excluded from this balance and discussed further in the Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview section. 

(c) Authorized returns on common equity may not be indicative of actual returns earned or projections of future returns, as actual returns will be affected by the volume of electricity or gas sold. 

See Footnote 9.a. of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of rate proceedings. 
 
 ATC 
 
 MISO transmission owners, including ATC, are involved in two complaints filed at FERC by several parties challenging that the base ROE in effect for MISO transmission owners, including ATC, was no longer just and reasonable. Each complaint provided for a 15-month statutory refund period: November 12, 2013 through February 11, 2015 (the First Complaint Period and February 12, 2015 through May 11, 2016 (the Second Complaint Period ). 
 45 

In May 2020, FERC issued an order further refining the methodology for setting authorized ROE. This refined methodology increased the authorized ROE from 9.88 to 10.02 . This base ROE is effective for the First Complaint Period and for all periods following September 2016. This order also dismissed the second complaint. Accordingly, no refunds were ordered for the Second Complaint Period. 
 
 As a result of the May 2020 FERC order, our share of ATC's earnings reflected a 0.6 million reduction of our reserve. Additionally, our share of ATC's earnings reflected the derecognition of a possible refund related to the Second Complaint Period as ATC considered such a refund to be no longer probable. However, due to pending requests for rehearing, a loss related to the 2015 complaint remains possible. Our share of the estimated refund for the Second Complaint Period is approximately 2.3 million. MGE has not recorded a possible loss for the Second Complaint Period. 
 
 Several petitions for review of FERC s prior orders were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (the Court and an oral argument was held in November 2021. In August 2022, the Court ruled that four of the five arguments made by the complaining parties were unpersuasive. However, the Court agreed that FERC s decision to reintroduce a risk-premium model into its ROE methodology was arbitrary and capricious. The Court vacated the underlying orders for the First Complaint Period and remanded to FERC for further proceedings. In 2022, our share of ATC's earnings reflected an estimated possible loss of approximately 0.9 million, inclusive of interest and net of tax, for a possible additional refund for the First Complaint Period and for the period following the Second Complaint Period. Although the Court agreed that FERC was correct to use the base ROE established in the first complaint to adjudicate the second, and that FERC was right to dismiss the second complaint, the second complaint was also remanded for FERC to reopen proceedings. Any reduction in ATC's ROE could result in lower equity earnings and distributions from ATC in the future. 
 
 We derived approximately 5.9 , 6.7 , and 8.0 , respectively, of our net income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 from our investment in ATC. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was signed into law. Among other provisions, the IRA: extends current PTC and ITC for renewable technologies (e.g., wind and solar); restores full value of the PTC and ITC for qualifying facilities placed into service after 2021 that satisfy prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements; creates a PTC for solar, clean hydrogen and nuclear; establishes an ITC for energy storage, microgrids, and interconnection facilities; and allows companies to monetize or sell credits to unrelated parties. In addition, the IRA created a new corporate alternative minimum tax (AMT). MGE Energy does not expect to be subject to the AMT in the near term. Implementation of IRA provisions is subject to the issuance of additional guidance by the U.S. Treasury Department. While the final impact cannot be determined at this time, the IRA did not have a material impact on MGE Energy and MGE for the year ending December 31, 2022. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates - MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to regulatory assets and liabilities, unbilled revenues, pension obligations, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Those values may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Regulatory Assets/Liabilities 
 
 Regulatory assets represent costs that have been deferred to future periods when it is probable that the regulator will allow future recovery of those costs through rates. MGE bases its assessment of recovery on precedents 
 46 

established by the regulatory body. Regulatory liabilities represent previous collections from customers that are expected to be refunded to customers in future periods. Regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities typically include deferral of energy costs, the normalization of income taxes, pension and other postretirement costs, the deferral of certain operating expenses, and non-ARO removal costs. The accounting for these regulatory assets and liabilities is in accordance with regulatory accounting standards. 
 
 MGE continually assesses whether the regulatory assets and liabilities meet the criteria for probability of future recovery or deferral. This assessment considers factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, recent rate orders to other regulated entities under the same jurisdiction, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. If future recovery of costs becomes no longer probable, the assets and liabilities would be recognized as current-period revenues or expenses. 
 
 Amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities is provided over the recovery or deferral period as allowed in the related regulatory agreement. 
 
 Unbilled Revenues 
 
 Revenues from the sale of electricity and gas are recorded when they are delivered to customers. Sales quantity is measured by customers' meters. Due to the large volume of those meters, it is impractical to read all of them at month end. Meters are read on a systematic basis throughout the month based on established meter-reading schedules. Consequently, at the end of any month, there exists a quantity of electricity and gas that has been delivered to customers but has not been captured by the meter readings. As a result, management must estimate revenue related to electricity and gas delivered to customers between meter-read dates and the end of the reporting period. These estimates include: 
 
 The amount of electricity expected to be lost in the process of its transmission and distribution to customers (referred to as line loss) and the amount of electricity actually delivered to customers. 

The amount of gas expected to be lost in the process of distribution to customers and the amount of gas actually delivered to customers. 

The mix of sales between customer rate classes having different rates, which is based upon historical utilization assumptions. 

MGE monitors the reasonableness of the unbilled revenue estimate through the review of ratios such as unbilled electric consumption compared to billed electric sales. To confirm the reasonableness of unbilled gas, the estimated unbilled consumption is compared to various other statistics, including percent of gas available for sale, change in unbilled month-to-month and change in unbilled compared to the prior year. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 
 MGE provides employees with certain retirement (pension) and postretirement (health care and life insurance) benefits. In order to measure the expense and obligations associated with these benefits, management must make a variety of estimates, including discount rates used to value certain liabilities, the expected return on plan assets set aside to fund these costs, the rate of compensation increase, employee turnover rates, retirement rates, health care trends, mortality rates, and other factors. These accounting estimates may change due to the uncertainty attached to the estimate as well as the fact that these estimates are difficult to measure. Different estimates used could result in recognizing different amounts of expense over different periods of time. Recovery in rates is expected. 
 
 MGE uses third-party specialists to assist with evaluating its assumptions and measurement of the costs and obligations associated with these retirement benefits. The discount rate and expected return on plan assets are based primarily on available investment yields and the historical performance of plan assets. They are critical accounting estimates because they are subject to management's judgment and can materially affect financial performance. 
 
 Assumed return on assets . This assumption represents the rate of return on plan assets reflecting the average 

47 

rate of earnings expected on the funds invested (or to be invested) to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. For 2022, MGE used an assumed return on assets of 6.75 for pension and 6.40 for other postretirement benefits. In 2023, the pension asset assumption will increase to 7.00 and the postretirement benefit assumption will increase to 6.59 . The annual expected rate of return is based on projected long-term equity and bond returns, maturities and asset allocations. Holding other assumptions constant, for every 1 reduction in the expected rate of return on plan assets, annual pension and other postretirement cost would increase by approximately 5.2 million, before taxes. 

Discount rate . The discount rate represents the rate at which pension obligations could effectively be settled on a present-value basis. MGE uses high-grade bond yields as a benchmark for determining the appropriate discount rate. MGE uses individual spot rates rather than a weighted average of the yield curve spot rates to measure the service cost and interest cost components for net periodic benefit cost. Holding other assumptions constant, a 0.5 decrease in the discount rate on the obligation balance as of December 31, 2022, would increase annual pension and other postretirement cost by approximately 1.9 million, before taxes. 

Medical trend assumptions . The health care cost trend rate is the assumed rate of increase in per-capita health care charges. 

Mortality rate assumption. Expected mortality rates are used in the valuation to determine the expected duration of future benefit payments to the plan participants. MGE utilizes mortality tables and projection scales developed by the society of actuaries. These tables and scales were last updated in 2021. 

See Footnote 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for additional discussion of these plans. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 MGE Energy's and MGE's income tax provisions, including both current and deferred components, are based on estimates, assumptions, calculations, and interpretation of tax statutes for the current and future years. Determination of current-year federal and state income tax will not be settled for years. 
 
 Management regularly makes assessments of tax return outcomes relative to financial statement tax provisions and adjusts the tax provisions in the period when facts become final. 
 
 Additionally, in determining our current income tax provision, we assess temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are recorded in our balance sheets. When we maintain deferred tax assets, we assess the likelihood that these assets will be recovered through adjustments to future taxable income. Future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. A valuation allowance is recorded for those benefits that do not meet this criterion. We record an allowance reducing the asset to a value we believe will be recoverable based on our expectation of future taxable income. We believe the accounting estimate related to the valuation allowance is a critical accounting estimate because it is highly susceptible to change from period to period as it requires management to make assumptions about our future income over the lives of the deferred tax assets, and the impact of increasing or decreasing the valuation allowance is potentially material to our results of operations. 
 48 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE are potentially exposed to market risk associated with interest rates, commodity prices, and equity returns. MGE currently has no exposure to foreign currency risk. MGE manages some risk exposure through risk management policies and the use of derivative instruments. MGE's risk management policy prohibits speculative trading transactions. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 MGE has commodity price risk exposure with respect to the price of natural gas, electricity, coal, emission credits, and oil. MGE's electric operations burn natural gas in several of its peaking power plants and, in many cases, the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. MGE employs established policies and procedures to reduce the market risks associated with changing commodity prices. MGE's commodity risks are substantially mitigated by the current ratemaking process in place for recovering electric fuel cost, purchased energy costs, and the cost of natural gas. 
 
 The recovery of MGE's electric fuel costs is subject to fuel rules established by the PSCW. Fuel rules require Wisconsin utilities to defer electric fuel-related costs that fall outside a symmetrical cost tolerance band. Any over or under recovery of the actual costs is determined in the following year and is then reflected in future billings to electric retail customers. MGE is subject to a plus or minus 1 range in 2022 increasing to 2 in 2023. MGE assumes the risks and benefits of variances that are within the cost tolerance band. For 2023, 95.9 million in fuel and purchased power costs will be recovered in rates and are subject to this rule and included in MGE's fuel monitoring level rates. See Footnote 9.b. of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for additional information on fuel rules. 
 
 MGE recovers the cost of natural gas in its gas utility segment through the purchased gas adjustment clause (PGA). Under the PGA, MGE is able to pass through to its gas customers the cost of gas. If the commodity costs of gas exceed a monthly benchmark amount, the excess amount is subject to a prudence review and approval by the PSCW before it can be passed through to customers. 
 
 MGE also reduces price risk caused by market fluctuations via physical contracts and financial derivative contracts, including futures, swaps, options, forwards, and other contractual commitments. The maximum length of time over which cash flows related to energy commodities can be hedged under applicable PSCW approvals is four years. 
 
 MGE has financial gas and electric commodity contracts to hedge commodity price risk in the gas and electric utility segments. These contracts are primarily comprised of exchange-traded option and future contracts. MGE also holds financial transmission rights (FTRs), which are used to hedge the risk of increased transmission congestion charges. As of December 31, 2022, the cost basis of exchange traded derivatives and FTRs exceeded their fair value by 5.1 million. Under the PGA clause and electric fuel rules, MGE may include the costs and benefits of the aforementioned fuel price risk management tools in the costs of fuel (natural gas or power). Because these costs or benefits are recoverable, the related unrealized loss or gain has been deferred on the consolidated balance sheets as a regulatory asset or liability, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Both MGE Energy and MGE may have short term borrowings at varying interest rates. MGE issues commercial paper for its short-term borrowings, while MGE Energy draws from its current credit facility to meet short-term borrowing needs. Borrowing levels vary from period to period depending upon capital investments and other factors. Future short-term interest expense and payments will reflect both future short-term interest rates and borrowing levels. MGE Energy and MGE manage interest rate risk by limiting their variable rate exposure and continually monitoring the effects of market changes on interest rates. MGE is not exposed to changes in interest rates on a substantial portion of its long-term debt until that debt matures and is refinanced at market rates. Assuming the current level of variable rate borrowings and assuming a 1 change in the 2022 average interest rate under those borrowings, it is estimated that our 2022 interest expense and net income would have changed 0.7 million for both MGE Energy and MGE. 
 
 49 

Equity Price Risk - Pension-Related Assets 
 
 MGE currently funds its liabilities related to employee benefits through trust funds. These funds, which include investments in debt and equity securities, are managed by various third-party investment managers. Changes in the market value of these investments can have an impact on the future expenses related to these liabilities. Holding other assumptions constant, for every 1 reduction in the expected rate of return on plan assets, annual pension and other postretirement cost would increase by approximately 5.2 million, before taxes. MGE's risk of expense and annuity payments, as a result of changes in the market value of the trust funds, is mitigated in part through future rate actions by the PSCW. The value of employee benefit plans trusts' assets have decreased in value by approximately 18 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and increased 15 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit Risk - Counterparty 
 
 Credit risk is the loss that may result from counterparty nonperformance. MGE is exposed to credit risk primarily through its merchant energy business. MGE uses credit policies to manage credit risk, which include an established credit approval process, counterparty limits, credit mitigation measures such as collateral or prepayment arrangements, and using netting agreements. 
 
 Due to the possibility of extreme volatility in the prices of energy commodities and derivatives, the market value of contractual positions with individual counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by those counterparties. If such a counterparty were then to fail to perform its obligations under its contract (for example, fail to deliver the electricity MGE originally contracted for), MGE could sustain a loss that could have a material impact on its financial results. 
 
 Additionally, if a counterparty were to default and MGE were to liquidate all contracts with that entity, MGE's credit loss could include: the loss in value of mark-to-market contracts, the amount owed for settled transactions, and additional payments to settle unrealized losses. As of December 31, 2022, no counterparties had defaulted. 
 
 MGE is obligated to provide service to all electric and gas customers within its franchised territories. MGE's franchised electric territory includes a 264 square-mile area in Dane County, Wisconsin, and MGE's franchised gas territory includes a service area covering 1,684 square miles in Wisconsin. Based on results for the year ended December 31, 2022, no one customer constituted more than 10 of total operating revenues for MGE Energy and MGE. Credit risk for electric and gas is managed by MGE's credit and collection policies, which are consistent with state regulatory requirements. 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and customer accounts receivable are the financial instruments that potentially subject MGE Energy and MGE to concentrations of credit risk. MGE Energy and MGE place their cash and cash equivalents with high credit-quality financial institutions. MGE has limited concentrations of credit risk from customer accounts receivable because of the large number of customers and relatively strong economy in its service territory. 
 50 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID No. ). 
 53 

MGE Energy, Inc. 
 53 

Madison Gas and Electric 
 55 

MGE Energy, Inc. 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 58 

Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 59 

Consolidated Statements of Common Equity. 
 60 

Madison Gas and Electric. 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Common Equity. 
 64 

MGE Energy, Inc., and Madison Gas and Electric Company - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 65 

2. New Accounting Standards. 
 71 

3. Variable Interest Entities. 
 71 

4. Property, Plant, and Equipment. 
 72 

5. Leases. 
 72 

6. Joint Plant Ownership. 
 74 

7. Investments. 
 74 

8. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. 
 77 

9. Rate Matters. 
 79 

10. Income Taxes. 
 80 

11. Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits. 
 83 

12. Share-Based Compensation. 
 88 

13. Notes Payable to Banks, Commercial Paper, and Lines of Credit. 
 90 

14. Long-Term Debt. 
 91 

15. Common Equity. 
 92 

16. Commitments and Contingencies. 
 93 

17. Asset Retirement Obligations. 
 97 

18. Derivative and Hedging Instruments. 
 98 

19. Fair Value of Financial Instruments. 
 101 

20. Revenue. 
 104 

21. Noncontrolling Interest. 
 105 

22. Segment Information. 
 105 

51 

MGE Energy 
 
 Management's Re port on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment under the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of MGE Energy ' s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 MGE 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment under the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 52 

Report of Indepe ndent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2), of MGE Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable 
 53 

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Accounting for Rate Regulation 
 As described in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires the Company to record regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. Regulatory assets represent costs which are deferred due to the probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates while regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits which were deferred because management believes it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates. As disclosed by management, management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets and liabilities meet the criteria for probability of future recovery or deferral. This assessment considers factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, recent rate orders to other regulated entities under the same jurisdiction, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. Regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized in the consolidated statements of income consistent with the recovery or refund included in customer rates. As of December 31, 2022, there was 113.4 million of deferred costs in regulatory assets and 168.9 million of accrued credits within regulatory liabilities. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s accounting for the effects of rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in estimating the probability of future recovery of regulatory assets and refunds of regulatory liabilities; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the recoverability of regulatory assets and the refund of regulatory liabilities. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of the probability of recoverability of regulatory assets and refunds of regulatory liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating (i) management s assessment of correspondence with regulators, (ii) the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets and refund of regulatory liabilities, and (iii) the application of the impacts of changes to new or existing commission orders. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1993. 
 54 

Report of Indepen dent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1), and the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2), of Madison Gas and Electric Company and its subsidiaries (the Company (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Accounting for Rate Regulation 
 As described in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company applies the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain types of regulation, which requires the Company to record regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities. Regulatory assets represent costs which are deferred due to the probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates while regulatory liabilities represent the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits which were deferred because management believes it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates. As disclosed by management, management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets and liabilities meet the criteria for probability of future recovery or deferral. This assessment considers factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, recent rate orders to other regulated entities under the same jurisdiction, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. Regulatory 
 55 

assets and liabilities are amortized in the consolidated statements of income consistent with the recovery or refund included in customer rates. As of December 31, 2022, there was 113.4 million of deferred costs in regulatory assets and 168.9 million of accrued credits within regulatory liabilities. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company s accounting for the effects of rate regulation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in estimating the probability of future recovery of regulatory assets and refunds of regulatory liabilities; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the recoverability of regulatory assets and the refund of regulatory liabilities. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s assessment of the probability of recoverability of regulatory assets and refunds of regulatory liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating (i) management s assessment of correspondence with regulators, (ii) the reasonableness of management s judgments regarding the probability of recovery of regulatory assets and refund of regulatory liabilities, and (iii) the application of the impacts of changes to new or existing commission orders. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1993. 
 56 

MGE Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Revenues: 

Electric revenues 

Gas revenues 

Total Operating Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Fuel for electric generation 

Purchased power 

Cost of gas sold 

Other operations and maintenance 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other general taxes 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income 

Other income, net 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

Net Income 

Earnings Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Dividends per share of common stock 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

MGE Energy, Inc. 
 Consolidated State ments of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Items not affecting cash: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Provision for doubtful receivables 

Employee benefit plan (credit) cost 

() 

() 

() 

Equity earnings in investments 

() 

() 

() 

Other items 

() 

() 

Changes in working capital items: 

Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid taxes 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends from investments 

Cash contributions to pension and other postretirement plans 

() 

() 

() 

Other noncurrent items, net 

() 

() 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Capital contributions to investments 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Cash Used for Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Issuance of common stock, net 

Cash dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Proceeds from (repayments of) short-term debt 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities 

() 

Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Income taxes received 

() 

Significant noncash investing activities: 

Accrued capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

MGE En ergy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 

As of December 31, 

ASSETS 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less reserves of and , respectively 

Other accounts receivable, less reserves of and , respectively 

Unbilled revenues 

Materials and supplies, at average cost 

Fuel for electric generation, at average cost 

Stored natural gas, at average cost 

Prepaid taxes 

Regulatory assets - current 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Other long-term receivables 

Regulatory assets 

Pension and other postretirement benefit asset 

Other deferred assets and other 

Property, Plant, and Equipment: 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Construction work in progress 

Total Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Investments 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND CAPITALIZATION 

Current Liabilities: 

Long-term debt due within one year 

Short-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest and taxes 

Accrued payroll related items 

Regulatory liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other Credits: 

Deferred income taxes 

Investment tax credit - deferred 

Regulatory liabilities 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other deferred liabilities and other 

Total Other Credits 

Capitalization: 

Common shareholders' equity: 

Common Stock - par value - shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Common Shareholders' Equity 

Long-term debt 

Total Capitalization 

Commitments and contingencies (see Footnote 16) 

Total Liabilities and Capitalization 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

MGE En ergy, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Equity 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shares 

Value 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income/(Loss) 

Total 

2020 

Beginning balance - December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Common stock issued, net 

Ending balance - December 31, 2020 

2021 

Net income 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation plans and other 

Ending balance - December 31, 2021 

2022 

Net income 

Common stock dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation plans and other 

Ending balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Revenues: 

Electric revenues 

Gas revenues 

Total Operating Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Fuel for electric generation 

Purchased power 

Cost of gas sold 

Other operations and maintenance 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other general taxes 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income 

Other income, net 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

Net Income 

Less Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Net Income Attributable to MGE 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Madison Gas and E lectric Company 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Items not affecting cash: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Provision for doubtful receivables 

Employee benefit plan (credit) cost 

() 

() 

() 

Other items 

() 

Changes in working capital items: 

Accounts receivable and unbilled revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid taxes 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest and taxes 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash contributions to pension and other postretirement plans 

() 

() 

() 

Other noncurrent items, net 

() 

() 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Used for Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Cash dividends paid to parent by MGE 

() 

() 

Distributions to parent from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Capital contribution from parent 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Proceeds from (repayments of) short-term debt 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Significant noncash investing activities: 

Accrued capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Madison Gas and Elect ric Company 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 

As of December 31, 

ASSETS 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less reserves of and , respectively 

Other accounts receivable, less reserves of and , respectively 

Unbilled revenues 

Materials and supplies, at average cost 

Fuel for electric generation, at average cost 

Stored natural gas, at average cost 

Prepaid taxes 

Regulatory assets - current 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Affiliate receivable long-term 

Regulatory assets 

Pension and other postretirement benefit asset 

Other deferred assets and other 

Property, Plant, and Equipment: 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Construction work in progress 

Total Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Investments 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND CAPITALIZATION 

Current Liabilities: 

Long-term debt due within one year 

Short-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest and taxes 

Accrued payroll related items 

Regulatory liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other Credits: 

Deferred income taxes 

Investment tax credit - deferred 

Regulatory liabilities 

Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other deferred liabilities and other 

Total Other Credits 

Capitalization: 

Common shareholder's equity: 

Common Stock - par value - shares authorized; shares outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Common Shareholder's Equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Equity 

Long-term debt 

Total Capitalization 

Commitments and contingencies (see Footnote 16) 

Total Liabilities and Capitalization 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Madison Gas and Elec tric Company 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Controlling 

Shares 

Value 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income/(Loss) 

Interest 

Total 

2020 

Beginning balance - December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Capital contributions from parent 

Distributions to parent from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Ending balance - December 31, 2020 

2021 

Net income 

Cash dividends paid to parent by MGE 

() 

() 

Distributions to parent from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Ending balance - December 31, 2021 

2022 

Net income 

Cash dividends paid to parent by MGE 

() 

() 

Distributions to parent from noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Ending balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 This report is a combined report of MGE Energy and MGE. The notes to the consolidated financial statements that follow include consolidated MGE Energy footnotes and certain footnotes related to MGE as signified below. 

of North Mendota, a subsidiary created to serve as a development entity for property. MGE Power owns of MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus. MGE Power and its subsidiaries are part of MGE Energy's nonregulated energy operations, which were formed to own and lease electric generation projects to assist MGE. MGE Transco and MGEE Transco are nonregulated entities formed to own the investments in ATC and ATC Holdco, respectively. MGE did not own any subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. MGE Energy and MGE consolidate variable interest entities (VIEs) for which it is the primary beneficiary. Variable interest entities are legal entities that possess any of the following characteristics: equity investors who have an insufficient amount of equity at risk to finance their activities, equity owners who do not have the power to direct the significant activities of the entity (or have voting rights that are disproportionate to their ownership interest), or equity holders who do not receive expected losses or returns significant to the VIE. If MGE Energy or MGE is not the primary beneficiary and an ownership interest is held, the VIE is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. When assessing the determination of the primary beneficiary, all relevant facts and circumstances are considered, including: the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and the obligation to absorb the expected losses and/or the right to receive the expected returns of the VIE. Ongoing reassessments of all VIEs are performed to determine if the primary beneficiary status has changed. MGE has consolidated MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus. Both entities are VIEs. MGE is considered the primary beneficiary of these entities as a result of contractual agreements. See Footnote 3 for more discussion of these entities. The consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain accounting policies described in this note. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 d. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash MGE Energy and MGE. 

Restricted cash 

Receivable - margin account 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

late payment charge is recorded on all receivables unpaid after the due date. The allowance for credit losses associated with these receivables represents MGE's best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses for existing accounts receivable. MGE manages concentration of credit risk through its credit and collection policies, which are consistent with state regulatory requirements. The allowance for credit losses is estimated based on historical write-off experience, regional economic data, review of the accounts receivable aging, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE had a reserve balance of million and million, respectively, against accounts receivable. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE recorded million and million, respectively, in write-offs. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE recorded million and million, respectively, of additional reserves. The current accounting treatment for bad debt expense allows MGE to defer any differential between bad debt expense reflected in rates and actual costs incurred in its next rate case filing. See Footnote 8 for further details of deferred bad debt expense. 
 million and million, respectively. 

Gas 

Nonregulated 

million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Regulatory liabilities current on the consolidated balance sheets. 

construction purposes. In the consolidated income statements, the cost of borrowed funds (AFUDC-debt) is presented as an offset to Interest expense and the return on shareholder's capital (AFUDC-equity funds) is shown as an item within Other income. of applicable average construction work in progress as shown in the following table: 

MGE received specific approval to recover AFUDC on certain costs for Saratoga, Two Creeks, Badger Hollow I and II, Paris, its customer information and billing project, and on certain environmental costs for Columbia. These amounts are recovered under the ratemaking process over the service lives of the related properties. 

AFUDC-equity 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accumulated amortization was million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, MGE recorded , million, million and million, respectively, of amortization expense. MGE implemented a new customer information system which went live in September 2021. Capitalized software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The useful lives range from fou r to fifteen years. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accumulated amortization was million and million, respectively. Capitalized software assets for hosted arrangements and the related accumulated amortization expense are recorded in Other deferred assets and other on the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, MGE recorded million, million, and million, respectively, of amortization expense related to software assets for hosted arrangements. These costs are recognized in Other operations and maintenance expense in the consolidated statements of income and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the hosted contract, which includes renewable option periods. Software assets for hosted arrangements have terms ranging from three to ten years. 
 
 for retail sales and for sales of electricity for resale by the purchaser. The tax rate on sales of natural gas is . The tax is required to be estimated and prepaid in the year prior to its computation and expensing. License fee tax expense, included in Other general taxes, was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Operating income taxes, including tax credits and license fee tax, are included in rates for utility related items. 

Construction work in progress 

Affiliate receivables 

Accrued interest and accrued (prepaid) taxes 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

Long-term debt (a) 

Noncontrolling interest 

(a) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The debt is secured by a collateral assignment of lease payments that MGE makes to MGE Power Elm Road for use of the Elm Road Units pursuant to the related long-term leases. MGE Power West Campus's long-term debt includes debt issuance costs of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The debt is secured by a collateral assignment of lease payments that MGE makes to MGE Power West Campus for use of the cogeneration facility pursuant to the long-term lease. See Footnote 14 for further information on the long-term debt securities. 

MGE is permitted by PSCW order to recover lease payments made to MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus in customer rates. 

71 

Plant anticipated to be retired early (a) 

Gas 

Utility property, plant, and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Utility property, plant, and equipment, net 

Nonregulated: 

Nonregulated 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Nonregulated property, plant, and equipment, net 

Construction work in progress: 

Utility construction work in progress (b) 

Nonregulated construction work in progress 

Total property, plant, and equipment 

(a) impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

 (b) 

MGE's utility plant is subject to the lien of its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust. See Footnote 14 for further discussion of the mortgage indenture and the entitlement of certain unsecured notes to be equally and ratably secured if MGE issues additional first mortgage bonds. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Interest expense, net 

Operating lease expense 

Other operations and maintenance 

Total lease expense 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Other deferred assets and other 

Total lease assets 

Lease liabilities: 

Finance lease liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities - long-term 

Finance lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - long-term 

Other deferred liabilities and other 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance leases - Operating cash flows 

Operating leases - Operating cash flows 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

Operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rates: 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Subtotal 

Less: Present value discount 

() 

() 

Lease liability 

Less: current portion 

() 

() 

Noncurrent lease liability 

Share of generation (MW) 

MW 

MW 

MW 

MW 

MW 

MW 

For the year ended December 31, 

Operating expense - 2022 

(g) 

Operating expense - 2021 

(g) 

Operating expense - 2020 

(g) 

As of December 31, 2022 

Utility plant 

Accumulated depreciation 

Plant anticipated to be retired early, net 

Construction work in progress 

As of December 31, 2021 

Utility plant 

Accumulated depreciation 

Plant anticipated to be retired early, net 

Construction work in progress 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

 (d) 

 (e) 

 (f) 

 (g) million, million, and million, respectively. 

MGE currently has ongoing jointly-owned generation construction projects. Paris Solar-Battery Park is located in the Town of Paris in Kenosha County, Wisconsin. MGE's ownership interest is and its share of generation is MW. Red Barn Wind Farm is located in the Towns of Wingville and Clifton in Grant County, Wisconsin. MGE's ownership interest is and its share of generation is MW. As of December 31, 2022, million and million, respectively, (excluding AFUDC) related to Paris and Red Barn is reflected in Construction work in progress on the consolidated balance sheets. Construction of Paris is expected to be completed in 2023 and Red Barn early 2023. 

Equity method investments: 

ATC and ATC Holdco 

Other 

Total equity method investments 

Other investments 

Total 

Equity securities represent publicly traded securities and private equity investments in common stock of companies in various industries. liquidated investments for MGE. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, certain investments were liquidated for MGE Energy. As a result of these liquidations, the following was received: 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash proceeds 

Gain on sale 

b. ATC and ATC Holdco. 

 ATC owns and operates electric transmission facilities primarily in Wisconsin. MGE received an interest in ATC when it, like other Wisconsin electric utilities, contributed its electric transmission facilities to ATC as required by Wisconsin law. That interest is presently held by MGE Transco, a subsidiary of MGE Energy. ATC Holdco was formed by several members of ATC, including MGE Energy, to pursue electric transmission development and investments outside of Wisconsin. The ownership interest in ATC Holdco is held by MGEE Transco, a subsidiary of MGE Energy. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE Transco held a ownership interest in ATC. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGEE Transco held a ownership interest in ATC Holdco. MGE Transco and MGEE Transco have accounted for their investment in ATC and ATC Holdco, respectively, under the equity method of accounting. 

Dividends received from ATC 

Capital contributions to ATC 

In January 2023, MGE Transco made a million capital contribution to ATC. 
 ATC Holdco was formed in December 2016. ATC Holdco's transmission development activities have been suspended for the near term. In 2020, MGEE Transco recorded capital contributions of million to ATC Holdco. In 2022 and 2021 , MGEE Transco recorded capital contributions to ATC Holdco. ATC's summarized financial data is as follows: 

Operating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Other income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings before members' income taxes 

Balance sheet data as of December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current assets 

Noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Members' equity 

Total members' equity and liabilities 

million, million, and million, respectively, for transmission services received from ATC. MGE also provides a variety of operational, maintenance, and project management work for ATC, which is reimbursed by ATC. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE had a receivable due from ATC of million and million, respectively, related primarily to transmission interconnection at Badger Hollow and Paris solar generation sites. MGE will be reimbursed for these costs after the new generation assets are placed into service. 
 
 76 

Deferred fuel costs 

Deferred bad debt expense 

Debt related costs 

Deferred pension and other postretirement costs 

Derivatives 

Leases 

Tax recovery related to AFUDC equity 

Unfunded pension and other postretirement liability 

Other 

Total Regulatory Assets 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Deferred pension and other postretirement costs 

Elm Road 

Income taxes 

Non-ARO removal costs 

Pension and other postretirement non-service costs 

Purchased gas adjustment 

Other 

Total Regulatory Liabilities 

MGE expects to recover its regulatory assets and return its regulatory liabilities through rates charged to customers based on PSCW decisions made during the ratemaking process or based on PSCW long-standing policies and guidelines. The adjustments to rates for these regulatory assets and liabilities will occur over the periods either specified by the PSCW or over the corresponding period related to the asset or liability. Management believes it is probable that MGE will continue to recover from customers the regulatory assets described above based on prior and current ratemaking treatment for such costs. Asset Retirement Obligation See Footnote 17 for a discussion of asset retirement obligations. Deferred Fuel Costs/Savings The fuel rules require Wisconsin utilities to defer electric fuel-related costs that fall outside a symmetrical cost tolerance band. Any over- or under-recovery of the actual costs is determined on an annual basis and is adjusted in future billings to electric retail customers. See Footnote 9.b. for further discussion. Deferred bad debt expense In March 2020, the PSCW issued an order authorizing deferral of expenditures incurred to ensure the provision of safe, reliable, and affordable access to utility services during the COVID-19 pandemic and late payment charges. Expenditures include items such as bad debt expense. Recovery of expenditures is expected to be addressed in future rate proceedings. While management believes that cost recovery is probable, the timing of collection from customers cannot be estimated at this time. Management will continue to assess the probability of recovery of deferred costs. As part of the 2021 and 2022/2023 settlement agreement, the PSCW approved MGE to defer any differential between bad debt expense reflected in rates and actual costs incurred in its next rate filing. Debt Related Costs This balance includes debt issuance costs of extinguished debt and other debt related expenses, including make-whole premiums paid on redemptions of long-term debt. The PSCW has allowed rate recovery on unamortized issuance costs for extinguished debt facilities. When the facility replacing the old facility is deemed by the PSCW to be more favorable for the ratepayers, the PSCW will allow rate recovery of any unamortized issuance costs related to the old facility. These amounts are recovered over the term of the new facility. Deferred Pension and Other Postretirement Costs The current accounting treatment for Pension and Other Postretirement costs allows MGE to reflect any differential between pension and other postretirement costs reflected in rates and actual costs incurred in its next rate filing. Derivatives MGE has physical and financial contracts that are accounted for as derivatives. The amounts recorded for the net mark-to-market value of the commodity based contracts is offset with a corresponding regulatory asset or liability because these transactions are part of the PGA or fuel rules clause authorized by the PSCW. See Footnote 18 for further discussion. Leases As part of its regular operations, MGE enters into various contracts related to IT equipment, substations, cell towers, land, wind easements, and other property in use for operations. Leases with initial terms in excess of 12 months are recorded as operating or financing leases on the consolidated balance sheets. For ratemaking all leases are treated as operating leases. MGE has regulatory treatment and recognizes regulatory assets or liabilities for timing differences between when net lease costs are recovered and when costs are recognized. See Footnote 5 for further information. Tax Recovery Related to AFUDC Equity AFUDC equity represents the after-tax equity cost associated with utility plant construction and results in a temporary difference between the book and tax basis of such plant. It is probable under PSCW regulation that MGE will recover in future rates the future increase in taxes payable represented by the deferred income tax liability. The amounts will be recovered in rates over the depreciable life of the asset for which AFUDC was applied. Tax recovery related to AFUDC equity represents the revenue requirement related to recovery of these future taxes payable, calculated at current statutory tax rates. Unfunded Pension and Other Postretirement Liability MGE is required to recognize the unfunded or funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement pension plans as a net liability or asset on the balance sheet with an offset to a regulatory asset or liability. The unfunded status represents future expenses that are expected to be recovered in rates. See Footnote 11 for further discussion. Elm Road Costs associated with Elm Road are estimated in MGE's rates and include costs for lease payments, management fees, community impact mitigation, and operating costs. Costs are collected in rates over a one to two-year period. The current accounting treatment for these costs allows MGE to reflect any differential between costs reflected in rates and actual costs incurred in its next rate filing. Income Taxes Excess deferred income taxes result from a decrease in tax rates subsequent to ratemaking settlements. The settlements were reached using tax rates that are higher than the currently applicable rates, and MGE is required to return these tax benefits to customers. The regulatory liability and deferred investment tax credit reflects the revenue requirement associated with the return of these tax benefits to customers. Changes in income taxes are generally passed through in customer rates for the regulated utility. The one-time 2017 impact on timing differences related to income taxes passed through to customer rates of the 2017 Tax Act was recorded as a regulatory liability. The amount and timing of the cash impacts will depend on the period over which certain income tax benefits are provided to customers, which will be subject to review by the PSCW. A portion of the regulatory liability will be returned to customers based on a mandated timeframe dictated by applicable tax laws. Non-ARO Removal Costs In connection with accounting for asset retirement obligations, companies are required to reclassify cumulative collections for non-ARO removal costs as a regulatory liability, with an offsetting entry to accumulated depreciation. Under the current rate structure, these removal costs are being recovered as a component of depreciation expense. Pension and Other Postretirement Non-Service Costs These Pension and Other Postretirement non-service costs represents the non-service components of net periodic benefit cost capitalized in rates. The FASB issued authoritative guidance within the codification's Compensation-Retirement Benefits topic that only allows the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost to be eligible for capitalization within the consolidated balance sheets, all non-service costs are expensed. Under the current rate structure non-service cost is eligible for capitalization. The portion of net periodic benefit costs that are capitalized are being recovered as a component of depreciation expense. The non-service capitalized costs will be recovered in rates over the depreciable life of the asset for which net periodic benefit costs was applied. See Footnote 11 for further discussion. Purchased Gas Adjustment MGE's natural gas rates are subject to a fuel adjustment clause designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of purchased gas and the amount included in rates. Differences between the amounts billed to customers and the actual costs recoverable are deferred and recovered or refunded in future periods by means of prospective monthly adjustments to rates. Transmission Costs The current accounting treatment for transmission costs allows MGE to reflect any differential between transmission costs reflected in rates and actual costs incurred in its next rate filing. 

1/1/2021 

Gas 

1/1/2021 

Approved 2022/2023 settlement (b) 

Electric 

1/1/2022 

Gas 

1/1/2022 

Gas 

1/1/2023 

Approved limited 2023 reopener (c) 

Electric 

1/1/2023 
 
 (a) million return to customers of the portion of excess deferred taxes related to the 2017 Tax Act not restricted by IRS normalization rules. The gas rate increase covered infrastructure costs and technology improvements. The settlement agreement also included escrow accounting treatment for pension and other postretirement benefit costs, bad debt expense, and customer credit card fees. Escrow accounting treatment allows MGE to defer any difference between estimated costs in rates and actual costs incurred until a future rate filing. Any difference would be recorded as a regulatory asset or regulatory liability. 

 (b) 

 (c) 

Sierra Club and Vote Solar have filed petitions with the Dane County Circuit Court seeking review of the PSCW decisions approving MGE's electric and gas 2022/2023 rate settlement and 2023 electric limited reopener. The Dane County Circuit Court affirmed the PSCW s decision to approve the 2022/2023 rate settlement, and Sierra Club and Vote Solar have now appealed that decision to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals. The PSCW is named as the responding party; MGE is not named as a party. The petitions challenge the amount of the customer fixed charge that does not vary with usage. The requested relief is unclear. The revenue requirement approved by the PSCW in the settlement and limited reopener have not been challenged. The PSCW is expected to vigorously defend its approval of the rate case settlement and limited reopener. MGE has intervened in the proceedings to further defend the PSCW's decision. A petition filed challenging the 2021 rate settlement was dismissed by the circuit court in December 2022. b. Fuel Rules. 

 Fuel rules require Wisconsin utilities to defer electric fuel-related costs that fall outside a symmetrical cost tolerance band around the amount approved for a utility in its annual fuel proceedings. Any over- or under-recovery of the actual costs is determined in the following year and is then reflected in future billings to electric retail customers. The fuel rules bandwidth is set at plus or minus in 2022 and increased to in 2023.The electric fuel-related costs are subject to an excess revenues test. Excess revenues are defined as revenues in the year in question that provide MGE with a greater return on common equity than authorized by the PSCW in MGE's latest rate order. The recovery of under-collected electric fuel-related costs would be reduced by the amount that exceeds the excess revenue test. These costs are subject to the PSCW's annual review of fuel costs completed in the year following the deferral. (a) 
 
 January 2021 through December 2021 

2020 deferred fuel savings 
 
 (a) 
 
 October 2021 

2021 deferred fuel costs 
 
 (a) 
 
 January 2023 through December 2023 (b) 

2022 deferred fuel costs 

(c) 
 
 (a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

() 

() 

State 

Net-deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

Amortized investment tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Amortized investment tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Credit for electricity from wind energy 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

AFUDC equity, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of utility excess deferred tax (a) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net, individually insignificant 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

(a) million, million, and million, respectively. Included in the 2021 rate settlement was a one-time return to customers of the electric portion of excess deferred taxes related to the 2017 Tax Act not restricted by IRS normalization rules. For the year ended December 31, 2021, MGE recognized million. Included in the 2022 and 2023 rate settlement was a net collection from customers of the gas portion of deficient deferred taxes related to the 2017 Tax Act not restricted by IRS normalization rules. For the year ended December 31, 2022, MGE recognized million. 

Federal tax credits 

Accrued expenses 

Pension and other postretirement benefits 

Deferred tax regulatory account 

Derivatives 

Leases 

Other 

Gross deferred income tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property-related 

Investment in ATC 

Bond transactions 

Pension and other postretirement benefits 

Derivatives 

Tax deductible prepayments 

Leases 

Other 

Gross deferred income tax liabilities 

Deferred income taxes, net 

State net operating losses 

Valuation allowances for state net operating losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Federal tax credit carryovers begin to expire in 2040 and state net operating loss carryforwards expire in 2023. Federal tax credits represent the deferred tax asset and net operating loss amounts represent the tax loss that is carried forward. The state valuation allowance reduces state carryforward losses to estimated realizable value due to the uncertainty of future income in various state tax jurisdictions. b. Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - MGE Energy and MGE. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions based on tax positions related to the prior years 

Reductions based on tax positions related to the prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits, December 31, 

(In thousands) 

Interest on Unrecognized Tax Benefits: 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits, January 1, 

Reduction in interest expense on uncertain tax positions 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense on uncertain tax positions 

Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits, December 31, 

unrecognized tax benefits relating to permanent differences and tax credits. 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. A measurement date of December 31 is utilized for all pension and postretirement benefit plans. All employees hired after December 31, 2006, have been enrolled in the defined contribution pension plan rather than the defined benefit pension plan previously in place. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participants' contributions 

Actuarial loss (gain) (a) 

() 

() 

() 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Less: federal subsidy on benefits paid (b) 

Benefit obligation as of December 31, 

Change in Plan Assets: 

Fair value of plan assets as of January 1, 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

Plan participants' contributions 

Gross benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded Status as of December 31, 

() 

() 
 
 (a) 

 (b) million. 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 

Current liability 

() 

() 

Long-term liability 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net asset (liability) 

() 

() 

() 

Prior service benefit 

() 

() 

Transition obligation 

Total 

() 

Fair value of plan assets, end of year 

Fair value of plan assets, end of year 

b. Net Periodic Benefit Cost. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of: 

Transition obligation 

Prior service (credit) cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial loss 

Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (a) million, million, and million, respectively, of pension and other postretirement costs. The recovery of these costs reduced the amount previously deferred and has not been reflected in the table above. See Footnote 8 for further information. 

 million and million, respectively, of savings from employee benefit plan costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , MGE refunded in rates million of savings from 2021 employee benefit plan costs. The deferred savings has not been reflected in the table above. See Footnote 8 for additional information. 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are recorded in Other income, net on the consolidated statements of income. The service cost component is recorded in Other operations and maintenance on the consolidated statements of income. MGE has regulatory treatment and recognizes regulatory assets or liabilities for timing differences between when net periodic benefit costs are recovered and when costs are recognized. 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

Assumed health care cost trend rates: 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

MGE uses individual spot rates, instead of a weighted average of the yield curve spot rates, for measuring the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic cost were as follows for the years ended December 31: 

Pension Benefits 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefits 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Discount rate 

Expected rate of return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

MGE employs a building-block approach in determining the expected long-term rate of return for asset classes. Historical markets are studied and long-term historical relationships among asset classes are analyzed, consistent with the widely accepted capital market principle that assets with higher volatility generate a greater return over the long run. Current market factors, such as interest rates and dividend yields, are evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. The expected long-term nominal rate of return for plan assets is primarily a function of expected long-term real rates of return for component asset classes and the plan's target asset allocation in conjunction with an inflation assumption. Peer data and historical returns are reviewed to check for appropriateness. d. Investment Strategy. 

 MGE employs a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equities, fixed income, and real estate investments are used to maximize the expected long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of plan liabilities, plan-funded status, and corporate financial condition. The investment portfolio contains a diversified blend of equity, fixed income, and real estate investments. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through periodic investment portfolio reviews and liability measurements. 

Fixed income securities 

Real estate 

Total 

(a) United States equity and non-United States equity. 

The fair value of plan assets for the postretirement benefit plans is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of this amount, million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were held in the master pension trust and are allocable to postretirement health expenses. The target asset allocation and investment strategy for the portion of assets held in the master pension trust are the same as that explained for MGE's pension plans. The remainder of postretirement benefit assets are held either in an insurance continuance fund for the payment of retiree life benefits or health benefit trusts for payment of retiree health premiums. The asset allocation for the insurance continuance fund is determined by the life insurer. The target asset allocation for the health benefit trusts are established based on a similar investment strategy as assets held in the master pension trust, with consideration for liquidity needs in the health benefit trusts. e. Concentrations of Credit Risk. 

 MGE evaluated its pension and other postretirement benefit plans' asset portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of December 31, 2022. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentrations in a single entity, type of industry, and foreign country. As of December 31, 2022 , there were significant concentrations (defined as greater than percent of plan assets) of risk in MGE pension and postretirement benefit plan assets. f. Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets. 

Equity Securities: 

U.S. Large Cap 

U.S. Mid Cap 

U.S. Small Cap 

International Blend 

Fixed Income Securities: 

Short-Term Fund 

High Yield Bond 

Long Duration Bond 

Real Estate 

Insurance Continuance Fund 

Fixed Rate Fund 

Total 

g. Expected Cash Flows. 

 MGE does t expect to need to make any required contributions to the qualified plans for 2023. The contributions for years after 2023 are not yet currently estimated. MGE has adopted the asset smoothing as permitted in accordance with the Pension Protection Act of 2006, including modifications made by WRERA. Due to uncertainties in the future economic performance of plan assets, discount rates, and other key assumptions, estimated contributions are subject to change. MGE may also elect to make additional discretionary contributions. In 2022, MGE made million in employer contributions to its pension and postretirement plans. h. Benefit Payments. 

() 

2024 

() 

2025 

() 

2026 

() 

2027 

() 

2028 - 2032 

() 

shares of MGE Energy common stock in connection with awards made under the 2021 Incentive Plan. The 2021 Incentive Plan authorizes awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, and dividend equivalents, or any combination of the foregoing for eligible employees and non-employee directors. The 2020 Performance Unit Plan (the 2020 Plan) was adopted in February 2020 for eligible employees. Plan participants may receive awards of performance units, restricted units, or both. Prior to the adoption of the 2020 plan, eligible employees could receive awards of performance units under the 2006 Performance Unit Plan. Under the 2013 Director Incentive Plan, eligible non-employee directors could receive awards of performance units. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, MGE recorded million, million, and million, respectively, related to share-based compensation awards under the 2006 Performance Unit Plan, the 2020 Performance Unit Plan, the 2013 Director Incentive Plan, and the 2021 Incentive Plan in Other operations and maintenance on the consolidated statements of income. 2013 Director Incentive Plan and 2006 Performance Unit Plan - Liability Awards - Under MGE Energy's 2013 Director Incentive Plan and its 2006 Performance Unit Plan, non-employee directors and eligible employees, respectively, could receive performance units that entitled the holder to receive a cash payment equal to the value of a designated number of shares of MGE Energy's common stock, plus dividend equivalent payments thereon, at the end of the performance period set in the award. In accordance with the plans' provisions. These awards are subject to prescribed vesting schedules and must be settled in cash. Accordingly, shares of common stock will be issued in connection with those plans. On the grant date, the cost of the director or employee services received in exchange for a performance unit award is measured based on the current market value of MGE Energy common stock. The fair value of the awards is remeasured quarterly, including as of December 31, 2022, as required by applicable accounting standards. Changes in fair value as well as the original grant are recognized as compensation cost. Since this amount is remeasured throughout the vesting period, the compensation cost is subject to variability. For nonretirement eligible employees under the 2006 Performance Unit Plan, stock-based compensation costs are accrued and recognized using the graded vesting method. Compensation cost for retirement eligible employees or employees that will become retirement eligible during the vesting schedule are recognized on an abridged horizon as retirement eligibility accelerates vesting. Payouts under the 2013 Director Incentive Plan are subject to a three -year vesting schedule. Payouts under the 2006 Performance Unit Plan are subject to a five -year vesting schedule. 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested awards December 31, 

No cash settlements have occurred on the awards shown in the table above as cash payments are only made at the end of the period covered by the awards. In January 2022, cash payments of million were distributed relating to awards that were granted under the plans in 2019, for the 2013 Director Incentive Plan, and in 2017, for the 2006 Performance Unit Plan. Restricted Stock Units - Equity Awards - Payouts of restricted stock units under the 2021 Incentive Plan are based on the expiration of a three-year time-vesting period. Restricted stock units granted are to be paid out in shares of MGE Energy common stock and are accounted for as equity awards. The fair value of each restricted stock unit granted is based on the closing market price of one share of MGE Energy common stock on the grant date of the award. Compensation expense is recorded ratably over the performance period based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. 

N/A 

Granted 

Vested 

Undistributed vested awards (a) 

Nonvested awards December 31, 

(a) 

Restricted Stock Units - Liability Awards - Payouts of restricted stock units granted prior to 2021 are based on the expiration of a three-year time-vesting period and will be paid out in cash and accounted for as a liability award. Compensation expense is recorded ratably over the performance period based on the fair value of the awards at each reporting period. 

Granted 

Vested 

Undistributed vested awards (b) 

Nonvested awards December 31, 

(b) 

Performance Units - Liability Awards - Performance units under the 2020 Plan entitle the holder to receive a cash payment equal to the value of a designated number of shares of MGE Energy's common stock, plus dividend-equivalent payments thereon. Performance units under the 2021 Incentive Plan can be paid out in shares of MGE Energy common stock, cash or a combination of cash and stock. MGE assumes it will make future payouts of its performance units granted in cash; therefore, these performance units are accounted for as liability awards. Compensation expense for these performance units is recorded ratably over the performance period based on the fair value of the awards at each reporting period. The payout is based upon achievement of specified performance goals during a performance period set by the Compensation Committee of MGE Energy's Board of Directors. Awards are subject to vesting provisions providing for 100 vesting at the end of the performance period. Compensation cost for retirement eligible employees or employees that will become retirement eligible during the vesting schedule are recognized on an abridged horizon as retirement eligibility accelerates vesting. The performance units contain market and performance conditions. The market condition is based on total shareowner return relative to an investor-owned utility peer group. The performance condition is based on achievement of targets specified in the award agreement (such as an earnings growth target). The fair value of each performance unit is based on the fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date and the probability of satisfying the market and performance conditions contained in the award agreement during the three -year performance period. The actual payments upon vesting depends upon actual performance and may range from to of the granted number of performance units. 

Granted 

Vested 

Undistributed vested awards (c) 

Nonvested awards December 31, 

Weighted average fair Value of each nonvested award 

Weighted average estimated payout based on performance criteria 

(c) 

Available capacity under line of credit 

Short-term debt outstanding 

Letters of credit issued inside credit facilities 

Required ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated total capitalization - not to exceed a maximum 

(c) 

(c) 

(d) 

(d) 

Weighted-average interest rate 

Year Ended December 31, 

Maximum short-term borrowings 

Average short-term borrowings 

Weighted-average interest rate 

(a) 

 (b) million. As of December 31, 2022, MGE Energy and MGE had borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities and were in compliance with the covenant requirements of the credit agreements. 

 (c) of the outstanding voting equity interest in MGE or (ii) the acquisition of beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding voting stock of MGE Energy by one person or two or more persons acting in concert. 

 (d) of the 

 or more of the outstanding voting stock of MGE Energy by one person or two or more persons acting in concert. 

, 2028 Series 

Tax Exempt Debt: 

, 2023 Series, Industrial Development Revenue Bonds 

Medium-Term Notes: (c) 

, due 2028 

, due 2032 

, due 2037 

Total Medium-Term Notes 

Other Long-Term Debt: (d) 

, due 2023 (e) 

, due 2026 (e) 

, due 2027 (e) 

, due 2029 (e) 

, due 2031 (e) 

, due 2032 (b)(e) 

, due 2033 (f) 

, due 2033 (f) 

, due 2033 (e) 

, due 2040 (e) 

, due 2040 (g) 

, due 2041 (g) 

, due 2042 (e) 

, due 2043 (e) 

, due 2048 (e) 

, due 2052 (e) 

, due 2048 (e) 

, due 2053 (e) 

, due 2058 (e) 

Total Other Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt due within one year 

() 

() 

Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total Long-Term Debt 

(a) million was available for the payment of dividends under this covenant. 

 (b) million of new long-term debt (Series A), million of new long-term debt (Series B), carrying an interest rate of per annum over its 10-year life, and million of new long-term debt (Series C), carrying an interest rate of per annum over its 12-year life. Funding occurred on December 1, 2022, for Series A and will occur on February 28, 2023, for Series B and Series C. The proceeds of the debt financing will be used to assist with capital expenditures and other corporate obligations. 

 (c) 

 (d) 

 (e) or more of the outstanding voting stock of MGE Energy, (ii) MGE must maintain a ratio of its consolidated indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization not to exceed a maximum of , and (iii) MGE cannot issue Priority Debt in an amount exceeding of its consolidated assets. Priority 

 (f) to 1.00, and debt to total capitalization ratio of not more than to 1.00. The notes are secured by a collateral assignment of lease payments that MGE is making to MGE Power West Campus for use of the WCCF pursuant to a long-term lease. As of December 31, 2022 , MGE Power West Campus was in compliance with the covenant requirements. 

 (g) to 1.00 for the trailing 12-month period. The notes are secured by a collateral assignment of lease payments that MGE is making to MGE Power Elm Road for use of the Elm Road Units pursuant to long-term leases. As of December 31, 2022 , MGE Power Elm Road was in compliance with the covenant requirements. 

b. Long-Term Debt Maturities. 

MGE includes long-term debt held by MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus in the consolidated financial statements (see Footnote 3 for further information regarding these VIEs). 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , MGE Energy issued new shares of common stock under the Stock Plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE Energy paid million (or per share) and million (or per share), respectively, in cash dividends on its common stock. Dividend payments by MGE to MGE Energy are subject to restrictions arising under a PSCW rate order and, to a lesser degree, MGE's first mortgage bonds. The PSCW order restricts any dividends, above the PSCW authorized amount that MGE may pay MGE Energy if MGE's common equity ratio, calculated in the manner used in the rate proceeding, is less than . This restriction did not restrict MGE's payment of dividends in 2022. See Footnote 14 for further discussion of the mortgage indenture covenants regarding the payment of dividends. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MGE paid million and million, respectively, in cash dividends to MGE Energy. b. Dilutive Shares Calculation - MGE Energy. 

 As of December 31, 2022, shares were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share related to nonvested equity awards. See Footnote 12 for additional information on shared-based compensation awards. 

92 

million. Construction began in March 2022 and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates. Cooling Water Intake Rules (Section 316(b)) Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act require cooling water intake structures at electric power plants meet best available technology (BTA) standards to reduce mortality from entrainment (drawing aquatic life into a plant's cooling system) and impingement (trapping aquatic life on screens). The EPA finalized its Section 316(b) rule for existing facilities in 2014. Section 316(b) requirements are implemented in Wisconsin through modifications to plants' WPDES permits, which govern plant wastewater discharges. WCCF, Blount, and Columbia are considered existing plants under this rule. WCCF employs a system that meets the Section 316(b) rule. Blount's WPDES permit assumes that the plant meets BTA standards for the duration of the permit, which expires in 2023. Before the next permit renewal, MGE is required to complete an entrainment study and recommend a BTA along with alternative technologies considered. MGE completed the entrainment study in 2021 and submitted the results to the WDNR. The WDNR will make the final BTA determination and include any BTA requirements in Blount's next permit renewal, which is expected to be completed and effective in 2023. Management believes that the BTA determination at Blount will not be material for MGE. Intakes at the Columbia plant are subject to this rule. Columbia's operator received a permit in 2019 requiring studies of intake structures to be submitted to the WDNR by November 2023 to help determine BTA. BTA improvements may not be required given that Columbia is scheduled to retire both units by June 2026. MGE will continue to work with Columbia's operator to evaluate all regulatory requirements applicable to the planned retirements. Management believes that the Section 316(b) rule will not have a material effect on its existing plants and that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects. Air Quality Federal and state air quality regulations impose restrictions on various emissions, including emissions of particulate matter (PM), sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ), nitrogen oxides (NO x ), and other pollutants, and require permits for operation of emission sources. These permits have been obtained by MGE and must be renewed periodically. Current EPA initiatives under the Clean Air Act, including the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) and National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS), have the potential to result in additional operating and capital expenditure costs for MGE. Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reduction Guidelines under the Clean Air Act 111(d) Rule WCCF, the Elm Road Units, Blount, and Columbia could be impacted by GHG reduction guidelines and approval criteria established under the Clean Air Act for the control of GHG emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units (EGUs). The EPA is undertaking a new rulemaking under section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act to establish emission guidelines and limit GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired EGUs. The EPA is also conducting a comprehensive review of the New Source Performance Standards (NSPS) and may set new emission standards for GHG emissions from new, modified, and/or reconstructed fossil fuel-fired power plants. The EPA anticipates issuing a proposed rule in spring 2023 and promulgating a final rule by summer 2024. MGE will continue to evaluate greenhouse gas rule developments, including any new EPA actions towards rule development, and any further court decisions on the EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gases. National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) and Related Rules The EPA's NAAQS regulations have been developed to set ambient levels of six pollutants to protect sensitive human populations (primary NAAQS) and the environment (secondary NAAQS) from the negative effects of exposure to these pollutants at higher levels. The Clean Air Act requires that the EPA periodically review, and adjust as necessary, the NAAQS for these six air pollutants. The EPA's NAAQS review can result in a lowering of the allowed ambient levels of a pollutant, a change in how the pollutant is monitored, and/or a change in which sources of that pollutant are regulated. States implement any necessary monitoring and measurement changes and recommend areas for attainment (meets the ambient requirements) or nonattainment (does not meet these standards). The EPA makes final attainment and nonattainment determinations. States must come up with a State Implementation Plan (SIP) to get nonattainment areas into attainment and maintain air quality in attainment areas. A company with facilities located in a nonattainment area will be most affected. Its facilities in nonattainment areas may be subject to additional data submission and emission measurement requirements during permitting renewals, its facilities may need to meet new emission limitations set by the SIP (which could result in significant capital expenditures), and it may have additional expenses and/or difficulties expanding existing facilities or building new facilities. The process, which starts with determining acceptable primary and/or secondary NAAQS and ends with executing SIPs can take years. Since the NAAQS regulations have the potential to affect both existing and new facilities, MGE continuously monitors changes to these rules to evaluate whether changes could impact its operations. In addition, the EPA has adopted interstate transport rules, such as CSAPR, to address contributions to NAAQS nonattainment from upwind sources in neighboring states. In the following paragraphs we discuss specific NAAQS and transport rule developments that may affect MGE. Ozone NAAQS The Elm Road Units are located in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, a nonattainment area. In October 2022, the EPA reclassified Milwaukee County from marginal to moderate nonattainment under the 2015 ozone NAAQS. The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) must develop a SIP for the area, and this reclassification will result in more stringent SIP requirements for both constructing new development and modifying or expanding existing plants in the area. The deadline for moderate classified areas to meet attainment standards is August 2024. MGE will continue to monitor the WDNR's SIP development and the extent to which the requirements will impact the Elm Road Units. At this time, the operator of the Elm Road Units does not expect that the 2015 Ozone NAAQS will have a material effect on its existing plants based on final designations. Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) NAAQS In January 2023, the EPA published a proposed rule to lower the average annual PM2.5 NAAQS from its current level. The EPA has also solicited comments on whether to lower the annual standard further than the proposed level, and whether or not to also lower the maximum 24-hour limit to be consistent with recommendations from its Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee (CASAC). As the rule is currently proposed, the annual PM2.5 NAAQS and the 24-hour limit recommended by the CASAC is not expected to impact the counties where Columbia and the Elm Road Units are located. However, if the annual PM2.5 NAAQS is lowered further than the EPA's currently proposed value, the county where the Elm Road Units are located may be in nonattainment with the standard. A nonattainment designation would require the State of Wisconsin to develop a plan to get into attainment. However, we will not know the impact of this rule with any certainty until it is finalized, counties' attainment status is determined by the EPA, and the State of Wisconsin develops an attainment implementation plan. MGE will continue to follow the rule's developments. Cross-State Air Pollution Rule The EPA's CSAPR and its progeny are a suite of interstate air pollution transport rules designed to reduce ozone and fine PM2.5 ambient air levels in areas that the EPA has determined as being significantly impacted by pollution from upwind states. This is accomplished in the CSAPR through a reduction in SO 2 and NO x from qualifying fossil-fuel fired power plants in upwind contributing states. NO x and SO 2 contribute to fine particulate pollution and NO x contributes to ozone formation in downwind areas. Reductions are achieved through a cap-and-trade system. Individual plants can meet their caps through reducing emissions and/or buying allowances on the market. In April 2022, the EPA published a proposed Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) to address state obligations under the Clean Air Act good neighbor provisions for the 2015 Ozone NAAQS. This proposed rule impacts 26 states, including Wisconsin, and is designed to both revise the current NO x CSAPR ozone season cap-and-trade obligations for fossil-fuel generated power plants and add NO x limitations for certain industries in specified states. For Wisconsin, the proposed rule includes revisions to the current obligations for fossil-fuel power generation as well as the new limitations for certain industries. If finalized, the proposed rule would be effective beginning with the 2023 ozone season and start with emissions budgets that can be achieved with what the EPA has defined as immediately available measures, including consistently operating emissions controls already installed at power plants. In 2026, additional obligations would go into effect, including potential daily emissions limits and technology upgrades to coal-fired power plants without existing emission controls. Wisconsin would need to submit a SIP to meet its obligations or accept the EPA's proposed FIP. MGE expects the rule, if finalized as written, to impact our fossil-fueled generation assets. However, we will not know the impact of this rule with any certainty until it is finalized. We will continue to monitor rule developments. Clean Air Visibility Rule (CAVR) Columbia is subject to the best available retrofit technology (BART) regulations, a subsection of CAVR, which may require pollution control retrofits. Columbia's existing pollution control upgrades, and the EPA's stance that compliance with the CSAPR equals compliance with BART, should mean that Columbia will not need to do additional work to meet BART requirements. Wisconsin's 2021 SIP argues that Wisconsin will meet its current regional haze goals based on expected emissions reductions, which include Columbia unit retirements. Given that the Wisconsin SIP recognizes the Columbia unit retirements as part of its emission reduction plan, MGE does not anticipate further obligations with this rule at Columbia. MGE will continue to monitor legal developments and any future updates to this rule. Solid Waste Coal Combustion Residuals Rule The CCR rule regulates as a solid waste coal ash from burning coal for the purpose of generating electricity and defines what ash use activities would be considered generally exempt beneficial reuse of coal ash. The CCR rule also regulates landfills, ash ponds, and other surface impoundments used for coal combustion residuals by regulating their design, location, monitoring, and operation. The CCR rule requires owners or operators of coal-fired power plants to stop transporting CCR and non-CCR wastewater to unlined surface impoundments. In addition, regulated entities must initiate impoundment closure as soon as feasible and in no event later than April 2021, unless the EPA grants an extension. A site-specific extension to initiate closure of the primary ash pond at Columbia by March 31, 2023, was requested. The EPA has not formally approved the extension. In July 2021, the PSCW approved a CA application filed by MGE and the other owners of Columbia to install technology required to cease bottom ash transport water discharges rather than extend the longevity of the ash ponds. The coal combustion residuals system that will replace the unlined surface impoundment is undergoing final testing. Construction is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2023. MGE's share of the costs of the project is expected to be approximately million. Review of the Elm Road Units has indicated that the costs to comply with the CCR rule are not expected to be significant. b. Legal Matters - MGE Energy and MGE. 

 MGE is involved in various legal matters that are being defended and handled in the normal course of business. MGE maintains accruals for such costs that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. The accrued amount for these matters is not material to the financial statements. MGE does not expect the resolution of these matters to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Certain environmental groups have filed petitions against the PSCW regarding MGE's rate settlement and electric limited reopener. MGE has intervened in the petitions in cooperation with the PSCW. See Footnote 9.a. for more information regarding this matter. c. Purchase Contracts - MGE Energy and MGE. 

 MGE Energy and MGE have entered into various commodity supply, transportation, and storage contracts to meet their obligations to deliver electricity and natural gas to customers. Management expects to recover these costs in future customer rates. 

Natural gas 

Transportation and storage (b) 

Supply (c) 

Purchase power (d) 

Renewable energy (e) 

Other 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

 (d) 

 (e) 

d. Other Commitments. 

 MGE Energy holds investments in nonpublic venture capital funds. From time to time, these entities require additional capital infusions from their investors. MGE Energy has committed to contribute million in capital for such infusions. The timing of these infusions is dependent on the needs of the investee and is therefore uncertain at this time. In addition, MGE Energy has a three -year agreement with a venture debt fund expiring in December 2025. MGE Energy has committed to invest up to a total of million into this fund. As of December 31, 2022 , MGE Energy has million remaining in commitments. The timing of infusions is dependent on the needs of the fund and is therefore uncertain at this time. 

retirement obligations associated with these facilities cannot be reasonably determined due to the indeterminate life of the related agreements. 

Liabilities incurred (a) 

Accretion expense 

Liabilities settled 

() 

() 

Revisions in estimated cash flows (b) 

Balance as of December 31, 

(a) million and million, respectively, for the fair value of its legal liability for AROs associated with Badger Hollow I and other completed renewable projects. See Footnote 6 for additional information on Badger Hollow I . 

 (b) 

b. Notional Amounts. 

MWh 

MWh 

Commodity derivative contracts 

Dth 

Dth 

FTRs 

MW 

MW 

PPA 

MW 

MW 

c. Financial Statement Presentation. 

 MGE purchases and sells exchange-traded and over-the-counter options, swaps, and future contracts. These arrangements are primarily entered into to help stabilize the price risk associated with gas or power purchases. These transactions are employed by both MGE's gas and electric segments. Additionally, as a result of the firm transmission agreements that MGE holds on electricity transmission paths in the MISO market, MGE holds financial transmission rights (FTRs). An FTR is a financial instrument that entitles the holder to a stream of revenues or charges based on the differences in hourly day-ahead energy prices between two points on the transmission grid. The fair values of these instruments are offset with a corresponding regulatory asset/liability depending on whether they are in a net loss/gain position. Depending on the nature of the instrument, the gain or loss associated with these transactions will be reflected as cost of gas sold, fuel for electric generation, or purchased power expense in the delivery month applicable to the instrument. As of December 31, 2022, the cost basis of exchange traded derivatives and FTRs exceeded their fair value by million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of exchange traded derivatives and FTRs exceeded their cost basis by million. MGE was a party to a purchased power agreement that provided MGE with firm capacity and energy during a base term from June 1, 2012, through May 31, 2022. The agreement was accounted for as a derivative contract and was recognized at its fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. However, the derivative qualified for regulatory deferral and was recognized with a corresponding regulatory asset or liability depending on whether the fair value was in a loss or gain position. The actual cost was recognized in purchased power expense in the month of purchase. 

(In thousands) 
 
 Derivative Assets 

Derivative Liabilities 

Balance Sheet Location 

December 31, 2022 

Commodity derivative contracts (a) 

Other current liabilities 

Commodity derivative contracts (a) 

Other deferred liabilities and other 

FTRs 

Other current assets 

December 31, 2021 

Commodity derivative contracts (b) 

Other current assets 

Commodity derivative contracts (b) 

Other deferred charges 

FTRs 

Other current assets 

PPA 
 
 N/A 

Other current liabilities 
 
 (a) million was posted against and netted with derivative liability positions on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the derivative liability disclosed in this table has not been reduced for the collateral posted. 

 (b) million from counterparties under a master netting agreement for outstanding exchange traded derivative positions. The fair value of the derivative asset disclosed in this table has not been reduced for the collateral received. 

() 

FTRs 

December 31, 2021 

Commodity derivative contracts 

() 

() 

FTRs 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Commodity derivative contracts 

() 

PPA 

Unrealized gain 

() 

() 

Realized gain (loss) reclassified to a deferred account 

() 

() 

Realized gain reclassified to income statement 

Balance as of December 31, 

() 

() 

() 

() 

FTRs 

() 

PPA 

() 

() 

MGE's commodity derivative contracts, FTRs, and PPA are subject to regulatory deferral. These derivatives are marked to fair value and are offset with a corresponding regulatory asset or liability. Realized gains and losses are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in earnings in the delivery month applicable to the instrument. As a result of the treatment described above, there are no unrealized gains or losses that flow through earnings. Certain counterparties extend MGE a credit limit. If MGE exceeds these limits, the counterparties may require collateral to be posted. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , counterparties were in a net liability position. Nonperformance of counterparties to the non-exchange traded derivatives could expose MGE to credit loss. However, MGE enters into transactions only with companies that meet or exceed strict credit guidelines, and it monitors these counterparties on an ongoing basis to mitigate nonperformance risk in its portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 , counterparties had defaulted. 

100 

a. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities Recorded at the Carrying Amount. 

(a) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

b. Recurring Fair Value Measurements. 

Exchange-traded investments 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives, net (b) 

Deferred compensation 

Total Liabilities 

MGE 

Assets: 

Derivatives, net (b) 

Exchange-traded investments 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives, net (b) 

Deferred compensation 

Total Liabilities 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

MGE Energy 

Assets: 

Derivatives, net (c) 

Exchange-traded investments 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives, net (c) 

Deferred compensation 

Total Liabilities 

MGE 

Assets: 

Derivatives, net (c) 

Exchange-traded investments 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives, net (c) 

Deferred compensation 

Total Liabilities 

(b) million was posted against and netted with derivative liability positions on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the derivative liability disclosed in this table has not been reduced for the collateral posted. 

 (c) million from counterparties under a master netting agreement for outstanding exchange traded derivative positions. The fair value of the derivative asset disclosed in this table has not been reduced for the collateral received. 

-week maturity increased by compounded monthly with a minimum annual rate of , compounded monthly. The notional investments are based upon observable market data, however, since the deferred compensation obligations themselves are not exchanged in an active market, they are classified as Level 2. Derivatives include exchange-traded derivative contracts, over-the-counter transactions, a purchased power agreement, and FTRs. Most exchange-traded derivative contracts are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are therefore classified as Level 1. A small number of exchange-traded derivative contracts are valued using quoted market pricing in markets with insufficient volumes and are therefore considered unobservable and classified as Level 3. Transactions done with an over-the-counter party are on inactive markets and are therefore classified as Level 3. These transactions are valued based on quoted prices from markets with similar exchange-traded transactions. FTRs are priced based upon monthly auction results for identical or similar instruments in a closed market with limited data available and are therefore classified as Level 3. The purchased power agreement, with a term ended May 2022, (see Footnote 18 was valued using an internal pricing model and therefore was classified as Level 3. The model projected future market energy prices and compared those prices to the projected power costs to be incurred under the contract. Inputs to the model required significant management judgment and estimation. Future energy prices were based on a forward power pricing curve using exchange-traded contracts in the electric futures market. A basis adjustment was applied to the market energy price to reflect the price differential between the market price delivery point and the counterparty delivery point. The historical relationship between the delivery points was reviewed and a discount (below 100 or premium (above 100 was derived. This comparison was done for both peak times when demand was high and off peak times when demand was low. If the basis adjustment was lowered, the fair value measurement would decrease, and if the basis adjustment was increased, the fair value measurement would increase. The projected power costs anticipated to be incurred under the purchased power agreement were determined using many factors, including historical generating costs, future prices, and expected fuel mix of the counterparty. An increase in the projected fuel costs resulted in a decrease in the fair value measurement of the purchased power agreement. A significant input that MGE estimated was the counterparty's fuel mix in determining the projected power cost. MGE also considered the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This consideration included assumptions about market risk such as liquidity, volatility, and contract duration. The fair value model used a discount rate that incorporated discounting, credit, and model risks. 

Off peak 

Counterparty fuel mix: 

Internal generation - range 
 
 - 

Internal generation - weighted average 

Purchased power - range 
 
 - 

Purchased power - weighted average 

() 

() 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Included in regulatory assets 

() 

Included in regulatory liability 

Included in other comprehensive income 

Included in earnings 

() 

Included in current assets 

() 

Purchases 

Sales 

Issuances 

Settlements 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 

() 

() 

Total gains (losses) included in earnings attributed to the change in unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held as of December 31, (d) 

() 

Cost of gas sold expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 
 
 (d) 

103 

Commercial 

Industrial 

Other-retail/municipal 

Total retail 

Sales to the market 

Other revenues 

Total electric revenues 

Gas revenues 

Residential 

Commercial/Industrial 

Total retail 

Gas transportation 

Other revenues 

Total gas revenues 

Non-regulated energy revenues 

Total Operating Revenue 

these sales are spot market transactions on the markets operated by MISO. Each transaction is considered a performance obligation and revenue is recognized in the period in which energy charges, capacity or demand charges, and ancillary services are sold into MISO. MGE reports, on a net basis, transactions on the MISO markets in which it buys and sells power within the same hour to meet electric energy delivery requirements. Transportation of Gas MGE has contracts under which it provides gas transportation services to customers who have elected to purchase gas from a third party. MGE delivers this gas via pipelines within its service territory. Revenue is recognized as service is rendered or gas is delivered to customers. Tariffs are approved by the PSCW through a rate order and provide gas transportation customers with standard terms and conditions, including pricing terms. 

MGE Power West Campus (a) 

Total Noncontrolling Interest 

MGE Power West Campus (a) 

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, Net of Tax 

(a) owned by MGE Power, and MGE Power is owned by MGE Energy. MGE Energy's proportionate share of the equity and net income (through its wholly owned subsidiary MGE Power) of MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus is classified within the MGE consolidated financial statements as noncontrolling interest. 

General corporate expenses include the cost of executive management, corporate accounting and finance, information technology, risk management, human resources and legal functions, and employee benefits that are allocated to electric and gas segments based on formulas prescribed by the PSCW. Identifiable assets are those used in MGE's operations in each segment. Sales between our electric and gas segments are based on PSCW approved tariffed rates. Additionally, intersegment operations related to the leasing arrangement between our electric segment and MGE Power Elm Road/MGE Power West Campus are based on terms previously approved by the PSCW. Consistent with internal reporting, management has presented the direct financing capital leases between MGE and MGE Power Elm Road/MGE Power West Campus based on actual lease payments included in rates. Lease payments made by MGE to MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus are shown as operating expenses. The lease payments received by MGE Power Elm Road and MGE Power West Campus from MGE are shown as lease income in interdepartmental revenues. The depreciation expense associated with the Elm Road Units and WCCF is reflected in the nonregulated energy segment. 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Interest (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of investments 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating revenues 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Interest (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of investments 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Operating revenues 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

() 

Interest (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of investments 

Net income (loss) 

() 

(In thousands) MGE 
 
 Electric 

Gas 

Non-Regulated Energy 

Consolidation/ Elimination Entries 

Consolidated Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Operating revenues 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to MGE 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating revenues 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to MGE 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Operating revenues 

Interdepartmental revenues 

() 

Total operating revenues 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to MGE 

() 

The following table shows segment information for MGE Energy's and MGE's assets and capital expenditures: 

Utility 

Consolidated 

(In thousands) MGE Energy 
 
 Electric 

Gas 

Non-regulated Energy 

Transmission Investment (a) 

All Others 

Consolidation/ Elimination Entries 

Total 

Assets: 

December 31, 2022 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

Capital Expenditures: 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2022 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2021 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2020 

Utility 

Consolidated 

(In thousands) MGE 
 
 Electric 

Gas 

Non-regulated Energy 

Consolidation/ Elimination Entries 

Total 

Assets: 

December 31, 2022 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

Capital Expenditures: 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2022 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2021 

Year ended Dec. 31, 2020 

(a) 

107 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Cont rols and Procedures. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, each registrant's management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated its disclosure controls and procedures related to the recording, processing, summarization, and reporting of information in its periodic reports that it files with the SEC. These disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information relating to that registrant, including its subsidiaries, is accumulated and made known to that registrant's management, including these officers, by other employees of that registrant and its subsidiaries as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated, and reported, as applicable, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. The evaluations take into account changes in the internal and external operating environments that may impact those controls and procedures. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Also, MGE Energy does not control or manage certain of its unconsolidated entities and thus, its access and ability to apply its procedures to those entities is more limited than is the case for its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, each registrant's principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Each registrant intends to strive continually to improve its disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of its financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in either registrant's internal controls over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect materially, that registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 Management of MGE Energy and MGE are required to assess and report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. As a result of that assessment, management determined that there were no material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022 and, therefore, concluded that MGE Energy and MGE's internal control over financial reporting was effective. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. 
 
 Item 9B. Oth er Information. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 None. 
 
 Item 9 C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 None. 
 108 

PAR T III. 
 
 Item 10. Di rectors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 The information required by Item 10 relating to directors and nominees for election as directors at MGE Energy's annual meeting of shareholders is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the heading ELECTION OF DIRECTORS in MGE Energy's definitive proxy statement (2023 Proxy Statement) to be filed with the SEC before April 30, 2023. Information relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the heading BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 relating to executive officers is set forth above in Item 1. Business - Executive Officers of the Registrants . 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 MGE Energy has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its directors and all of its employees, including its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics is available on MGE Energy's website at www.mgeenergy.com. Information contained on MGE Energy's website shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this report. 
 
 Item 11. Execut ive Compensation. 
 
 See Item 12. 
 
 Item 12. Secu rity Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 The following table presents information regarding MGE Energy's equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 

447,220 
 (1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Total 

447,220 

(1) All of the available shares under the 2021 Long-term Incentive plan may be issued as awards in the form of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance units. Stock options are not authorized. As of December 31, 2022, there were restricted stock units and performance units outstanding under the 2021 Long-term Incentive Plan. Column (c) assumes the outstanding performance shares are settled in shares of common stock as opposed to cash. 

The remainder of the required information is included in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC before April 30, 2023, for Item 11 under the section EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION, not including Compensation Committee Report, and Cumulative Five-Year Total Return Comparison Graph, and for Item 12 under the section BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 109 

Item 13. Certain Rel ationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference herein from the BOARD OF DIRECTORS INFORMATION section in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC before April 30, 2023. 
 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 MGE Energy 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the heading RATIFICATION OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC before April 30, 2023. 
 
 MGE 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Disclosure 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees (a) 

1,072,643 

1,124,568 

Audit-related fees (b) 

80,000 

316,700 

Tax fees (c) 

43,118 

35,478 

All other fees (d) 

4,500 

607,800 

(a) Professional services rendered for the audits of the financial statements, review of the interim financial statements, opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for MGE Energy, and services that generally only the independent auditor can reasonably provide, such as comfort letters, statutory audits, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. Audit Fees for 2021 also include professional services rendered in connection with implementation of a new customer information system. 

(b) Audit-Related Fees for 2022 and 2021 include professional services rendered in connection with utility commission-mandated obligations. Fees in 2021 also include professional services rendered in connection with Enterprise Forward project implementation review that included review of security and internal controls. Enterprise Forward is a strategic information technology management project aimed at transforming MGE into a digital integrated utility and includes replacement of customer information system. 

(c) Tax fees for 2022 and 2021 include review of federal and state income tax returns. 

(d) Other Fees for 2021 include advisory services with respect to the Enterprise Forward project. 

MGE is a wholly owned subsidiary of MGE Energy and does not have a separate audit committee. Instead, that function is fulfilled for MGE by the MGE Energy Audit Committee. The Audit Committee approves each engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm to render any audit or nonaudit services before the firm is engaged to render those services. The Chair of the Audit Committee or other designated Audit Committee member may represent the entire Audit Committee for purposes of this approval. Any services approved by the Chair or other designated Audit Committee members are reported to the full Audit Committee at the next scheduled Audit Committee meeting. No de minimis exceptions to this approval process are allowed under the Audit Committee Charter; and thus, none of the services described in the preceding table were approved pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X. 
 110 

PAR T IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exh ibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements. 

MGE Energy 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 58 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 59 

Consolidated Statements of Common Equity as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 60 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

MGE 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Equity as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. 

MGE Energy 

Schedule I Condensed Parent Company Financial Statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 115 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 118 

MGE 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 118 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3. All Exhibits Including Those Incorporated by Reference. 
 
 Exhibits. Several of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Several other instruments, which would otherwise be required to be listed below, have not been so listed because those instruments do not authorize securities in an amount that exceeds 10 of the total assets of the applicable registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The relevant registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any instrument that was so omitted on that basis to the Commission upon request. 
 111 

Incorporated by Reference 

Ex. No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Date Filed 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 S-3 Registration Statement 
 333-197423 
 4.1 
 7/15/2014 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 8-K 
 0-49965 
 3.2 
 3/24/2020 

3.3 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Madison Gas and Electric Company as in effect at October 25, 2012. 
 8-K 
 0-1125 
 3.1 
 10/25/2012 

3.4 
 
 Amended Bylaws of Madison Gas and Electric Company as in effect at August 16, 2002 
 10-K 
 0-1125 
 3.3 
 3/26/2003 

4.1 
 
 Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust between Madison Gas and Electric Company and U.S. Bank, N.A. (successor to First Wisconsin Trust Company), as Trustee 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 4.1 
 8/7/2018 

4.2 
 
 Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993 to aforementioned Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 4.2 
 5/8/2018 

4.3 
 
 Indenture between Madison Gas and Electric Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.), as Trustee 
 10-K 
 0-1125 
 4B 
 3/29/2000 

4.4 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 4.4 
 2/27/2020 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, among MGE Energy, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.1 
 2/22/2023 

10.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 
 0-1125 
 10.2 
 2/22/2023 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 30, 2023, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, the lenders named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 
 0-1125 
 10.1 
 2/01/2023 

10.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, the Lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 
 0-1125 
 10.4 
 2/22/2023 

10.5 
 
 Joint Power Supply Agreement with Wisconsin Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Public Service Corporation. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.4 
 5/8/2018 

10.6 
 
 Joint Power Supply Agreement (Exclusive of Exhibits) with Wisconsin Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Public Service Corporation. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.5 
 8/7/2018 

10.7 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement for Construction and Operation of Columbia Generating Plant. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.6 
 2/22/2019 

10.8 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility Joint Ownership Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2003, among MGE Power West Campus, LLC, The Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System, and the State of Wisconsin, as Joint Owners. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.19 
 11/8/2005 

10.9 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility Operation and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2003, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, as Operator, and the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System, as Joint Owner. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.20 
 11/8/2005 

10.10 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility Lease Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2004, among MGE Power West Campus, LLC, as Lessor, and Madison Gas and Electric Company, as Lessee. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.21 
 11/8/2005 

10.11 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility Ground Lease, dated as of July 15, 2002, among MGE Power LLC, as Lessee, and the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System, as Lessor. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.22 
 11/8/2005 

10.12 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility Amendment of Ground Lease, dated as of March 18, 2004, among MGE Power West Campus, LLC, as Lessee, and the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System, as Lessor. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.23 
 11/8/2005 

10.13 
 
 West Campus Cogeneration Facility MGE Ground Sublease, dated as of March 18, 2004, among MGE Power West Campus, LLC, as Lessee, and Madison Gas and Electric Company, as Lessor. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.24 
 11/8/2005 

10.14 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station Common Facilities Operating and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, Wisconsin Electric Power Company, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Lessee/Owner Parties, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Operating Agent. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.7 
 11/8/2005 

10.15 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station New Common Facilities Ownership Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Joint Owners. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.8 
 11/8/2005 

10.16 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station I Ownership Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Joint Owners, Elm Road Services, LLC, as Project Manager, and W.E. Power LLC. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.9 
 11/8/2005 

10.17 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station I Facility Lease Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2005, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, as Lessor, and Madison Gas and Electric Company, as Lessee. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.10 
 11/8/2005 

112 

10.18 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station I Operating and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, Wisconsin Electric Power Company, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Lessee/ Owners, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Operating Agent. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.11 
 11/8/2005 

10.19 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station I Easement and Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Grantees, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Grantor. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.12 
 11/8/2005 

10.20 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2005 between MGE Power Elm Road, LLC and Madison Gas and Electric Company relating to Elm Road Generating Station I Easement and Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Grantees, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Grantor. 
 10-K 
 0-1125 
 10.16 
 3/8/2006 

10.21 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station II Ownership Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Joint Owners, Elm Road Services, LLC, as Project Manager, and W.E. Power LLC. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.13 
 11/8/2005 

10.22 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station II Facility Lease Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2005, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, as Lessor, and Madison Gas and Electric Company, as Lessee. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.14 
 11/8/2005 

10.23 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station II Operating and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among Madison Gas and Electric Company, Wisconsin Electric Power Company, and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Lessee/ Owners, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Operating Agent. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.15 
 11/8/2005 

10.24 
 
 Elm Road Generating Station II Easement and Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC and Wisconsin Public Power Inc., as Grantees, and Wisconsin Electric Power Company, as Grantor. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.16 
 11/8/2005 

10.25 
 
 Substation and Transformer Shared Use Agreement and Easement Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2006, among Madison Gas and Electric Company and Northern Iowa Windpower II LLC as Joint Owners. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.6 
 11/7/2006 

10.26 
 
 Management and Administration Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2006, among Madison Gas and Electric Company as Owner and Midwest Renewable Energy Resources, LLC as Manager. 
 10-Q 
 0-1125 
 10.7 
 11/7/2006 

10.27 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.37 
 2/26/2009 

10.28 
 
 Form of Amendment to Severance Agreement. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.1 
 5/5/2016 

10.29 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement for Officers hired on or after January 1, 2012. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.2 
 5/5/2016 

10.30 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.39 
 2/26/2009 

10.31 
 
 Amendment to Madison Gas and Electric Company Deferred Compensation Agreement 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.31 
 2/22/2023 

10.32 
 
 2023 Deferred Compensation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.32 
 2/22/2023 

10.33 
 
 Income Continuation Agreement - Keebler 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.32 
 2/22/2018 

10.34 
 
 Income Continuation Agreement - Hobbie 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.34 
 2/22/2023 

10.35 
 
 Income Continuation Agreement - Johnson 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.35 
 2/22/2023 

10.36 
 
 MGE Energy, Inc., 2006 Performance Unit Plan, as amended. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.1 
 5/5/2017 

10.37 
 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.42 
 2/26/2009 

10.38 
 
 Form of Amendment to Performance Unit Award Agreement. 
 8-K 
 0-49965 
 10.1 
 4/21/2011 

10.39 
 
 MGE Energy, Inc., 2013 Director Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 10-Q 
 0-49965 
 10.2 
 5/5/2017 

10.40 
 
 Form of 2013 Director Incentive Plan Award Agreement. 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.38 
 2/27/2014 

10.41 
 
 MGE Energy, Inc., 2020 Performance Unit Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.40 
 2/27/2020 

10.42 
 
 Form of 2020 Performance Unit Award Agreement 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.41 
 2/27/2020 

10.43 
 
 MGE Energy, Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 DEF 14A 
 0-49965 
 DEF 14A 
 3/31/2020 

10.44 
 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement for Employees pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.43 
 2/24/2021 

10.45 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Unit Award Agreement for Employees pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.44 
 2/24/2021 

10.46 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.45 
 2/24/2021 

10.47 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.46 
 2/24/2021 

10.48 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees and Directors pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.47 
 2/24/2021 

113 

10.49 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Employees pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.48 
 2/24/2021 

10.50 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Directors pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.49 
 2/24/2021 

10.51 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Employees and Directors pursuant to the MGE Energy Inc., 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 0-49965 
 10.50 
 2/24/2021 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

31.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed by Jeffrey M. Keebler for MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

31.2 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed by Jared J. Bushek for MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

31.3 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed by Jeffrey M. Keebler for Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

31.4 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed by Jared J. Bushek for Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) filed by Jeffrey M. Keebler for MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

32.2 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) filed by Jared J. Bushek for MGE Energy, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

32.3 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) filed by Jeffrey M. Keebler for Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

32.4 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) filed by Jared J. Bushek for Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. F orm 10-K Summary. 
 
 MGE Energy and MGE 
 
 None. 
 
 114 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of investments 

Other income (loss), net 

() 

() 

Interest income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. MGE Energy, Inc. Statements of Cash Flows (Parent Company Only) (In thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 

Investing Activities: 

Contributions to affiliates 

() 

() 

Contributions to other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

Cash Used for Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Issuance of common stock, net 

Cash dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities 

() 

() 

Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. Schedule I Condensed Parent Company Financial Statements (continued) MGE Energy, Inc. Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only) (In thousands) 

As of December 31, 

ASSETS 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Other deferred assets and other 

Investments: 

Investments in affiliates 

Other investments 

Total Investments 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable to affiliates 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other Credits: 

Deferred income taxes 

Accounts payable to affiliates 

Other deferred liabilities 

Total Other Credits 

Shareholders' Equity: 

Common shareholders' equity 

Retained earnings 

Total Shareholders' Equity 

Commitments and contingencies (see Footnote 3) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the above consolidated financial statements. Schedule I Condensed Parent Company Financial Statements (continued) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Parent Company Only) 1. Basis of Presentation. 

 MGE Energy is a holding company and conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. For Parent Company only presentation, investment in subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method. These condensed Parent Company financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X. These statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 2. Credit Agreements. 

 As of December 31, 2022 , MGE Energy had access to an unsecured, committed credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of million. As of December 31, 2022 , borrowings were outstanding under this facility. See Footnote 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information regarding MGE Energy's credit agreement. 3. Commitments and Contingencies. 

 See Footnote 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for information regarding commitments and contingencies. 4. Dividends from Affiliates. 

Dividends from Affiliates 

(In thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

MGE 

MGE Power Elm Road 

MGE Power West Campus 

MGE Transco 

MGEE Transco 

Total 

Dividend Restrictions Dividend payments by MGE to MGE Energy are subject to restrictions arising under a PSCW rate order and, to a lesser degree, MGE's first mortgage bonds. The PSCW order restricts any dividends that MGE may pay MGE Energy if its common equity ratio, calculated in the manner used in the rate proceeding, is less than . MGE's thirteen month rolling average common equity ratio as of December 31, 2022, is as determined under the calculation used in the rate proceeding. This restriction did not impact MGE's payment of dividends in 2022. Cash dividends of million and million were paid by MGE to MGE Energy in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The rate proceeding calculation includes as indebtedness imputed amounts for MGE's outstanding purchase power capacity payments and other PSCW adjustments, but does not include the indebtedness associated with MGE Power Elm Road or MGE Power West Campus, which are consolidated into MGE's financial statements but are not direct obligations of MGE. MGE has covenanted with the holders of its first mortgage bonds not to declare or pay any dividend or make any other distribution on or purchase any shares of its common stock unless, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all such dividends and distributions and all amounts applied to such purchases, after December 31, 1945, shall not exceed the earned surplus (retained earnings) accumulated subsequent to December 31, 1945. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million was available for the payment of dividends under this covenant. See Footnotes 13 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for more information on dividend restrictions appearing in credit agreements and long-term debt, respectively. 

117 

() 

Year ended 2021: 

Accumulated provision for uncollectibles 

() 

Year ended 2022: 

Accumulated provision for uncollectibles 

() 

(a) 

 (b) million, million, and million, respectively, of bad debt expense as a regulatory asset. See Footnote 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information. 

118 

Signat ures - MGE Energy, Inc. 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

MGE Energy, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 
 Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 
 Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer (Chief Financial Officer) 

/s/ Tamara J. Johnson 
 Tamara J. Johnson Vice President - Accounting and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Marcia M. Anderson 
 Marcia M. Anderson, Director 

/s/ James G. Berbee 
 James G. Berbee, Director 

/s/ Mark D. Bugher 
 Mark D. Bugher, Director 

/s/ Londa J. Dewey 
 Londa J. Dewey, Director 

/s/ James L. Possin 
 James L. Possin, Director 

/s/ Thomas R. Stolper 
 Thomas R. Stolper, Director 

/s/ Gary J. Wolter 
 Gary J. Wolter, Director 

/s/ Noble L. Wray 
 Noble L. Wray, Director 

119 

Sig natures - Madison Gas and Electric Company 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 

(Registrant) 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 
 Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 
 Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer (Chief Financial Officer) 

/s/ Tamara J. Johnson 
 Tamara J. Johnson Vice President - Accounting and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Marcia M. Anderson 
 Marcia M. Anderson, Director 

/s/ James G. Berbee 
 James G. Berbee, Director 

/s/ Mark D. Bugher 
 Mark D. Bugher, Director 

/s/ Londa J. Dewey 
 Londa J. Dewey, Director 

/s/ James L. Possin 
 James L. Possin, Director 

/s/ Thomas R. Stolper 
 Thomas R. Stolper, Director 

/s/ Gary J. Wolter 
 Gary J. Wolter, Director 

/s/ Noble L. Wray 
 Noble L. Wray, Director 

120 

<EX-10>
 2
 mgee-ex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 8, 2022 
 AMONG 
 MGE ENERGY, INC., AS BORROWER, 

THE LENDERS, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 AND 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 AS SYNDICATION AGENTS, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS LEAD ARRANGER AND SOLE BOOK RUNNER 

Table of Contents 
 Page 

ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS; ETC 
 1 

1.1. 
 Definitions 
 1 

1.2. 
 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 24 

1.3. 
 Other Interpretative Provisions 
 24 

1.4. 
 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 
 24 

ARTICLE II 
 THE CREDITS 
 25 

2.1. 
 The Facility 
 25 

2.2. 
 Advances 
 25 

2.3. 
 Method of Borrowing 
 26 

2.4. 
 Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment 
 26 

2.5. 
 Minimum Amount of Each Advance 
 27 

2.6. 
 Optional Principal Payments 
 27 

2.7. 
 Changes in Interest Rate, etc 
 27 

2.8. 
 Rates Applicable After Default 
 27 

2.9. 
 Method of Payment 
 28 

2.10. 
 Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness 
 28 

2.11. 
 Telephonic Notices 
 29 

2.12. 
 Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis 
 29 

2.13. 
 Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions 
 29 

2.14. 
 Lending Installations 
 30 

2.15. 
 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 
 30 

2.16. 
 Extension of Facility Termination Date 
 30 

2.17. 
 Letters of Credit 
 31 

2.18. 
 Increase in Aggregate Commitment 
 36 

2.19. 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 37 

ARTICLE III 
 INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 40 

3.1. 
 Increased Costs 
 40 

3.2. 
 Break Funding Payments 
 41 

3.3. 
 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 42 

3.4. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 

3.5. 
 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 
 44 

3.6. 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 48 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 
 ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

ARTICLE IV 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 50 

4.1. 
 Initial Credit Extension 
 50 

4.2. 
 Each Credit Extension 
 51 

ARTICLE V 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 51 

5.1. 
 Existence and Standing 
 51 

5.2. 
 Authorization and Validity 
 52 

5.3. 
 No Conflict; Government Consent 
 52 

5.4. 
 Financial Statements 
 52 

5.5. 
 Material Adverse Change 
 52 

5.6. 
 Taxes 
 52 

5.7. 
 Litigation and Contingent Obligations 
 53 

5.8. 
 Subsidiaries 
 53 

5.9. 
 ERISA 
 53 

5.10. 
 Accuracy of Information 
 54 

5.11. 
 Margin Regulations 
 54 

5.12. 
 Compliance With Laws 
 54 

5.13. 
 Ownership of Properties 
 54 

5.14. 
 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 
 55 

5.15. 
 Environmental Matters 
 55 

5.16. 
 Investment Company Act 
 55 

5.17. 
 Insurance 
 55 

5.18. 
 Regulatory Approval 
 55 

5.19. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 55 

5.20. 
 Affected Financial Institutions 
 56 

5.21. 
 Solvency 
 56 

ARTICLE VI 
 COVENANTS 
 56 

6.1. 
 Financial Reporting 
 56 

6.2. 
 Litigation 
 57 

6.3. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 57 

6.4. 
 Notices of Material Events 
 57 

6.5. 
 Conduct of Business 
 58 

6.6. 
 Taxes 
 58 

ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

6.7. 
 Insurance 
 58 

6.8. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 58 

6.9. 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 59 

6.10. 
 Inspection 
 59 

6.11. 
 Merger 
 59 

6.12. 
 Sale of Assets 
 59 

6.13. 
 Liens 
 60 

6.14. 
 Affiliates 
 62 

6.15. 
 Financial Covenant 
 62 

ARTICLE VII 
 DEFAULTS 
 62 

ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 
 64 

8.1. 
 Acceleration; Letter of Credit Account 
 64 

8.2. 
 Amendments 
 65 

8.3. 
 Preservation of Rights 
 66 

ARTICLE IX 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 66 

9.1. 
 Survival of Representations 
 66 

9.2. 
 Governmental Regulation 
 66 

9.3. 
 Entire Agreement 
 66 

9.4. 
 Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement 
 66 

9.5. 
 Expenses; Indemnification 
 67 

9.6. 
 Numbers of Documents 
 68 

9.7. 
 Accounting 
 68 

9.8. 
 Severability of Provisions 
 69 

9.9. 
 Nonliability of Lenders 
 69 

9.10. 
 Confidentiality 
 69 

9.11. 
 Nonreliance 
 70 

9.12. 
 Disclosure 
 70 

9.13. 
 No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 
 70 

9.14. 
 USA Patriot Act 
 71 

9.15. 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 71 

9.16. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 72 

iii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

ARTICLE X 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 72 

10.1. 
 Authorization and Action 
 72 

10.2. 
 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc. 
 75 

10.3. 
 Posting of Communications. 
 76 

10.4. 
 The Administrative Agent Individually. 
 78 

10.5. 
 Successor Administrative Agent. 
 78 

10.6. 
 Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuers. 
 79 

10.7. 
 Certain ERISA Matters. 
 80 

ARTICLE XI 
 SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 
 82 

11.1. 
 Setoff 
 82 

11.2. 
 Ratable Payments 
 82 

ARTICLE XII 
 BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 
 82 

12.1. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 82 

12.2. 
 Participations 
 83 

12.3. 
 Assignments 
 84 

12.4. 
 Dissemination of Information 
 85 

12.5. 
 Tax Treatment 
 86 

12.6. 
 Restriction on Transfer 
 86 

ARTICLE XIII 
 NOTICES 
 86 

13.1. 
 Notices 
 86 

13.2. 
 Change of Address 
 87 

ARTICLE XIV 
 COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 87 

ARTICLE XV 
 CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 87 

15.1. 
 CHOICE OF LAW 
 87 

15.2. 
 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 
 87 

15.3. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 88 

ARTICLE XVI 
 AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 88 

iv 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule I		Lenders and Commitments Pricing Schedule 
 Schedule 2.17		Existing Letters of Credit 
 Schedule 5.8		Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.13		Liens 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A		Form of Opinion of Borrower s Counsel Exhibit B		Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit C		Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit D		Form of Loan/Credit Related Money Transfer Instruction Exhibit E		Form of Note 
 Exhibit F		Form of Increase Request 
 Exhibit G		Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 
 v 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022, is among MGE Energy, Inc., the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, as Administrative Agent. 
 R E C I T A L S: 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 7, 2019 by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Existing Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders provide certain loans and other financial accommodations to the Borrower; 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety to, among other things, extend the term of the revolving credit facility to the Borrower; and 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing, the parties hereto agree that upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 , the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety and superseded by this Agreement; provided, however, the obligation to repay the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement and corresponding Loan Documents. 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; ETC. 
 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement: 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any RFR Advance, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance for any Interest Period or for any Floating Rate Advance based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article X , and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Article X . 
 Advance means a borrowing hereunder (i) made by the Borrower from the Lenders on the same Borrowing Date, or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same date of 
 1 

conversion or continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term Benchmark Advances, for the same Interest Period. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. 
 Agent Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.5(iii) . 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders, in the initial aggregate amount of 50,000,000, as changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate of the Outstanding Credit Exposure of all Lenders. 
 Agreement means this Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ; provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3(ii) ), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anniversary Date is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Parties is defined in Section 10.3(iii) . 
 2 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.19 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Approved Electronic Platform is defined in Section 10.3(i) . 
 Arranger means JPMCB and its successors, in its capacity as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner. 
 Authorized Officer means any of the Chairman, President, Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Borrower, or any individual certified in writing by one of the aforementioned officers, in each case, acting singly. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.3(v) . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any 
 3 

order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person . 
 Base Rate Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.3(ii) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date, 
 (a)	the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or 
 (b)	the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities in the United States at such time; and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such 
 4 

Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1)	in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); and 
 (2)	in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 5 

(1)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 6 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower means MGE Energy, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, and its successors and assigns. 
 Borrowing Date means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder. 
 Borrowing Notice is defined in Section 2.2.3 . 
 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system. 
 Capitalized Lease of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Change in Control means (i) that the Borrower shall own less than 100 of the voting equity interests of Madison Gas or (ii) the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 30 or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Borrower. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or, in the case of any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender (or any Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after such date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral Shortfall Amount is defined in Section 8.1 . 
 7 

Commitment means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans and to issue or participate in Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule I hereto or as set forth in any assignment agreement relating to any assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 12.3.2 , as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.3(iii) . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Indebtedness means at any time the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 Consolidated Net Worth means at any time the consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 Consolidated Total Capitalization means at any time the sum of Consolidated Indebtedness and Consolidated Net Worth, each calculated at such time. 
 Contingent Obligation of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the Indebtedness of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including any comfort letter, operating agreement, take or pay contract or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership. 
 Conversion/Continuation Notice is defined in Section 2.2.4 . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (i)	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 (ii)	a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 (iii)	a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 8 

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Credit Extension means the making of an Advance or the issuance of a Letter of Credit. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuer or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), SOFR for the day that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Declining Lender is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Default means an event described in Article VII. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and any issuance of capital stock or other equity interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any 
 9 

sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Dollars , dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for the Borrower and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Issuer and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Successor means a Person that (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or business trust duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of one of the states of the United States or the District of Columbia, (ii) as a result of a contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will succeed to all or substantially all of the consolidated business and assets of the Borrower, (iii) upon giving effect to such contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will have all or substantially all of its consolidated business and assets 
 10 

conducted and located in the United States and (iv) in the case of the Borrower, is acceptable to the Required Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to (i) the protection of the environment, (ii) the effect of the environment on human health, (iii) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes into surface water, ground water or land, or (iv) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan; (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Pension Plan or Pension Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 Existing Lenders has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 Existing Letters of Credit is defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed 
 11 

on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.6(ii) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.5 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.5(vi) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Extension Request is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Facility Termination Date means November 8, 2027 or any later date that is specified as the Facility Termination Date in accordance with Section 2.16 or any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of October 28, 2022, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and Madison Gas. 
 Floating Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate for such day, in each case changing when and as the Alternate Base Rate changes. 
 Floating Rate Advance means an Advance which bears interest based on the Floating Rate. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as 
 12 

applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be zero. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Indebtedness of a Person means, without duplication, such Person s (i) obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of Property or services, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on, or payable out of the proceeds or production from, Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vii) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial accommodation which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (viii) Contingent Obligations in respect of any type of obligation described in any of the other clauses of this definition, (ix) obligations in respect of letters of credit (excluding obligations in respect of letters of credit supporting timely construction payments under a generation/transmission agreement with American Transmission Company, LLC or under similar agreements with American Transmission Company, LLC or other parties), (x) obligations in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions and (xi) Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities. Obligations of any Person that would constitute Indebtedness solely because of such Person s capacity as a general partner of a partnership that incurred such Indebtedness shall not constitute Indebtedness of such Person if such Indebtedness in non-recourse to the partnership and neither such Person nor any Subsidiary thereof has any Contingent Obligations with respect to such Indebtedness. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.5(ii) . 
 13 

Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender parent, (c) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided that, with respect to clause (c) , such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance, the period commencing on the date of such Advance and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability of the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Revolving Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.3(v) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice. For purposes hereof, the date of an Advance initially shall be the date on which such Advance is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Advance. 
 Issuer means each of JPMCB, Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuer, each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.17(c) . Any Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuer, in which case the term Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuer in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuer with respect thereto. 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the related Letter Credit Application and any other document, agreement or instrument entered into by the applicable Issuer and the Borrower or in favor of the applicable Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. 
 LC Collateral Account is defined in Section 2.17(l) . 
 LC Commitment means, for any Issuer, the maximum amount of Letter of Credit Obligations that such Issuer has agreed may be outstanding under all Letters of Credit issued by 
 14 

such Issuer. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the respective LC Commitments for the Issuers are (a) 15,000,000 for JPMCB, (b) 7,500,000 for Bank of America, N.A. and (c) 7,500,000 for U.S. Bank National Association. The Borrower and any Issuer may from time to time agree in writing to increase or decrease such Issuer s LC Commitment without the consent or approval of any other Person. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Sublimit means 50,000,000. 
 Lenders means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuers. 
 Lending Installation means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Administrative Agent listed on the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 Letter of Credit is defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Letter of Credit Application is defined in Section 2.17(d) . 
 Letter of Credit Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Fee Rate means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Letter of Credit Obligations means, at any time, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate undrawn stated amount of all Letters of Credit at such time plus (ii) the aggregate unpaid amount of all Reimbursement Obligations at such time. 
 Lien means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement). 
 Loan means, with respect to a Lender, a loan made by such Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof). 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note issued pursuant to Section 2.10 , each Letter of Credit and each Letter of Credit Application. 
 15 

Madison Gas means Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation. 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 Modification and Modify are defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Note means any promissory note in the form of Exhibit E hereto issued at the request of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 to evidence its Loans. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all Reimbursement Obligations and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of the Borrower to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuer or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (i) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability under any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which is not a Capitalized Lease, (iii) any liability under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place 
 16 

of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, but excluding from this clause (iv) Operating Leases. 
 Operating Lease of a Person means any lease of Property (other than a Capitalized Lease) by such Person as lessee which has an original term (including any required renewals and any renewals effective at the option of the lessor) of one year or more. 
 Original Effective Date means June 1, 2015. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.5 ). 
 Outstanding Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of its Loans outstanding at such time, plus (ii) its LC Exposure at such time. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Participants is defined in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Patriot Act is defined in Section 9.14 . 
 Payment Date means the last day of each month. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means a pension plan as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA (including any Multiemployer Plan), which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code, and to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may have liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial 
 17 

employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pricing Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the FRB (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (i) which together with its Subsidiaries has assets having an aggregate book value exceeding 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) which together with its Subsidiaries had net income in excess of 10 of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters. 
 Property of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Purchasers is defined in Section 12.3.1 . 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuer, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 18 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.3.3 . 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Reimbursement Obligations means, at any time, the aggregate of all obligations of the Borrower then outstanding under Section 2.17 to reimburse the Issuers for amounts paid by the Issuers in respect of any one or more drawings under Letters of Credit. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, and (ii) with respect to any RFR Advance, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event, provided, that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Code. 
 Reports is defined in Section 9.5 . 
 Required Lenders means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 51 of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 51 of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure; provided that, as long as there are only two Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders. Any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 19 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.1 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 8.2 ). 
 RFR when used in reference to any Loan or Advance, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Advance, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Floating Rate Loan or Advance). 
 S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of Property by any Person with the intent to lease such Property as lessee. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 20 

SOFR Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Solvent means, at to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50 of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Substantial Portion means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, Property which represents more than 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or property which is responsible for more than 10 of the consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the beginning of the twelve-month period ending with the month in which such determination is made (or if financial statements have not been delivered hereunder for that month which begins the twelve-month period, then the financial statements delivered hereunder for the quarter ending immediately prior to that month). 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Syndication Agents means Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, and any and all liabilities with respect to the foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 
 21 

Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Advance, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Advance, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term Benchmark Advance means an Advance which bears interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Transferee is defined in Section 12.4 . 
 Type means, with respect to any Advance, whether the rate of interest on the Loans comprising such Advance, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 22 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.5(vi)(b)(ii)(3) . 
 Unmatured Default means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default. 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the outstanding voting securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization 100 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

23 

1.2. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 1.3. Other Interpretative Provisions . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context requires, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed to refer to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless another document is specifically referenced and (iii) any reference to any law or regulation shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, supplementing, reforming, replacing or interpreting such law or regulation. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the word to means to but excluding . Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 1.4. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.3(ii) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 24 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 2.1. The Facility . 
 2.1.1. Description of Facility . The Lenders grant to the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, (a) each Lender severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2 and (b) each Issuer agrees to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower from time to time (and each Lender severally agrees to participate in each such Letter of Credit as more fully set forth in Section 2.17 ). 
 2.1.2. Limitations on Outstandings . In no event may (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitment or (b) the Outstanding Credit Exposure of any Lender at any time exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment. 
 2.1.3. Availability of Facility . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the facility is available from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, and the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow at any time prior to the Facility Termination Date. The Commitments shall expire on the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.1.4. Repayment of Facility; Deposit of Cash Collateral . Any outstanding Advances and all other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the Facility Termination Date and on such date the Borrower will deposit into the LC Collateral Account an amount in immediately available funds equal to the aggregate stated amount of all Letters of Credit that will remain outstanding after the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.2. Advances . 
 2.2.1. Advances . Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the ratio that their respective Commitments bear to the Aggregate Commitment. 
 2.2.2. Types of Advances . The Advances may be Floating Rate Advances or Term Benchmark Advances, or a combination thereof, selected by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2.3 . 
 2.2.3. Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for Advances . The Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Term Benchmark Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto, from time to time. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Borrowing Notice not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) (x) on the Borrowing Date of each Floating Rate Advance and (y) at least three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Term Benchmark Advance. A Borrowing Notice shall specify: 
 (i)	the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance, 
 (ii)	the aggregate amount of such Advance, 
 25 

(iii)	the Type of Advance selected, and 
 (iv)	in the case of each Term Benchmark Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not end after the Facility Termination Date). 
 2.2.4. Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances . Floating Rate Advances shall continue as Floating Rate Advances unless and until such Floating Rate Advances are either converted into Term Benchmark Advances in accordance with this Section 2.2.4 or are repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 . Each Term Benchmark Advance shall continue as a Term Benchmark Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Term Benchmark Advance shall be automatically continued as a Term Benchmark Advance with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such Term Benchmark Advance is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 or (y) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Term Benchmark Advance continue as a Term Benchmark Advance for the same or another Interest Period. Subject to the terms of Section 2.5 , the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Floating Rate Advance into a Term Benchmark Advance. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Conversion/Continuation Notice of each conversion of a Floating Rate Advance into a Term Benchmark Advance, or continuation of a Term Benchmark Advance, not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation, specifying: 
 (i)	the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion or continuation, 
 (ii)	the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be converted or continued, and 
 (iii)	the amount of such Advance(s) which is to be converted into or continued as a Term Benchmark Advance and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 2.3. Method of Borrowing . Not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in Chicago to the Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII. The Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the Lenders available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 
 2.4. Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily unused amount of such Lender s Commitment from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, payable on the last day of each calendar quarter hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date; provided that the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay a commitment fee for the account of any Lender with respect to any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. The Borrower may permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders in an amount equal to 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess of 5,000,000 upon at least two Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided, that the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may not be 
 26 

reduced below the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure. All accrued commitment fees shall be payable on the effective date of any termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance . Each Term Benchmark Advance shall be in the amount of 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000), and each Floating Rate Advance shall be in the amount of (i) 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000) or, if applicable, (ii) the amount of then outstanding commercial paper being repaid with the proceeds of such Floating Rate Advance, provided that any Floating Rate Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower shall not request a Term Benchmark Advance if, after giving effect to the requested Term Benchmark Advance, more than ten separate Term Benchmark Advances would be outstanding. 
 2.6. Optional Principal Payments . The Borrower may from time to time pay on any Business Day, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Advances, or, in the amount of 1,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of the outstanding Floating Rate Advances upon notice to the Administrative Agent (not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time)) on the proposed day of payment. The Borrower may from time to time pay, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.2 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Term Benchmark Advances or, in the amount of 1,000,000 (or, if less, the outstanding amount of any Term Benchmark Advance) or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of any outstanding Term Benchmark Advance upon two Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 2.7. Changes in Interest Rate, etc. Each Floating Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Advance is made or is converted from a Term Benchmark Advance into a Floating Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 to the date it becomes due or is converted into a Term Benchmark Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 , at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate plus the Base Rate Margin for such day. Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as a Floating Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate. Each Term Benchmark Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to the last day of such Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus the SOFR Margin for each such day. No Interest Period may end after the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.8. Rates Applicable After Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.2.3 or Section 2.2.4 , during the continuance of a Default or Unmatured Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that no Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as a Term Benchmark Advance. During the continuance of a Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i) each Term Benchmark Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 1.5 per annum, (ii) each Floating Rate 
 27 

Advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Base Rate Margin, plus 1.5 per annum and/or (iii) the Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be increased by 1.5 per annum, provided that, during the continuance of a Default under Section 7.7 or 7.8 , the interest rates set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above and the increase in the Letter of Credit Fee Rate set forth in clause (iii) above shall be applicable to all applicable Credit Extensions without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 2.9. Method of Payment . All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s address specified pursuant to Article XIII , or at any other Lending Installation of the Administrative Agent specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, by noon (local time) on the date when due and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders. Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Administrative Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Administrative Agent from such Lender. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to automatically charge any account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder. 
 2.10. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness . (i) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (ii)	The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (b) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder, (c) the original stated amount of each Letter of Credit and the amount of Letter of Credit Obligations outstanding and (d) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (iii)	The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms. 
 (iv)	Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by Notes. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 be represented by a Note payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 12.3 , except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above. 
 28 

2.11. Telephonic Notices . The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances, and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Administrative Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of the Borrower, it being understood that the foregoing authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices and Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically. The Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall govern absent manifest error. 
 2.12. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis . Interest accrued on each Floating Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which the Floating Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Floating Rate Advance converted into a Term Benchmark Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of conversion. Interest accrued on each Term Benchmark Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which such Term Benchmark Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on each Term Benchmark Advance having an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable on the last day of each three month interval during such Interest Period. Interest and commitment fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360 day year, except that interest calculated based on the Prime Rate shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365, or when appropriate 366, day year. Interest shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment. 
 2.13. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions . Promptly after receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Borrowing Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice, and repayment notice received by it hereunder. The Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Term Benchmark Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate. 

29 

2.14. Lending Installations . Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and any Loan issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation. Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with Article XIII, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made. 
 2.15. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . Unless the Borrower or a Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date on which it is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal, interest or fees to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such payment has been made. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Administrative Agent, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made available together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Administrative Agent until the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day for the first three days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (y) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan. 
 2.16. Extension of Facility Termination Date . The Borrower may request an extension of the Facility Termination Date for up to two additional one-year periods by submitting a request for an extension to the Administrative Agent (an Extension Request not more than 60 days or less than 30 days prior to any anniversary of the date of this Agreement (each an Anniversary Date ). In response to such request, each Lender shall, not later than 20 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date, notify the Administrative Agent whether it is willing (in its sole and complete discretion) to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date for an additional year (and any Lender that fails to give such notice to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have elected not to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date). The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of the Lenders decisions no later than 15 days prior to such Anniversary Date. If Lenders holding more than 50 of the Commitments elect to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date, then on such Anniversary Date the Commitments of such Lenders shall be extended for an additional year; provided that (i) no Default or Unmatured Default exists on such Anniversary Date and (ii) all representations and warranties are true and correct on such Anniversary Date, as though made as of such Anniversary Date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). No Lender shall be required to consent to any Extension Request and any Lender that elects, or is deemed to have elected, not to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date (a Declining Lender will have its Commitment terminated on the then existing scheduled Facility Termination Date (without regard to any extension by other Lenders). The Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to any Declining Lender and the Administrative Agent, require any Declining Lender to assign and delegate its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an 
 30 

assignee selected by the Borrower and willing to accept such assignment (in accordance with, and subject to, the restrictions and consents otherwise required for assignments generally). 
 2.17. Letters of Credit . 
 (a)	 Issuance . The Borrower may request that one or more Issuers issue standby letters of credit (each a Letter of Credit up to the LC Sublimit. Each Issuer hereby agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to issue Letters of Credit and to extend, increase, decrease or otherwise modify Letters of Credit Modify , and each such action a Modification from time to time from the date of this Agreement and prior to the Facility Termination Date upon the request of the Borrower for the Borrower as applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations; provided that immediately after each Letter of Credit is issued or Modified, (x) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit and (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment; and provided, further, that each Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, issue or Modify any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect thereto, the outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations under all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuer would exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuer. No Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date later than (i) one year following the date of issuance thereof, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor may provide for the extension thereof for additional one-year periods, and (ii) five Business Days prior to the scheduled Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuer shall have an obligation hereunder to issue, and no Issuer shall issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business (x) of or with any Sanctioned Person or (y) in any country or territory that is a Sanctioned Country or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the letters of credit identified on Schedule 2.17 (the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued on the Restatement Effective Date for all purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 (b)	 Participations . Upon the issuance or Modification by any Issuer of a Letter of Credit in accordance with this Section 2.17 , such Issuer shall be deemed, without further action by any Person, to have unconditionally and irrevocably sold to each Lender, and each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any Person, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from such Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit (and each Modification thereof) and the related Letter of Credit Obligations in proportion to its pro rata share. 
 (c)	 Replacement and Resignation of an Issuer . (i) An Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuer and the successor Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuer pursuant to Section 2.17(e) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of Issuers under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) 
 31 

references herein to the term Issuer shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuers, or to such successor and all previous Issuers, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuer hereunder, the replaced Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (ii)	Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuer, any Issuer may resign as an Issuer at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuer shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.17(c)(i) above. 
 (d)	 Notice . Subject to Section 2.17(a) , the Borrower shall give the applicable Issuer and the Administrative Agent notice prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days (or such lesser period of time as such Issuer may agree in its sole discretion) prior to the proposed date of issuance or Modification of each Letter of Credit, specifying the beneficiary, the proposed date of issuance (or Modification) and the expiry date of such Letter of Credit, and, in the case of an issuance or a Modification (other than an extension, increase or decrease, for which such information shall not be required), describing the proposed terms of such Letter of Credit and the nature of the transactions proposed to be supported thereby. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender, of the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender s participation in such proposed Letter of Credit. The issuance or Modification by an Issuer of any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV (the satisfaction of which such Issuer shall have no duty to ascertain, it being understood, however, that such Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit if it has received written notice from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender that any such condition precedent has not been satisfied), be subject to the conditions precedent that such Letter of Credit shall be satisfactory to such Issuer and that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered such application agreement and/or such other instruments and agreements relating to such Letter of Credit as such Issuer shall have reasonably requested (each a Letter of Credit Application ). In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
 (e)	 Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Term Benchmark Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuer a fronting fee, which shall accrue at Letter of Credit Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding 
 32 

the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuer s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (f)	 Administration; Reimbursement by Lenders . Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any demand for payment under such Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and each Lender of the amount to be paid by such Issuer as a result of such demand and the proposed payment date (the Letter of Credit Payment Date ). The responsibility of any Issuer to the Borrower and each Lender shall be only to determine that the documents delivered under each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer in connection with a demand for payment are in conformity in all material respects with such Letter of Credit. Each Issuer shall endeavor to exercise the same care in its issuance and administration of Letters of Credit as it does with respect to letters of credit in which no participations are granted, it being understood that in the absence of any gross negligence or willful misconduct by such Issuer, each Lender shall be unconditionally and irrevocably obligated, without regard to the occurrence of any Default or any condition precedent whatsoever, to reimburse such Issuer on demand for (a) such Lender s pro rata share of the amount of each payment made by such Issuer under each Letter of Credit to the extent such amount is not reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17(g) below, plus (b) interest on the foregoing amount, for each day from the date of the applicable payment by such Issuer to the date on which such Issuer is reimbursed by such Lender for its pro rata share thereof, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate or, beginning on the third Business Day after demand for such amount by such Issuer, the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances. 
 (g)	 Reimbursement by Borrower . The Borrower shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse each Issuer through the Administrative Agent on or before the applicable Letter of Credit Payment Date for any amount to be paid by such Issuer upon any drawing under any Letter of Credit, without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities of any kind; provided that the Borrower shall not be precluded from asserting any claim for direct (but not consequential) damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by (a) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit complied with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (b) such Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. All such amounts paid by an Issuer and remaining unpaid by the Borrower shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day 
 33 

until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 1.5 plus the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances. The Administrative Agent will pay to each Lender ratably in accordance with its pro rata share all amounts received by it from the Borrower for application in payment, in whole or in part, of the Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit, but only to the extent such Lender made payment to the applicable Issuer in respect of such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.17(d) . 
 (h)	 Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower may have or have had against any Issuer, any Lender or any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit. The Borrower further agrees with the Issuers and the Lenders that neither any Issuer nor any Lender shall be responsible for, and the Borrower s Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrower, any of its Affiliates, the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any financing institution or other party to whom any Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims or defenses whatsoever of the Borrower or of any of its Affiliates against the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee. No Issuer shall be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by any Issuer or any Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit and the related drafts and documents, if done without gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall not put any Issuer or any Lender under any liability to the Borrower. Nothing in this Section 2.17(h) is intended to limit the right of the Borrower to make a claim against any Issuer for damages as contemplated by the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.17(g) . 
 (i)	 Actions of Issuers . Each Issuer shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Letter of Credit, draft, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected by such Issuer. Each Issuer shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement unless it shall first have received such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it reasonably deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.17 , each Issuer shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon the Lenders and any future holder of a participation in any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer. 
 34 

(j)	 Indemnification . The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, each Issuer and the Administrative Agent, and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees, from and against any and all claims and damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses which such Person may incur (or which may be claimed against such Person by any other Person whatsoever) by reason of or in connection with the issuance, execution and delivery or transfer of or payment or failure to pay under any Letter of Credit or any actual or proposed use of any Letter of Credit, including any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses which any Issuer may incur by reason of or in connection with (a) the failure of any other Lender to fulfill or comply with its obligations to such Issuer hereunder (but nothing herein contained shall affect any right the Borrower may have against any Defaulting Lender) or (b) by reason of or on account of such Issuer issuing any Letter of Credit which specifies that the term Beneficiary therein includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary, but which Letter of Credit does not require that any drawing by any such successor Beneficiary be accompanied by a copy of a legal document, satisfactory to such Issuer, evidencing the appointment of such successor Beneficiary; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Person for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, caused by (x) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer complied with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (y) any Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. Nothing in this Section 2.17(j) is intended to limit the obligations of the Borrower under any other provision of this Agreement. 
 (k)	 Lenders Indemnification . Each Lender shall, ratably in accordance with its pro rata share, indemnify each Issuer and its Affiliates and their respective Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) against any cost, expense (including reasonable counsel fees and charges), claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from such indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct or such Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit) that such indemnitees may suffer or incur in connection with this Section 2.17 or any action taken or omitted by such indemnitees hereunder. 
 (l)	 LC Collateral Account . The Borrower agrees that it will establish on the Facility Termination Date (or on such earlier date as may be required pursuant to Section 8.1 ), and thereafter maintain so long as any Letter of Credit Obligation remains outstanding or any other amount is payable to any Issuer or the Lenders in respect of any Letter of Credit, a special collateral account pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (the LC Collateral Account at the Administrative Agent s office at the address specified pursuant to Article XIII, in the name of the Borrower but under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, and in which the Borrower shall have no interest other than as set forth in Section 8.1 . The Borrower hereby pledges, assigns and grants to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of and for the ratable benefit of the Lenders and the Issuers, a security interest in all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in and to all funds which may from time to time be on 
 35 

deposit in the LC Collateral Account, to secure the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent will invest any funds on deposit from time to time in the LC Collateral Account in certificates of deposit of the Administrative Agent having a maturity not exceeding 30 days. If funds are deposited in the LC Collateral Account pursuant to Section 2.1.4 and the provisions of Section 8.1 are not applicable, then the Administrative Agent shall release from the LC Collateral Account to the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower, an amount equal to the excess (if any) of all funds in the LC Collateral Account over the Letter of Credit Obligations. 
 (m)	 Rights as a Lender . In its capacity as a Lender, each Issuer shall have the same rights and obligations as any other Lender. 
 (n)	 Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuer (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuer hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 2.18. Increase in Aggregate Commitment . 
 (a)	The Borrower may, from time to time (but not on more than four occasions during the term of this Agreement), by means of a letter delivered to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit F , request that the Aggregate Commitment be increased; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of all such increases during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed 25,000,000 and (ii) any such increase in the Aggregate Commitment shall be in an amount equal to 10,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or, if less, the remaining amount of the increases permitted under this Section 2.18 ). 
 (b)	Any increase in the Aggregate Commitment may be effected by (i) increasing the Commitment of one or more Lenders which have agreed to such increase and/or (ii) subject to clause (d) below, adding one or more commercial banks or other Persons as a party hereto (each an Additional Lender with a Commitment in an amount agreed to by any such Additional Lender. 
 (c)	Any increase in the Aggregate Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall be effective three Business Days (or such other period agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and, as applicable, each Lender that has agreed to increase its 
 36 

Commitment and each Additional Lender) after the date on which the Administrative Agent has acknowledged receipt of the applicable increase letter in the form of Annex 1 (in the case of an increase in the Commitment of an existing Lender) or Annex 2 (in the case of the addition of an Additional Lender) to Exhibit F . 
 (d)	No Additional Lender shall be added as a party hereto without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuer (which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and each increase in the Aggregate Commitment may only be effected if there is no Default or an Unmatured Default and the Borrower confirms the accuracy of all representations and warranties. 
 (e)	The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any increase in the Aggregate Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.18 and of the Commitment and pro rata share of the Aggregate Commitment of each Lender after giving effect thereto. The parties hereto agree that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, each Additional Lender and each increasing Lender, as applicable, may make arrangements to stage the timing of any such increase, or to cause an Additional Lender or an increasing Lender to temporarily hold risk participations in the outstanding Advances of the other Lenders (rather than fund its pro rata share of all outstanding Advances concurrently with the applicable increase), in each case with a view toward minimizing breakage costs and transfers of funds in connection with any increase in the Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower acknowledges that if, as a result of a non-pro-rata increase in the Aggregate Commitment, any Term Benchmark Advance is prepaid or converted (in whole or in part) on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, then such prepayment or conversion shall be subject to the provisions of Section 3.2 . 
 2.19. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 
 (a)	fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.4 and fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(e) ; 
 (b)	any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 8.1 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuer hereunder; third , to cash collateralize the Issuers LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; 
 37 

fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuers future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh , so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c)	the Commitment and Outstanding Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 8.2 ); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby; 
 (d)	if any LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 
 (i)	all or any part of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Outstanding Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment; 
 (ii)	if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice 
 38 

by the Administrative Agent cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuers only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.1.4 for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 
 (iii)	if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(e) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 
 (iv)	if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.17(e) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 
 (v)	if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.17(e) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuers until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and 
 (e)	so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.19(d) , and LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.19(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Issuer has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, no Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuers shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to such Issuer, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuer agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the 
 39 

Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 ARTICLE III INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 3.1. Increased Costs. 
 (i)	If any Change in Law shall: 
 (a)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuer; 
 (b)	impose on any Lender or Issuer or the applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 
 (c)	subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (ii)	If any Lender or Issuer determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuer or such Lender s or Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuer or such Lender s or Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 40 

(iii)	A certificate of a Lender or Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (iv)	Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuer s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuer pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 3.2. Break Funding Payments . 
 (i)	With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.6 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. 
 (ii)	With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.6 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. 
 (iii)	A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

41 

3.3. Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (i)	Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of this Section 3.3 , if: 
 (a)	the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Advance that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for an RFR Loan; or 
 (b)	the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Advance that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the applicable Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or Loan) included in such Advance for such Interest Period, or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for an RFR Loan will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Advance; 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders through any Electronic System as provided in Article XIII as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Conversion/Continuation Notice or a new Borrowing Notice, (A) any Conversion/Continuation Notice that requests the conversion of any Advance to, or continuation of any Advance as, a Term Benchmark Advance and any Borrowing Notice that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed to be an Conversion/Continuation Notice or a Borrowing Notice, as applicable, for (1) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above or (2) a Floating Rate Advance if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above, and (B) any outstanding RFR Advance shall be converted to a Floating Rate Advance at such time. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.3(i) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers any Conversion/Continuation Notice, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above or (y) a Floating Rate Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. 
 42 

(ii)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (iii)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iv)	The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.3(iii) and (e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.3 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.3 . 
 (v)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or 
 43 

non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (vi)	Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to any Relevant Rate, (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Advance, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Advance of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for an Advance of or conversion to (A) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Floating Rate Advance if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, and (ii) in the case of any outstanding RFR Advance, such Advance shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.3 , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Floating Rate Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. 
 3.4. [Reserved] . 
 3.5. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . 
 (i)	 Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 44 

(ii)	 Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (iii)	 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv)	 Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (v)	 Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (a) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (b) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.2.1 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (c) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (v) . 
 (vi)	 Status of Lenders . 
 (a)	Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the 
 45 

Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.5(vi)(b)(i) , (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (b)	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (i)	any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 (ii)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 1.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 2.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 3.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation 
 46 

described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
 4.	to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (iii)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (iv)	if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 47 

(vii)	 Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (vii) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (vii) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (vii) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (viii)	 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (ix)	 Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term Lender includes any Issuer and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 3.6. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (i)	If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 3.1 or 3.5 , as the case may be, in the future and (b) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (ii)	If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 , or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 48 

that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.1 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.5 and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (a) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuers), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.1 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.5 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

49 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 4.1. Initial Credit Extension . The Lenders and the Issuers shall not be required to make the initial Credit Extension hereunder unless the Borrower has made payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in immediately available funds the upfront fees payable under the Fee Letter and the Borrower has furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient copies for the Lenders: 
 (i)	Copies of the restated articles or certificate of incorporation of the Borrower, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good standing, each certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation, as well as any other information required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act or necessary for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify the identity of Borrower as required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act. 
 (ii)	Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, of its by laws and of its Board of Directors resolutions and of resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party. 
 (iii)	An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Authorized Officers and any other officers of the Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Borrower. 
 (iv)	A certificate, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, stating that on the date of this Agreement (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and correct in all material respects, (b) no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing, and (c) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent. 
 (v)	A written opinion of the Borrower s counsel, addressed to the Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit A . 
 (vi)	Any Note requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the order of such requesting Lender. 
 (vii)	(a) At least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (b) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (vii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 50 

(viii)	Evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding this Agreement. 
 (ix)	All fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (x)	Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may have reasonably requested. 
 4.2. Each Credit Extension . The Lenders and the Issuers shall not be required to make any Credit Extension unless on the date of such Credit Extension: 
 (i)	No Default or Unmatured Default exists or would result from such Credit Extension. 
 (ii)	The representations and warranties contained in Article V (other than, in the case of each Credit Extension to be made after the date of this Agreement, Sections 5.5 and 5.7 are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Credit Extension except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 
 (iii)	All legal matters incident to the making of such Credit Extension shall be satisfactory to the Lenders, the Issuers and their counsel (including evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding such Credit Extension). 
 Each delivery of a Borrowing Notice and each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been satisfied. Any Lender may require delivery of a duly completed compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B as a condition to making a Credit Extension. 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 5.1. Existence and Standing . Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary is a corporation, partnership (in the case of Principal Subsidiaries only) or limited liability company duly and properly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted other than where the failure to be so authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 51 

5.2. Authorization and Validity . The Borrower has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized by proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles. 
 5.3. No Conflict; Government Consent . Neither the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, nor the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions therein contemplated, nor compliance by the Borrower with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower s or any Principal Subsidiary s articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of organization, by laws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be, or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any Governmental Authority, or any subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, the borrowings under this Agreement, the payment and performance by the Borrower of the Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any of the Loan Documents. 
 5.4. Financial Statements . The December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Lenders were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date and the consolidated results of their operations for the period then ended. 
 5.5. Material Adverse Change . Since December 31, 2021, there has been no change in the business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.6. Taxes . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The United States income tax returns of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, are 
 52 

not subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are adequate. 
 5.7. Litigation and Contingent Obligations . There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the controller or the general counsel, overtly threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or which seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Credit Extension. Other than any liability incident to any litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower has no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 
 5.8. Subsidiaries . Schedule 5.8 contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the date of this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of their respective capital stock or other ownership interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of such Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non assessable. 
 5.9. ERISA . 
 (i)	Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, and to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
 (ii)	There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or actions by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (iii)	No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan, and the present value of 
 53 

all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Pension Plans (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans. 
 5.10. Accuracy of Information . 
 (i)	No information, exhibit or report furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in connection with the negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, contained any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in any material respect as of the time when made or delivered. 
 (ii)	As of the Restatement Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 
 5.11. 	 Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Advance or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 5.12. Compliance With Laws . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property except for any failure to comply with any of the foregoing which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.13. Ownership of Properties . On the date of this Agreement, the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have good title, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.13 , to all of the Property and assets reflected in the Borrower s most recent consolidated financial statements provided to the Administrative Agent as owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

54 

5.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 5.15. Environmental Matters . In the ordinary course of its business, the officers of the Borrower consider the effect of Environmental Laws on the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate potential risks and liabilities accruing to the Borrower due to Environmental Laws. On the basis of this consideration as of the date hereof, the Borrower has concluded that Environmental Laws cannot reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof. Except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, neither the Borrower nor any Principal Subsidiary has received any notice to the effect that its operations are not in material compliance with any of the requirements of applicable Environmental Laws or are the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non compliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.16. Investment Company Act . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.17. Insurance . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice. 
 5.18. Regulatory Approval . No consent, authorization or approval of, and/or filing or registration with, any governmental body or regulatory authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents or for the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, or for the validity or enforceability thereof. 
 5.19. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower s and the applicable Subsidiaries respective employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Advance, Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 55 

5.20. Affected Financial Institutions . The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.21. Solvency . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent as of the Restatement Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 
 During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 
 6.1. Financial Reporting . The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each Subsidiary, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Lenders: 
 (i)	Within 90 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, an unqualified (except for qualifications relating to changes in accounting principles or practices reflecting changes in generally accepted accounting principles and required or approved by the Borrower s independent certified public accountants) audit report certified by independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, prepared in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows. 
 (ii)	Within 45 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years, for itself and its Subsidiaries, consolidated unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and consolidated profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer. 
 (iii)	Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1 , if and so long as the Borrower shall file regular and periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 and 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, delivery to the Administrative Agent of copies of the Borrower s reports on Forms 10K and 10Q promptly following filing thereof with the SEC, but in any event not later than within the periods set forth in Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , shall constitute full compliance with those sections. 
 (iv)	Together with the financial statements required under Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B signed by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with this Agreement and stating that no Default or Unmatured Default exists, or if any Default or Unmatured Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 
 (v)	As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after the Borrower knows that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, a statement, signed by the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower, describing such Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 56 

(vi)	As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after receipt by the Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect that the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any Person as a result of the release by the Borrower, any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal, state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 (vii)	Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries files with the SEC. 
 (viii)	(a) Such other information (including non financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request and (b) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 6.2. Litigation . The Borrower shall promptly give to each Lender notice of all legal or arbitral proceedings, and of all proceedings before any Governmental Authority, to which the Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries is a party, except proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 6.3. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of the Advances and the Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes (in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Advance or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 6.4. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, give prompt notice in writing to the Lenders of: 
 (i)	The occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default of which the Borrower becomes aware and of any other development, financial or otherwise, of which the Borrower becomes aware 
 57 

which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 (ii)	Any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. 
 (iii)	The occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.5. Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, including reasonable extensions of such business, (b) do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing as a domestic corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and (c) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted and the failure so to maintain such authority would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that this Section shall not be deemed to prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.11 or 6.12 . 
 6.6. Taxes . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, timely file complete and correct United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax returns required by law and pay when due Taxes imposed upon it or upon its property, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or where nonpayment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.7. Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full information as to the insurance carried. 
 6.8. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, including all Environmental Laws, except where noncompliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

58 

6.9. Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property (except such Property the failure of which to maintain or preserve would not have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect) in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times; provided the foregoing shall not prevent the Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries from abandoning or disposing of any property that is no longer used or useful in its business or obsolete. 
 6.10. Inspection . Subject to Section 9.10 , the Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers at such reasonable times and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may designate. 
 6.11. Merger . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of its Subsidiaries in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or liquidate or dissolve, except that (i) a Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person; provided that, in each case, immediately before and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (A) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which the Borrower is a party, either (x) the Borrower shall be the surviving entity or (y) the surviving entity shall be an Eligible Successor and shall have assumed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the Letters of Credit pursuant to a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to it as to the enforceability of such obligations assumed and (B) subject to clause (A) above, in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which any Principal Subsidiary is a party, a Principal Subsidiary shall be the surviving entity. 
 6.12. Sale of Assets . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, make any Disposition, except: 
 (i)	Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business. 
 (ii)	Dispositions of assets which have become obsolete or no longer used or useful in the business of the Borrower or any such Principal Subsidiary. 
 (iii)	Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (A) such disposition is in the ordinary course of business or (B) such property is exchanged for credit against the 
 59 

purchase price of similar replacement property or the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property. 
 (iv)	Dispositions of Property by a Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Subsidiary. 
 (v)	Dispositions of Property that, together with all other Property of the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries previously leased, sold or disposed of (other than dispositions permitted by the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.12 as permitted by this Section during the twelve month period ending with the month in which any such lease, sale or other disposition occurs, do not constitute a Substantial Portion of the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 6.13. Liens . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, except: 
 (i)	Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its Property if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. 
 (ii)	Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s and mechanics liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. 
 (iii)	Liens arising out of pledges or deposits under worker s compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation. 
 (iv)	Liens incidental to the normal conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ownership of its property or the conduct of the ordinary course of its business, including (A) zoning restrictions, easements, rights of way, reservations, restrictions on the use of real property and other minor irregularities of title, (B) rights of lessees under leases, (C) rights of collecting banks having rights of setoff, revocation, refund or chargeback with respect to money or instruments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary on deposit with or in the possession of such banks, (D) Liens or deposits to secure the performance of statutory obligations, tenders, bids, leases, progress payments, performance or return-of-money bonds, performance or other similar bonds or other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (E) Liens required by any contract or statute in order to permit the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower to perform any contract or subcontract made by it with or pursuant to the requirements of a Governmental Authority, in each case which are not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money, the obtaining of advances or credit or the payment of the deferred purchase price of Property and which do not in the aggregate impair the use of property in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 (v)	Liens on property existing at the time of acquisition thereof or Liens affecting property of a Person existing at the time it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or at the time it is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that, in either case, such Liens were not granted in contemplation of such acquisition or in contemplation 
 60 

of the transaction pursuant to which such Person became a Subsidiary; and provided further that in either case, such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries other than the property that secured the acquired Indebtedness prior to the time such Indebtedness became Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 
 (vi)	Liens on property securing Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 12 months after the acquisition thereof for the purpose of financing all or part of the purchase price thereof, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any other property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Indebtedness secured thereby was incurred to pay, and does not exceed, the purchase price thereof. 
 (vii)	Liens on any improvements to property securing Indebtedness incurred to provide funds for all or part of the cost of such improvements in a principal amount not exceeding the cost of acquisition or construction of such improvements and incurred within 12 months after completion of such improvements or construction, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than such improvements. 
 (viii)	Liens to government entities granted to secure pollution control or industrial revenue bond financings, which Liens in each financing transaction cover only the property the acquisition of which, or the construction of which, was financed by such financing, and property related thereto. 
 (ix)	any Lien incurred or deposits to secure the performance of surety bonds incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, provided that such Liens shall cover only the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries interests in and relating to the contract underlying the transaction for which such surety bonds were issued. 
 (x)	Liens on cash or cash equivalents created or existing to secure stay or appeal bonds or otherwise resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate action promptly initiated and diligently conducted, including the Lien of any judgment; provided that the aggregate amount secured by all such Liens does not exceed 50,000,000. 
 (xi)	Liens securing any extension, renewal, replacement or refinancing of Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (v) , (vi) , (vii) , (viii) , and (xii); provided that 
 (A)	such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus improvements on such property) and 
 (B)	the amount secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the amount outstanding at the time of such renewal, replacement or refinancing. 
 (xii)	agreements for and obligations relating to the joint or common use of property owned by the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary in common or jointly with one or more other parties. 
 61 

(xiii)	Liens existing on the Restatement Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.13 . 
 6.14. Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Principal Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase or sale of any Property or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate except (i) in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Borrower s or such Principal Subsidiary s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, (ii) transactions with Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000 or (iii) pursuant to agreements or transactions authorized or approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin or federal utilities regulatory bodies (provided that in the case of any agreement or transaction having terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, such authorization or approval acknowledges the non arms length nature of such terms). 
 6.15. Financial Covenant . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of (i) its Consolidated Indebtedness to (ii) its Consolidated Total Capitalization to exceed 0.65 to 1.00 at any time. 
 ARTICLE VII DEFAULTS 
 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default: 
 7.1. The Borrower shall default in the payment of any principal of any Loan when due or in the payment of any Reimbursement Obligations within one Business Day after the same becomes due. 
 7.2. The Borrower shall default in the payment of interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by it hereunder and such default shall continue for two Business Days after the same becomes due and payable. 
 7.3. The Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall default in the payment when due of any principal of or interest on Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more if the effect of such default is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, such Indebtedness; or any event specified in any note, agreement, indenture or other document evidencing or relating to Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more shall occur if the effect of such event is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 
 7.4. Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made herein by the Borrower, or any certificate furnished to any Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions hereof, shall prove to have been false or misleading as of the time made, deemed made, or furnished in any material respect. 
 62 

7.5. The Borrower shall default in the performance of its obligations under Section 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.12 , 6.13 , 6.14 or 6.15 . 
 7.6. The Borrower shall default in the performance of any of its other obligations in this Agreement and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a senior officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such default, or (ii) the date on which notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent). 
 7.7. The Borrower shall admit in writing its inability to, or be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due. 
 7.8. The Borrower shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect), (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or readjustment of debts, (v) fail to controvert in a timely and appropriate manner, or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code, or (vi) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 
 7.9. A proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application or consent of the Borrower, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (i) its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up, or the composition or readjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of the Borrower or of all or any substantial part of its assets, or (iii) similar relief in respect of the Borrower under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or composition or adjustment of debts, and such proceeding or case shall continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief against the Borrower shall be entered in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 7.10. A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of 50,000,000 in the aggregate that is not covered by insurance, performance bonds or the like shall be rendered by a court or courts against the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, and the same shall not be discharged (or provision shall not be made for such discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, within 90 days from the date of entry thereof and the Borrower or the relevant Principal Subsidiary shall not, within such period of 90 days, or such longer period during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal. 
 7.11. Any of the following events shall occur with respect to any Pension Plan: 
 (i)	the institution of any steps by the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person to terminate a Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate 
 63 

could be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or could reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation to such Pension Plan, in excess of 50,000,000; or 
 (ii)	the complete or partial withdrawal from any Pension Plan by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate if, as a result of such withdrawal, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could incur any liability by such Pension Plan in excess of 50,000,000; or 
 (iii)	a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA; or 
 (iv)	an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.12. Any license, consent, authorization or approval, filing or registration now or hereafter necessary to enable the Borrower to comply with its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be revoked, withdrawn, withheld or not effected or shall cease to be in full force and effect. 
 7.13. A Change in Control shall occur. 
 7.14. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower or any other Person contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 
 8.1. Acceleration; Letter of Credit Account . If any Default described in Se ction 7.7 , 7.8 or 7.9 occurs with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligation and power of the Issuers to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer and the Borrower will be and become thereby unconditionally obligated, without any further notice, act or demand, to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount in immediately available funds, which funds shall be held in the LC Collateral Account, equal to the excess of the amount of Letter of Credit Obligations at such time over the amount on deposit in the LC Collateral Account at such time that is free and clear of all rights and claims of third parties and has not been applied against the Obligations (such excess, the Collateral Shortfall Amount ). If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) may (x) terminate or suspend the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligation and power of the Issuers to issue Letters of Credit, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives, and (y) upon notice to the 
 64 

Borrower and in addition to the continuing right to demand payment of all amounts payable under this Agreement, make demand on the Borrower to pay, and the Borrower will, forthwith upon such demand and without any further notice or act, pay to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds the Collateral Shortfall Amount, which funds shall be deposited in the LC Collateral Account. 
 If, within 30 days after acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations or termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Default (other than any Default as described in Section 7.7, 7.8 or 7.9 with respect to the Borrower) and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders (in their sole discretion) shall so direct, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, rescind and annul such acceleration and/or termination. 
 8.2. Amendments . Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 3.3 , the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any Default hereunder; provided that no such supplemental agreement shall: 
 (i)	without the consent of each Lender affected thereby: 
 (a)	extend the Facility Termination Date or the final maturity of any Loan, forgive all or any portion of the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of any interest or fees hereunder; 
 (b)	extend the expiry date of any Letter of Credit to a date after the Facility Termination Date; or 
 (c)	increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender; or 
 (d)	amend Section 11.2 ; or 
 (ii)	without the consent of all Lenders: 
 (a)	reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders; 
 (b)	permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement; 
 (c)	amend this Section 8.2 ; or 
 (d)	release any funds from the LC Collateral Account, except to the extent such release is expressly permitted hereunder. 
 No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Administrative Agent shall be effective without the written consent of the Administrative Agent, and no amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to any Issuer shall be effective without the written consent of such Issuer. The Administrative Agent may waive payment of the fee required under Section 
 65 

12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except for matters described in subsection (i) or clauses (c) and (d) of subsection (ii) of this Section 8.2 . 
 8.3. Preservation of Rights . No delay or omission of the Lenders, the Issuers or the Administrative Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of a Credit Extension notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2 , and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers until the Obligations have been paid in full. 
 ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 9.1. Survival of Representations . All representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive during the period that the Credit Extensions are outstanding. 
 9.2. Governmental Regulation . Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any applicable statute or regulation. 
 9.3. Entire Agreement . The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers relating to the subject matter thereof other than the Fee Letter. 
 9.4. Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement, provided that the parties hereto expressly agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.5 , 9.9 and 10.6 to the extent 
 66 

specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement. 
 9.5. Expenses; Indemnification . (i) The Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arranger for any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, syndication, distribution (including via the internet), review, amendment, modification, and administration of the Loan Documents. The Borrower also agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender and each Issuer for any costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including attorneys fees and time charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, such Lender and such Issuer, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, such Lender or such Issuer) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer in connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan Documents. Expenses being reimbursed by the Borrower under this Section include costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Reports described in the following sentence. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time JPMCB may prepare and may distribute to the Lenders (but shall have no obligation or duty to prepare or to distribute to the Lenders) certain audit reports (the Reports pertaining to the Borrower s assets for internal use by JPMCB from information furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower, after JPMCB has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (ii)	The Borrower hereby further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender, each Issuer, their respective affiliates, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender, any Issuer or any affiliate is a party thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by a third party, by the Borrower or by an affiliate of the Borrower. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 9.5 shall survive the payment of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (iii)	 Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.5 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuer and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against 
 67 

any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (iv)	To the extent permitted by applicable law (a) the Borrower shall not assert, and the Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (b) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this clause (iv)(b) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (v)	All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 9.6. Numbers of Documents . All statements, notices, closing documents, and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient counterparts so that the Administrative Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders. 
 9.7. Accounting . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, (i) any calculation or determination which is to be made on a consolidated basis shall exclude any assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that are included in Borrower s financial statements from variable interest entities as a result of the application of FIN No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities an Interpretation of ARB No. 51, as updated through FIN No. 46-R and as modified by FIN No. 94 and (ii) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such 
 68 

notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (a) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (b) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 9.8. Severability of Provisions . Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable. 
 9.9. Nonliability of Lenders . The relationship between the Borrower on the one hand and the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower s business or operations. The Borrower agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have liability to the Borrower (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential damages suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 9.10. Confidentiality . Each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of Information (as defined below) which it may receive from the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with any inspection conducted pursuant to Section 6.10 , except for disclosure (i) to its Affiliates, to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives of any of the foregoing (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to legal counsel, accountants, and other professional advisors to such Lender or to a Transferee, (iii) to regulatory 
 69 

officials, (iv) to any Person as requested pursuant to or as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal proceeding to which such Lender is a party, (vi) to such Lender s direct or indirect contractual counterparties in swap agreements or to legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors to such counterparties, (vii) permitted by Section 12.4 , (viii) with the consent of Borrower, and (ix) to the extent such Information (a) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (b) becomes available to any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, JPMCB or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information but no less than a reasonable degree of care. 
 9.11. Nonreliance . Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) for the repayment of the Loans provided for herein. 
 9.12. Disclosure . The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that JPMCB and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. 
 9.13. No Fiduciary Duty, etc . 
 (i)	The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other Person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 70 

(ii)	 The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 (iii)	In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 9.14. USA Patriot Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 9.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (i)	the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (ii)	the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (a)	a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 71 

(b)	a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (c)	the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 10.1. Authorization and Action . 
 (i)	Each Lender and each Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuer authorizes 
 72 

the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (ii)	As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuer; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (a) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuers with respect to such action or (b) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (iii)	In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuers (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 (a)	the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuer or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with 
 73 

reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; and 
 (b)	nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account; 
 (iv)	The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (v)	None of any Syndication Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (vi)	In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a)	to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, Letter of Credit Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.4 , 2.12 , 3.1 , 3.5 and 9.5 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b)	to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 74 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.5 ). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 (vii)	The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. 
 10.2. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc . 
 (i)	Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (a) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (ii)	The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuer, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (a) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (b) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (c) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (d) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, 
 75 

instrument or document, or (e) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii)	Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (a) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 12.1 , (b) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 12.2.1 , (c) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (d) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuer and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuer for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (e) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuer, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuer sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (f) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 10.3. Posting of Communications . 
 (i)	The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuers by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (ii)	Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Restatement Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 76 

(iii)	THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THROUGH AN ELECTRONIC SYSTEM OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 (iv)	Each Lender and each Issuer agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuer agrees (a) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuer s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (b) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (v)	Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (vi)	Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 
 77 

10.4. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans, LC Sublimit and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuer, as the case may be. The terms Issuers , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuer or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuers. 
 10.5. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 (i)	The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuers and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while a Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (ii)	Notwithstanding paragraph (i) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuers and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (x) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (y) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall 
 78 

directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuer. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.5 , as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 10.6. Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuers . 
 (i)	Each Lender represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (ii)	Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Restatement Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 (iii)	(a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any 
 79 

defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 10.6(iii) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b)	Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not pre-ceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c)	The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (d)	Each party s obligations under this Section 10.6(iii) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 10.7. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (i)	Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (a)	such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (b)	the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions 
 80 

involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (c)	(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (d)	such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (ii)	In addition, unless sub-clause (a) in the immediately preceding clause (i) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (d) in the immediately preceding clause (i) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 (iii)	The Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Syndication Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (a) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (b) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (c) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, 
 81 

processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 
 11.1. Setoff . In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Default occurs, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be due. 
 11.2. Ratable Payments . If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it upon its Outstanding Credit Exposure (other than payments received pursuant to Section 3.1 , 3.2 or 3.5 and payments made to any Issuer in respect of Reimbursement Obligations so long as the Lenders have not funded their participations therein) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure held by the other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender will hold its ratable proportion of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure. If any Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such collateral ratably in proportion to their Loans. In case any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall be made. 
 ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 
 12.1. Successors and Assigns . The terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in compliance with Section 12.3 . The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that clause (ii) of this Section 12.1 relates only to absolute assignments and does not prohibit assignments creating security interests, including (x) any pledge or assignment by any Lender of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve Bank or (y) in the case of a Lender which is a Fund, any pledge or assignment of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to its trustee in support of its obligation to its trustees; provided that no such pledge or assignment creating a security interest shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder unless and until the parties thereto have complied with the provisions of Section 12.3 . The Administrative Agent may treat the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until such Person complies 
 82 

with Section 12.3 ; provided that the Administrative Agent may in its discretion (but shall not be required to) follow instructions from the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note to direct payments relating to such Loan or Note to another Person. Any assignee of the rights to any Loan or any Note agrees by acceptance of such assignment to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent is the owner of the rights to any Loan (whether or not a Note has been issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of the rights to such Loan. 
 12.2. Participations . 
 12.2.1. Permitted Participants; Effect . Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuers, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuers and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 8.2 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.5 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 3.5(vi) (it being understood that the documentation required under Sections 3.5(vi) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.6 as if it were an assignee under Section 12.3 ; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.1 or 3.5 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.5(ii) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.1 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 11.2 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that 
 83 

such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 12.2.2. Voting Rights . Each Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other than any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any Credit Extension or Commitment in which such Participant has an interest which would require consent of all of the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 8.2 or of any other Loan Document. 
 12.2.3. Benefit of Setoff . The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall retain the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount of participating interests sold to each Participant. The Lenders agree to share with each Participant, and each Participant, by exercising the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 , agrees to share with each Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of setoff, such amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each Participant were a Lender. 
 12.3. Assignments . 
 12.3.1. Permitted Assignments . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more banks or other entities Purchasers ), other than an Ineligible Institution, all or any part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents. Such assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or in such other form as may be agreed to by the parties thereto. The consent of the Borrower, each Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided that if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall not be required. Such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each such assignment with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall (unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents) be in an amount not less than the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment (calculated as at the date of such assignment) or outstanding Loans (if the applicable Commitment has been terminated). 
 12.3.2. Effect; Effective Date . Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an assignment, together with any consents required by Section 12.3.1 , and (ii) payment of a 4,000 fee to the Administrative Agent for processing such assignment (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date specified in such assignment. The assignment shall contain a representation by the Purchaser to the effect that none of the consideration used to make the purchase of the Commitment and the Outstanding Credit Exposure under the applicable assignment agreement constitutes plan assets as defined 
 84 

under ERISA and that the rights and interests of the Purchaser in and under the Loan Documents will not be plan assets under ERISA. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by the Borrower, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment and the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure assigned to such Purchaser. Upon the consummation of any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 12.3.2 , the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall, if the Purchaser desires that its Loans be evidenced by a Note, make appropriate arrangements so that a Note is issued to such Purchaser. 
 12.3.3. Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 12.3.4. Resignation as Issuer . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time any Lender assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to this Section 12.3 , such Lender may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an Issuer. If any Lender so assigns all of its Commitment and Loans, it shall (i) retain all the rights and obligations of an Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it that are outstanding as of the effective date of such assignment (including the right to require the Lenders to fund risk participations in respect of such Letters of Credit) and (ii) have no right or obligation to issue Letters of Credit on or after the effective date of such assignment. 
 12.4. Dissemination of Information . The Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all information in such Lender s possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including any information contained in any Reports; provided that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.10 of this Agreement. 

85 

12.5. Tax Treatment . If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred to any Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with the provisions of Section 3.5(iv) . 
 12.6. Restriction on Transfer . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Lender may assign, sell a participation in or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof. 
 ARTICLE XIII NOTICES 
 13.1. Notices . 
 (i)	Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14 with respect to borrowing notices, all notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing or through any Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent and shall be given to such party: (x) in the case of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at its address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the case of any Lender, at its address or facsimile number set forth in its administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent or (z) in the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.1 . Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section and confirmation of receipt is received, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered (or, in the case of electronic transmission, received) at the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II shall not be effective until received. Notices delivered through any Electronic System or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, to the extent provided in paragraph (ii) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (ii) . 
 (ii)	Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, or pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (iii)	Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (y) notices or 
 86 

communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) , of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (x) and (y) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (iv)	Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 13.2. Change of Address . The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any Lender may each change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the other parties hereto. 
 ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or telephone that it has taken such action. 
 ARTICLE XV CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 15.1. CHOICE OF LAW . THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. 
 15.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON (OR IF SUCH COURT LACKS SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON), AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY (AND ANY 
 87 

SUCH CLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS BROUGHT AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES MAY ONLY) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH FEDERAL (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) OR WISCONSIN STATE COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ISSUER OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 15.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH ISSUER AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 ARTICLE XVI AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 The parties hereto agree that, on the Restatement Effective Date, the following transactions shall be deemed to occur automatically, without further action by any party hereto: 
 16.1. The Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of and pursuant to this Agreement and the terms of this Agreement shall replace and supersede the Existing Credit Agreement (which shall hereafter have no further effect upon the parties thereto other than with respect to any action, event, representation, warranty or covenant occurring, made or applying prior to the Restatement Effective Date). 
 16.2. All Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Loans under this Agreement. All issued and outstanding Letters of Credit issued pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement. All other Obligations existing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be outstanding under this Agreement and, in each case (i) are in all respects enforceable with only the terms thereof being modified as provided by this Agreement and (ii) shall in all respects be continuing after the Restatement Effective Date and shall be deemed to be Obligations governed 
 88 

by this Agreement. On the Restatement Effective Date, each Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement that has a Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall sell, assign and transfer, or purchase and assume, as the case may be, and receive payments from, or shall make payments to, the Administrative Agent such that after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases the Commitments will be held by the Lenders hereunder and each such Lender shall have funded its portion of its Commitment on the Restatement Effective Date. On the Restatement Effective Date, all outstanding Commitments, Loans and other outstanding advances under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be reallocated among the Lenders (including any newly added Lenders) under this Agreement in accordance with such Lenders respective revised Applicable Percentages. The assignments and purchases provided for in this Section 16.2 shall be without recourse, warranty or representation. The purchase price for each such assignment and purchase shall equal the principal amount of the Loan purchased and shall be payable to Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders. 
 16.3. All references to the Existing Credit Agreement or the Credit Agreement in the Existing Loan Documents executed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, whether on the Original Effective Date or at any time thereafter but prior to the Restatement Effective Date, shall be deemed to include references to this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 16.4. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing or termination of any of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date or a novation or payment and reborrowing of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date. 
 [Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 89 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 MGE ENERGY, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Jared J. Bushek			 
 Name: Jared J. Bushek			 
 Title: Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 
 133 S. Blair St. Madison, WI 53701 
 
 Attention:	Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 Telephone: 	608-252-7238 
 Fax:		608-252-7098 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 By: /s/ Jane M. Stava				 
 Name: Jane M. Stava Title: Vice President 
 
 111 East Wisconsin Avenue Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 Attention:	Jane M. Stava Telephone:	414-977-6757 Email:		jane.m.stava@chase.com 
 
 With a copy to: 
 
 22 East Mifflin Street, Suite 100 
 Madison, WI 53703 
 Attention:	David Slezewski Telephone:	608-282-6575 Email:		david.n.slezewski@chase.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Bank of America, N.A. , as Syndication Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 /s/ Michael J. Haas			 
 By: Michael J. Haas 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 110 N. Wacker Dr., 8th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 
 Attention: Michael J. Haas Telephone: 312-992-7064 Email:	 michael.haas@bofa.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

U.S. Bank NationAL Association , as Syndication Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 /s/ Kevin S. Murphy			 
 By: Kevin S. Murphy 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 3 Bryant Park 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas, 15 th Floor 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 Attention: 	Kevin S. Murphy Telephone:	917.326.3912 Email:		kevin.murphy4@usbank.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE I 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 

Lender 
 Commitment 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 25,000,000 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 12,500,000 

U.S. Bank National Association 
 12,500,000 

TOTAL 
 50,000,000 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

Status 
 Level I Status 
 Level II Status 
 Level III Status 
 Level IV Status 
 Level V Status 

Term Benchmark and RFR Margin/Letter of Credit Fee Rate 
 0.625 
 0.750 
 0.875 
 1.000 
 1.125 

Base Rate Margin 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.125 

Commitment Fee Rate 
 0.050 
 0.060 
 0.075 
 0.100 
 0.125 

The Term Benchmark and RFR Margin, the Base Rate Margin, the Commitment Fee Rate and the Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Madison Gas Status as determined from its then-current Moody s and S P Ratings. The credit rating in effect on any date for the purposes of this Schedule is that in effect at the close of business on such date. If at any time Madison Gas has no Moody s Rating or no S P Rating, but has a Rating, the Status shall be determined based on the Rating that is then in effect. If at any time Madison Gas has no Moody s Rating and no S P Rating, Level V Status shall exist. 
 	 
 	 Level I Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Moody s Rating is Aa2 or better or the S P Rating is AA or better. 
 
 	 Level II Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is Aa3 or better or the S P Rating is AA- or better. 
 
 	 Level III Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status or Level II Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A1 or better or the S P Rating is A+ or better. 
 
 	 Level IV Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I, Level II or Level III Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A2 or better or the S P Rating is A or better. 
 
 	 Level V Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Borrower has not qualified for any other Status. 
 
 	 Moody s Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and then in effect with respect to Madison Gas senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 
 	 Rating means the S P Rating or the Moody s Rating. 

S P Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Standard and Poor s Rating Services, a Standard Poor Financial Services, LLC business, and then in effect with respect to Madison Gas senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 
 	 Status means Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status. 
 
 	If Madison Gas is split-rated and the ratings differential is one level, the better Rating will apply. If Madison Gas is split-rated and the ratings differential is two levels or more, the intermediate rating at the midpoint will apply. If there is no midpoint, the higher of the intermediate ratings will apply. 

Schedule 2.17 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit 
 
 None. 

Schedule 5.8 
 
 Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Percentage Owned 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

Central Wisconsin Development Corporation 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MAGAEL, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE Power LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE Power Elm Road, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE Power West Campus, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE Transco Investment, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGEE Transco, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

North Mendota Energy Technology Park, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE State Energy Services, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

State Energy Services, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

MGE Services, LLC 
 Wisconsin 
 100 

Schedule 6.13 
 
 Liens 
 
 Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust. dated as of January 1, 1946, between Madison Gas and Electric Company and Firstar Trust Company, as Trustee. 
 Amended and Restated Leasehold Mortgage with Assignment of Rents dated as of October 27, 2005 from MGE Power West Campus, LLC, as Mortgagor, to U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity, except as expressly stated herein, but solely as Indenture Trustee under the Trust Indenture dated as of September 30, 2003 between MGE Power West Campus, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 
 Collateral Trust Indenture, Security and Assignment Agreement dated as of February 3, 2010 among MGE Power Elm Road, LLC, the Secured Parties from time to time parties thereto, and 
 U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral trustee, as amended by the Joinder to Collateral Trust Indenture, Security and Assignment Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2011. 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF OPINION 
 [Omitted] 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 [DATE] 
 To:	The Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement Described Below 
 This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the Agreement among MGE Energy, Inc. (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 
 1. I am the duly elected __________ of the Borrower; 
 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements; 
 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Unmatured Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; and 
 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the Borrower s compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 
 [5. Schedule II attached hereto sets forth the various reports and deliveries which are required at this time under the Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the status of compliance.] 
 Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

B- 1 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Compliance Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered as of the date first set forth above. 

Name: 
 Title: 

B- 2 

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Compliance as of _________, ____ with Provisions of ____ and ______ of the Agreement 

B- 3 

SCHEDULE II TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Reports and Deliveries Currently Due 

B- 4 

EXHIBIT C 
 ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the Assignor and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, the interest in and to all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto that represents the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of the Assignor s outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guaranties included in such facilities and, to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims (including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity), suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor against any Person whether known or unknown arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby) (the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 1.	Assignor:	 						 
 
 2.	Assignee:	 						 
 
 3.	Borrower:	MGE Energy, Inc. 
 
 4.	Administrative 
 	Agent:		JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 5.	Credit Agreement:	Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 6.	Assigned Interest: 

C- 1 

Facility Assigned 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 1 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

7.	Trade Date: 2 
 Effective Date: ____________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.] 
 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 
 
 By: 					 					Title: 
 
 ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 
 
 By: 						 	Title: 
 [Consented to and] 3 Accepted: 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: 					 Title: 
 
 [Consented to:] 4 

Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 
 1. Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 

2. Insert if satisfaction of minimum amounts is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 

3. To be added only if the consent of the Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

4. To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. an Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

C- 2 

[NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY] 
 
 By: 					 Title: 

C- 3 

ANNEX 1 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 
 		1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 		1.2.	 Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iii) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(i) and (ii) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and (iv) if it is a non-U.S. Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 2.	 Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
 
 3.	 General Provisions . This Assignment shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment by telecopy shall be effective as 
 
 C- 1 

delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment. This Assignment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Wisconsin. 

C- 2 

EXHIBIT D 
 LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
 To	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agen t under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 Re:	Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as the same may be amended or modified, the Credit Agreement ), among MGE Energy, Inc. (the Borrower ), the Lenders named therein and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent is specifically authorized and directed to act upon the following standing money transfer instructions with respect to the proceeds of Advances or other extensions of credit from time to time until receipt by the Administrative Agent of a specific written revocation of such instructions by the Borrower, provided that the Administrative Agent may otherwise transfer funds as hereafter directed in writing by the Borrower in accordance with Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement or based on any telephonic notice made in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement. 
 Facility Identification Number(s) __________________________________________________ 
 Customer/Account Name ________________________________________________________ 
 Transfer Funds To ______________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________ 
 For Account No. _______________________________________________________________ 
 Reference/Attention To __________________________________________________________ 
 Authorized Officer (Customer Representative) Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 Bank Officer Name Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 
 (Deliver Completed Form to Credit Support Staff For Immediate Processing) 

D- 1 

EXHIBIT E NOTE 
 [Date] 
 MGE Energy, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (the Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of ____________________________________ (the Lender the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in immediately available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent determined pursuant to the terms of the Agreement referred to below, together with interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in the Agreement. The Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans in full on the Facility Termination Date. 
 The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice, the date and amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each principal payment hereunder. 
 This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (which, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the Agreement ), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, including the Lender, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, to which Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date accelerated. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement. 
 MGE ENERGY, INC. 

By: 						 Print Name: 					 Title: 						 

E- 1 

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL TO NOTE OF MGE ENERGY, INC., DATED _____________, 

Date 
 Principal Amount of Loan 
 Maturity of Interest Period 
 Principal Amount Paid 
 Unpaid Balance 

E- 2 
 
 EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF INCREASE REQUEST 
 [__________ __], 20[__] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among MGE Energy, Inc. (the Borrower ), various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 In accordance with Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby requests an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________. Such increase shall be made by [increasing the Commitment of ____________ from ________ to ________] [adding _____________ as an Additional Lender under the Credit Agreement with a Commitment of ____________] as set forth in the letter attached hereto. Such increase shall be effective three Business Days after the date that the Administrative Agent acknowledges receipt of the letter attached hereto or such other date as is agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the [increasing] [Additional] Lender. 
 Very truly yours, 
 MGE Energy, Inc . 
 
 By: __________________________________							Name: ________________________________ 
 Title: _________________________________					 
 
 F- 1 
 
 ANNEX 1 TO EXHIBIT F 
 [Date] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the letter dated __________, 20__ from MGE Energy, Inc. (the Borrower requesting an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________ pursuant to Section 2.18 of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby confirms that it has agreed to increase its Commitment under the Credit Agreement from __________ to __________ effective on the date which is three Business Days after the acknowledgment of receipt hereof by the Administrative Agent or on such other date as may be agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the undersigned. 
 Very truly yours, 
 [NAME OF INCREASING LENDER] 
 
 By:__________________________ 
 Name: _______________________ 
 Title:________________________ 
 Receipt acknowledged as of 
 _____________, 20___ 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By: ___________________________________ 
 Name: ________________________________ 					 
 Title: _________________________________ 

F- 2 
 
 ANNEX 2 TO EXHIBIT F 
 [Date] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the letter dated __________, 20___ from MGE Energy, Inc. (the Borrower requesting an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________ pursuant to Section 2.18 of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby confirms that it has agreed to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement with a Commitment of __________ effective on the date which is three Business Days after the consent hereto by the Administrative Agent and each Issuer and the acknowledgement of receipt hereof by the Administrative Agent, or on such other date as may be agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the undersigned. 
 The undersigned (a) acknowledges that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits thereto, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit and legal analysis and decision to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement; and (b) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit and legal decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned represents and warrants that (i) it is duly organized and existing and it has full power and authority to take, and has taken, all action necessary to execute and deliver this letter and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement; and (ii) no notices to, or consents, authorizations or approvals of, any Person are required (other than any already given or obtained) for its due execution and delivery of this letter and the performance of its obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned agrees to execute and deliver such other instruments, and take such other actions, as the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this letter. 
 
 F- 3 
 
 The following administrative details apply to the undersigned: 
 (A)	Notice Address: 
 Legal name: __________________________ 
 Address: 	_______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 Attention: _____________________________ 
 Telephone: (___) _______________________ 
 Facsimile: (___) ______________________ 
 (B)	Payment Instructions: 
 Account No.: ___________________________ 
 At:	__________________________ 
 ___________________________ 
 ___________________________ 
 Reference: ___________________________ 
 Attention: ___________________________ 
 The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that, on the date on which the undersigned becomes a Lender under the Credit Agreement as set forth in the second paragraph hereof, the undersigned (a) will be bound by the terms of the Credit Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned were an original Lender under the Credit Agreement and (b) will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 This letter shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this letter by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this letter. This letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Wisconsin. 
 Very truly yours, 
 [NAME OF NEW LENDER] 
 
 By:_________________________ 
 Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ 
 
 F- 4 
 
 Acknowledged and consented to as of 
 ______________, 20___ 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: ___________________________________ 
 Name: ________________________________ 	 
 Title: _________________________________ 
 [ISSUERS] 

F- 5 
 
 EXHIBIT G-1 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among MGE Energy, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G-1 
 
 EXHIBIT G-2 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among MGE Energy, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT ] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G-2 
 
 EXHIBIT G-3 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among MGE Energy, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G-3 
 
 EXHIBIT G-4 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among MGE Energy, Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 
 G-4 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 mgee-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.2 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 8, 2022 
 AMONG 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY, AS BORROWER, 

THE LENDERS, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
 AND 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 AS SYNDICATION AGENTS, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS LEAD ARRANGER AND SOLE BOOK RUNNER 

Table of Contents 
 Page 

ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS; ETC 
 1 

1.1. 
 Definitions 
 1 

1.2. 
 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 24 

1.3. 
 Other Interpretative Provisions 
 24 

1.4. 
 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 
 24 

ARTICLE II 
 THE CREDITS 
 25 

2.1. 
 The Facility 
 25 

2.2. 
 Advances 
 25 

2.3. 
 Method of Borrowing 
 26 

2.4. 
 Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment 
 27 

2.5. 
 Minimum Amount of Each Advance 
 27 

2.6. 
 Optional Principal Payments 
 27 

2.7. 
 Changes in Interest Rate, etc 
 27 

2.8. 
 Rates Applicable After Default 
 28 

2.9. 
 Method of Payment 
 28 

2.10. 
 Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness 
 28 

2.11. 
 Telephonic Notices 
 29 

2.12. 
 Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis 
 29 

2.13. 
 Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions 
 30 

2.14. 
 Lending Installations 
 30 

2.15. 
 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 
 30 

2.16. 
 Extension of Facility Termination Date 
 30 

2.17. 
 Letters of Credit 
 31 

2.18. 
 Increase in Aggregate Commitment 
 36 

2.19. 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 37 

ARTICLE III 
 INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 40 

3.1. 
 Increased Costs 
 40 

3.2. 
 Break Funding Payments 
 41 

3.3. 
 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 42 

3.4. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 

3.5. 
 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 
 44 

3.6. 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 48 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 
 ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

ARTICLE IV 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 49 

4.1. 
 Initial Credit Extension 
 49 

4.2. 
 Each Credit Extension 
 51 

ARTICLE V 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 51 

5.1. 
 Existence and Standing 
 51 

5.2. 
 Authorization and Validity 
 51 

5.3. 
 No Conflict; Government Consent 
 52 

5.4. 
 Financial Statements 
 52 

5.5. 
 Material Adverse Change 
 52 

5.6. 
 Taxes 
 52 

5.7. 
 Litigation and Contingent Obligations 
 53 

5.8. 
 Subsidiaries 
 53 

5.9. 
 ERISA 
 53 

5.10. 
 Accuracy of Information 
 54 

5.11. 
 Margin Regulations 
 54 

5.12. 
 Compliance With Laws 
 54 

5.13. 
 Ownership of Properties 
 54 

5.14. 
 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 
 54 

5.15. 
 Environmental Matters 
 55 

5.16. 
 Investment Company Act 
 55 

5.17. 
 Insurance 
 55 

5.18. 
 Regulatory Approval 
 55 

5.19. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 55 

5.20. 
 Affected Financial Institutions 
 55 

5.21. 
 Solvency 
 55 

ARTICLE VI 
 COVENANTS 
 56 

6.1. 
 Financial Reporting 
 56 

6.2. 
 Litigation 
 57 

6.3. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 57 

6.4. 
 Notices of Material Events 
 57 

6.5. 
 Conduct of Business 
 58 

6.6. 
 Taxes 
 58 

ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

6.7. 
 Insurance 
 58 

6.8. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 58 

6.9. 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 58 

6.10. 
 Inspection 
 59 

6.11. 
 Merger 
 59 

6.12. 
 Sale of Assets 
 59 

6.13. 
 Liens 
 60 

6.14. 
 Affiliates 
 61 

6.15. 
 Financial Covenant 
 62 

ARTICLE VII 
 DEFAULTS 
 62 

ARTICLE VII 
 ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 
 64 

8.1. 
 Acceleration; Letter of Credit Account 
 64 

8.2. 
 Amendments 
 65 

8.3. 
 Preservation of Rights 
 66 

ARTICLE IX 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 66 

9.1. 
 Survival of Representations 
 66 

9.2. 
 Governmental Regulation 
 66 

9.3. 
 Entire Agreement 
 66 

9.4. 
 Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement 
 66 

9.5. 
 Expenses; Indemnification 
 67 

9.6. 
 Numbers of Documents 
 68 

9.7. 
 Accounting 
 68 

9.8. 
 Severability of Provisions 
 69 

9.9. 
 Nonliability of Lenders 
 69 

9.10. 
 Confidentiality 
 69 

9.11. 
 Nonreliance 
 70 

9.12. 
 Disclosure 
 70 

9.13. 
 No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 
 70 

9.14. 
 USA Patriot Act 
 71 

9.15. 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 71 

9.16. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 72 

iii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

9.17. 
 Additional Covenants and Defaults 
 72 

ARTICLE X 
 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 73 

10.1. 
 Authorization and Action 
 73 

10.2. 
 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc. 
 76 

10.3. 
 Posting of Communications. 
 77 

10.4. 
 The Administrative Agent Individually. 
 78 

10.5. 
 Successor Administrative Agent. 
 79 

10.6. 
 Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuers. 
 79 

10.7. 
 Certain ERISA Matters. 
 81 

ARTICLE XI 
 SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 
 82 

11.1. 
 Setoff 
 82 

11.2. 
 Ratable Payments 
 83 

ARTICLE XII 
 BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 
 83 

12.1. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 83 

12.2. 
 Participations 
 84 

12.3. 
 Assignments 
 85 

12.4. 
 Dissemination of Information 
 86 

12.5. 
 Tax Treatment 
 86 

12.6. 
 Restriction on Transfer 
 86 

ARTICLE XIII 
 NOTICES 
 86 

13.1. 
 Notices 
 86 

13.2. 
 Change of Address 
 87 

ARTICLE XIV 
 COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 88 

ARTICLE XV 
 CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 88 

15.1. 
 CHOICE OF LAW 
 88 

15.2. 
 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 
 88 

15.3. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 89 

ARTICLE XVI 
 AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 89 

iv 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule I		Lenders and Commitments Pricing Schedule 
 Schedule 2.17		Existing Letters of Credit 
 Schedule 5.8		Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.13		Liens 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A		Form of Opinion of Borrower s Counsel Exhibit B		Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit C		Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit D		Form of Loan/Credit Related Money Transfer Instruction Exhibit E		Form of Note 
 Exhibit F		Form of Increase Request 
 Exhibit G		Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 
 v 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022, is among Madison Gas and Electric Company, the Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, as Administrative Agent. 
 R E C I T A L S: 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 7, 2019 by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Existing Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders provide certain loans and other financial accommodations to the Borrower; 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety to, among other things, extend the term of the revolving credit facility to the Borrower; and 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing, the parties hereto agree that upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 , the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety and superseded by this Agreement; provided, however, the obligation to repay the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement and corresponding Loan Documents. 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; ETC. 

1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement: 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any RFR Advance, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 	 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance for any Interest Period or for any Floating Rate Advance based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMCB in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article X , and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Article X . 
 1 

Advance means a borrowing hereunder (i) made by the Borrower from the Lenders on the same Borrowing Date, or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same date of conversion or continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term Benchmark Advances, for the same Interest Period. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. 
 Agent Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.5(iii) . 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders, in the initial aggregate amount of 60,000,000, as changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate of the Outstanding Credit Exposure of all Lenders. 
 Agreement means this Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ; provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.3 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3(ii) ), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anniversary Date is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Parties is defined in Section 10.3(iii) . 
 2 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.19 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Approved Electronic Platform is defined in Section 10.3(i) . 
 Arranger means JPMCB and its successors, in its capacity as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner. 
 Authorized Officer means any of the Chairman, President, Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Borrower, or any individual certified in writing by one of the aforementioned officers, in each case, acting singly. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.3(v) . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any 
 3 

order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person . 
 Base Rate Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.3(ii) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date, 
 (a) the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or 

(b) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities in the United States at such time; and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such 
 4 

Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 (1)	in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); and 
 (2)	in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 5 

(1)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.3 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 6 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower means Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation, and its successors and assigns. 
 Borrowing Date means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder. 
 Borrowing Notice is defined in Section 2.2.3 . 
 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system. 
 Capitalized Lease of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Change in Control means (i) that MGE Energy, Inc. shall own less than 100 of the voting equity interests of the Borrower or (ii) the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 30 or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or, in the case of any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender (or any Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after such date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral Shortfall Amount is defined in Section 8.1 . 
 7 

Commitment means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans and to issue or participate in Letters of Credit in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule I hereto or as set forth in any assignment agreement relating to any assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 12.3.2 , as such amount may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.3(iii) . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Indebtedness means at any time the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 Consolidated Net Worth means at any time the consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 Consolidated Total Capitalization means at any time the sum of Consolidated Indebtedness and Consolidated Net Worth, each calculated at such time. 
 Contingent Obligation of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the Indebtedness of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including any comfort letter, operating agreement, take or pay contract or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership. 
 Conversion/Continuation Notice is defined in Section 2.2.4 . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (i)	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 (ii)	a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 (iii)	a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 8 

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Credit Extension means the making of an Advance or the issuance of a Letter of Credit. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuer or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), SOFR for the day that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Declining Lender is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Default means an event described in Article VII . 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and any issuance of capital stock or other equity interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any 
 9 

sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Dollars , dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for the Borrower and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Issuer and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Successor means a Person that (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or business trust duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of one of the states of the United States or the District of Columbia, (ii) as a result of a contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will succeed to all or substantially all of the consolidated business and assets of the Borrower, (iii) upon giving effect to such contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will have all or substantially all of its consolidated business and assets 
 10 

conducted and located in the United States and (iv) in the case of the Borrower, is acceptable to the Required Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to (i) the protection of the environment, (ii) the effect of the environment on human health, (iii) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes into surface water, ground water or land, or (iv) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan; (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Pension Plan or Pension Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 Existing Lenders has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 Existing Letters of Credit is defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed 
 11 

on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.6(ii) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.5 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.5(vi) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Extension Request is defined in Section 2.16 . 
 Facility Termination Date means November 8, 2027 or any later date that is specified as the Facility Termination Date in accordance with Section 2.16 or any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of October 28, 2022, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and Madison Gas. 
 Floating Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate for such day, in each case changing when and as the Alternate Base Rate changes. 
 Floating Rate Advance means an Advance which bears interest based on the Floating Rate. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as 
 12 

applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be zero. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Indebtedness of a Person means, without duplication, such Person s (i) obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of Property or services, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on, or payable out of the proceeds or production from, Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vii) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial accommodation which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (viii) Contingent Obligations in respect of any type of obligation described in any of the other clauses of this definition, (ix) obligations in respect of letters of credit (excluding obligations in respect of letters of credit supporting timely construction payments under a generation/transmission agreement with American Transmission Company, LLC or under similar agreements with American Transmission Company, LLC or other parties), (x) obligations in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions and (xi) Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities. Obligations of any Person that would constitute Indebtedness solely because of such Person s capacity as a general partner of a partnership that incurred such Indebtedness shall not constitute Indebtedness of such Person if such Indebtedness in non-recourse to the partnership and neither such Person nor any Subsidiary thereof has any Contingent Obligations with respect to such Indebtedness. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.5(ii) . 
 13 

Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender parent, (c) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided that, with respect to clause (c) , such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance, the period commencing on the date of such Advance and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability of the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Revolving Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.3(v) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice. For purposes hereof, the date of an Advance initially shall be the date on which such Advance is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Advance. 
 Issuer means each of JPMCB, Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuer, each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.17(c) . Any Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuer, in which case the term Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuer in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuer with respect thereto. 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the related Letter Credit Application and any other document, agreement or instrument entered into by the applicable Issuer and the Borrower or in favor of the applicable Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. 
 LC Collateral Account is defined in Section 2.17(l) . 
 LC Commitment means, for any Issuer, the maximum amount of Letter of Credit Obligations that such Issuer has agreed may be outstanding under all Letters of Credit issued by 
 14 

such Issuer. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the respective LC Commitments for the Issuers are (a) 13,500,000 for JPMCB, (b) 8,250,000 for Bank of America, N.A. and (c) 8,250,000 for U.S. Bank National Association. The Borrower and any Issuer may from time to time agree in writing to increase or decrease such Issuer s LC Commitment without the consent or approval of any other Person. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Sublimit means 60,000,000. 
 Lenders means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuers. 
 Lending Installation means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Administrative Agent listed on the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 Letter of Credit is defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Letter of Credit Application is defined in Section 2.17(d) . 
 Letter of Credit Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Fee Rate means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Letter of Credit Obligations means, at any time, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate undrawn stated amount of all Letters of Credit at such time plus (ii) the aggregate unpaid amount of all Reimbursement Obligations at such time. 
 Lien means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement). 
 Loan means, with respect to a Lender, a loan made by such Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof). 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note issued pursuant to Section 2.10 , each Letter of Credit and each Letter of Credit Application. 
 15 

Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 Modification and Modify are defined in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Note means any promissory note in the form of Exhibit E hereto issued at the request of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 to evidence its Loans. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all Reimbursement Obligations and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of the Borrower to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuer or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (i) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability under any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which is not a Capitalized Lease, (iii) any liability under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, but excluding from this clause (iv) Operating Leases. 
 16 

Operating Lease of a Person means any lease of Property (other than a Capitalized Lease) by such Person as lessee which has an original term (including any required renewals and any renewals effective at the option of the lessor) of one year or more. 
 Original Effective Date means June 1, 2015. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.5 ). 
 Outstanding Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of its Loans outstanding at such time, plus (ii) its LC Exposure at such time. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Participants is defined in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Patriot Act is defined in Section 9.14 . 
 Payment Date means the last day of each month. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means a pension plan as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA (including any Multiemployer Plan), which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code, and to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may have liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA. 
 17 

Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pricing Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the FRB (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (i) which together with its Subsidiaries has assets having an aggregate book value exceeding 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) which together with its Subsidiaries had net income in excess of 10 of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters. 
 Property of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Purchasers is defined in Section 12.3.1 . 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuer, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.3.3 . 
 18 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Reimbursement Obligations means, at any time, the aggregate of all obligations of the Borrower then outstanding under Section 2.17 to reimburse the Issuers for amounts paid by the Issuers in respect of any one or more drawings under Letters of Credit. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, and (ii) with respect to any RFR Advance, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event, provided, that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Code. 
 Reports is defined in Section 9.5 . 
 Required Lenders means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 51 of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 51 of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure; provided that, as long as there are only two Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders. Any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 19 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.1 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 8.2 ). 
 RFR when used in reference to any Loan or Advance, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Advance, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Floating Rate Loan or Advance). 
 S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of Property by any Person with the intent to lease such Property as lessee. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 20 

SOFR Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule. 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Solvent means, at to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50 of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Substantial Portion means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, Property which represents more than 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or property which is responsible for more than 10 of the consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the beginning of the twelve-month period ending with the month in which such determination is made (or if financial statements have not been delivered hereunder for that month which begins the twelve-month period, then the financial statements delivered hereunder for the quarter ending immediately prior to that month). 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 Syndication Agents means Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, and any and all liabilities with respect to the foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 
 21 

Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Advance, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Advance, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term Benchmark Advance means an Advance which bears interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Transferee is defined in Section 12.4 . 
 Type means, with respect to any Advance, whether the rate of interest on the Loans comprising such Advance, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 22 

U.S. Bank Facility means the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of the Restatement Effective Date among the Borrower, various financial institutions and U.S. Bank, National Association (or any successor), as administrative agent. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16 . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.5(vi)(b)(ii)(3) . 
 Unmatured Default means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default. 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the outstanding voting securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization 100 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

23 

1.2. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

1.3. Other Interpretative Provisions . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context requires, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed to refer to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless another document is specifically referenced and (iii) any reference to any law or regulation shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, supplementing, reforming, replacing or interpreting such law or regulation. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the word to means to but excluding . Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

1.4. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.3(ii) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

24 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 

2.1. The Facility . 

2.1.1. Description of Facility . The Lenders grant to the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, (a) each Lender severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2 and (b) each Issuer agrees to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower from time to time (and each Lender severally agrees to participate in each such Letter of Credit as more fully set forth in Section 2.17 ). 

2.1.2. Limitations on Outstandings . In no event may (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitment or (b) the Outstanding Credit Exposure of any Lender at any time exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment. 

2.1.3. Availability of Facility . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the facility is available from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, and the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow at any time prior to the Facility Termination Date. The Commitments shall expire on the Facility Termination Date. 

2.1.4. Repayment of Facility; Deposit of Cash Collateral . Any outstanding Advances and all other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the Facility Termination Date and on such date the Borrower will deposit into the LC Collateral Account an amount in immediately available funds equal to the aggregate stated amount of all Letters of Credit that will remain outstanding after the Facility Termination Date. 

2.2. Advances . 

2.2.1. Advances . Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the ratio that their respective Commitments bear to the Aggregate Commitment. 

2.2.2. Types of Advances . The Advances may be Floating Rate Advances or Term Benchmark Advances, or a combination thereof, selected by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2.3 . 

2.2.3. Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for Advances . The Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Term Benchmark Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto, from time to time. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Borrowing Notice not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) (x) on the Borrowing Date of each Floating Rate Advance and (y) at least three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Term Benchmark Advance. A Borrowing Notice shall specify: 

(i) the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance, 

(ii) the aggregate amount of such Advance, 

25 

(iii) the Type of Advance selected, and 

(iv) in the case of each Term Benchmark Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not end after the Facility Termination Date). 

2.2.4. Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances . Floating Rate Advances shall continue as Floating Rate Advances unless and until such Floating Rate Advances are either converted into Term Benchmark Advances in accordance with this Section 2.2.4 or are repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 . Each Term Benchmark Advance shall continue as a Term Benchmark Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Term Benchmark Advance shall be automatically continued as a Term Benchmark Advance with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such Term Benchmark Advance is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 or (y) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Term Benchmark Advance continue as a Term Benchmark Advance for the same or another Interest Period. Subject to the terms of Section 2.5 , the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Floating Rate Advance into a Term Benchmark Advance. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Conversion/Continuation Notice of each conversion of a Floating Rate Advance into a Term Benchmark Advance, or continuation of a Term Benchmark Advance, not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation, specifying: 

(i) the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion or continuation, 

(ii) the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be converted or continued, and 

(iii) the amount of such Advance(s) which is to be converted into or continued as a Term Benchmark Advance and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

2.3. Method of Borrowing . Not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in Chicago to the Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII. The Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the Lenders available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 

26 

2.4. Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily unused amount of such Lender s Commitment from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, payable on the last day of each calendar quarter hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date; provided that the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay a commitment fee for the account of any Lender with respect to any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. The Borrower may permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders in an amount equal to 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess of 5,000,000 upon at least two Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided, that the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may not be reduced below the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure. All accrued commitment fees shall be payable on the effective date of any termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 

2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance . Each Term Benchmark Advance shall be in the amount of 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000), and each Floating Rate Advance shall be in the amount of (i) 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000) or, if applicable, (ii) the amount of then outstanding commercial paper being repaid with the proceeds of such Floating Rate Advance, provided that any Floating Rate Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower shall not request a Term Benchmark Advance if, after giving effect to the requested Term Benchmark Advance, more than ten separate Term Benchmark Advances would be outstanding. 

2.6. Optional Principal Payments . The Borrower may from time to time pay on any Business Day, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Advances, or, in the amount of 1,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of the outstanding Floating Rate Advances upon notice to the Administrative Agent (not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time)) on the proposed day of payment. The Borrower may from time to time pay, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.2 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Term Benchmark Advances or, in the amount of 1,000,000 (or, if less, the outstanding amount of any Term Benchmark Advance) or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of any outstanding Term Benchmark Advance upon two Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent. 

2.7. Changes in Interest Rate, etc. Each Floating Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Advance is made or is converted from a Term Benchmark Advance into a Floating Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 to the date it becomes due or is converted into a Term Benchmark Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 , at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate plus the Base Rate Margin for such day. Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as a Floating Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate. Each Term Benchmark Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to the last day of such Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus the SOFR Margin for each such day. No Interest Period may end after the Facility Termination Date. 

27 

2.8. Rates Applicable After Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.2.3 or Section 2.2.4 , during the continuance of a Default or Unmatured Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that no Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as a Term Benchmark Advance. During the continuance of a Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i) each Term Benchmark Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 1.5 per annum, (ii) each Floating Rate Advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate in effect from time to time, plus the Base Rate Margin, plus 1.5 per annum and/or (iii) the Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be increased by 1.5 per annum, provided that, during the continuance of a Default under Section 7.7 or 7.8 , the interest rates set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above and the increase in the Letter of Credit Fee Rate set forth in clause (iii) above shall be applicable to all applicable Credit Extensions without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

2.9. Method of Payment . All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s address specified pursuant to Article XIII , or at any other Lending Installation of the Administrative Agent specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, by noon (local time) on the date when due and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders. Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Administrative Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Administrative Agent from such Lender. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to automatically charge any account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder. 

2.10. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness . (i) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(ii) The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (b) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder, (c) the original stated amount of each Letter of Credit and the amount of Letter of Credit Obligations outstanding and (d) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 

(iii) The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein 

28 

recorded; provided, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms. 

(iv) Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by Notes. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 be represented by a Note payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 12.3 , except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above. 

2.11. Telephonic Notices . The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances, and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Administrative Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of the Borrower, it being understood that the foregoing authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices and Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically. The Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall govern absent manifest error. 

2.12. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis . Interest accrued on each Floating Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which the Floating Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Floating Rate Advance converted into a Term Benchmark Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of conversion. Interest accrued on each Term Benchmark Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which such Term Benchmark Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on each Term Benchmark Advance having an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable on the last day of each three month interval during such Interest Period. Interest and commitment fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360 day year, except that interest calculated based on the Prime Rate shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365, or when appropriate 366, day year. Interest shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment. 

29 

2.13. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions . Promptly after receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Borrowing Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice, and repayment notice received by it hereunder. The Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Term Benchmark Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate. 

2.14. Lending Installations . Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and any Loan issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation. Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with Article XIII, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made. 

2.15. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . Unless the Borrower or a Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date on which it is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal, interest or fees to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such payment has been made. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Administrative Agent, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made available together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Administrative Agent until the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day for the first three days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (y) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan. 

2.16. Extension of Facility Termination Date . The Borrower may request an extension of the Facility Termination Date for up to two additional one-year periods by submitting a request for an extension to the Administrative Agent (an Extension Request not more than 60 days or less than 30 days prior to any anniversary of the date of this Agreement (each an Anniversary Date ). In response to such request, each Lender shall, not later than 20 days prior to the applicable Anniversary Date, notify the Administrative Agent whether it is willing (in its sole and complete discretion) to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date for an additional year (and any Lender that fails to give such notice to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have elected not to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date). The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of the Lenders decisions no later than 15 days prior to such Anniversary Date. If Lenders holding more than 50 of the Commitments elect to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date, then on such Anniversary Date the Commitments of such Lenders shall be extended for an additional year; provided that (i) no Default or Unmatured Default exists on such Anniversary Date and (ii) all representations and warranties are true and correct on such 

30 

Anniversary Date, as though made as of such Anniversary Date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). No Lender shall be required to consent to any Extension Request and any Lender that elects, or is deemed to have elected, not to extend the scheduled Facility Termination Date (a Declining Lender will have its Commitment terminated on the then existing scheduled Facility Termination Date (without regard to any extension by other Lenders). The Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to any Declining Lender and the Administrative Agent, require any Declining Lender to assign and delegate its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee selected by the Borrower and willing to accept such assignment (in accordance with, and subject to, the restrictions and consents otherwise required for assignments generally). 

2.17. Letters of Credit . 

(a) Issuance . The Borrower may request that one or more Issuers issue standby letters of credit (each a Letter of Credit up to the LC Sublimit. Each Issuer hereby agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to issue Letters of Credit and to extend, increase, decrease or otherwise modify Letters of Credit Modify , and each such action a Modification from time to time from the date of this Agreement and prior to the Facility Termination Date upon the request of the Borrower for the Borrower as applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations; provided that immediately after each Letter of Credit is issued or Modified, (x) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit and (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment; and provided, further, that each Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, issue or Modify any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect thereto, the outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations under all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuer would exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuer. No Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date later than (i) one year following the date of issuance thereof, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor may provide for the extension thereof for additional one-year periods, and (ii) five Business Days prior to the scheduled Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuer shall have an obligation hereunder to issue, and no Issuer shall issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business (x) of or with any Sanctioned Person or (y) in any country or territory that is a Sanctioned Country or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the letters of credit identified on Schedule 2.17 (the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued on the Restatement Effective Date for all purposes of the Loan Documents. 

(b) Participations . Upon the issuance or Modification by any Issuer of a Letter of Credit in accordance with this Section 2.17 , such Issuer shall be deemed, without further action by any Person, to have unconditionally and irrevocably sold to each Lender, and each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any Person, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from such Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit (and each Modification thereof) and the related Letter of Credit Obligations in proportion to its pro rata share. 

31 

(c) Replacement and Resignation of an Issuer . (i) An Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuer and the successor Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuer pursuant to Section 2.17(e) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of Issuers under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuer shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuers, or to such successor and all previous Issuers, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuer hereunder, the replaced Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(ii)	Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuer, any Issuer may resign as an Issuer at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuer shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.17(c)(i) above. 
 (d) Notice . Subject to Section 2.17(a) , the Borrower shall give the applicable Issuer and the Administrative Agent notice prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three Business Days (or such lesser period of time as such Issuer may agree in its sole discretion) prior to the proposed date of issuance or Modification of each Letter of Credit, specifying the beneficiary, the proposed date of issuance (or Modification) and the expiry date of such Letter of Credit, and, in the case of an issuance or a Modification (other than an extension, increase or decrease, for which such information shall not be required), describing the proposed terms of such Letter of Credit and the nature of the transactions proposed to be supported thereby. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender, of the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender s participation in such proposed Letter of Credit. The issuance or Modification by an Issuer of any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV (the satisfaction of which such Issuer shall have no duty to ascertain, it being understood, however, that such Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit if it has received written notice from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender that any such condition precedent has not been satisfied), be subject to the conditions precedent that such Letter of Credit shall be satisfactory to such Issuer and that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered such application agreement and/or such other instruments and agreements relating to such Letter of Credit as such Issuer shall have reasonably requested (each a Letter of Credit Application ). In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 

(e) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Term Benchmark Margin used to 

32 

determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuer a fronting fee, which shall accrue at Letter of Credit Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuer s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(f) Administration; Reimbursement by Lenders . Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any demand for payment under such Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and each Lender of the amount to be paid by such Issuer as a result of such demand and the proposed payment date (the Letter of Credit Payment Date ). The responsibility of any Issuer to the Borrower and each Lender shall be only to determine that the documents delivered under each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer in connection with a demand for payment are in conformity in all material respects with such Letter of Credit. Each Issuer shall endeavor to exercise the same care in its issuance and administration of Letters of Credit as it does with respect to letters of credit in which no participations are granted, it being understood that in the absence of any gross negligence or willful misconduct by such Issuer, each Lender shall be unconditionally and irrevocably obligated, without regard to the occurrence of any Default or any condition precedent whatsoever, to reimburse such Issuer on demand for (a) such Lender s pro rata share of the amount of each payment made by such Issuer under each Letter of Credit to the extent such amount is not reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17(g) below, plus (b) interest on the foregoing amount, for each day from the date of the applicable payment by such Issuer to the date on which such Issuer is reimbursed by such Lender for its pro rata share thereof, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate or, beginning on the third Business Day after demand for such amount by such Issuer, the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances. 

(g) Reimbursement by Borrower . The Borrower shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse each Issuer through the Administrative Agent on or before the applicable Letter of Credit Payment Date for any amount to be paid by such Issuer upon any drawing under any Letter of Credit, without presentment, demand, protest 

33 

or other formalities of any kind; provided that the Borrower shall not be precluded from asserting any claim for direct (but not consequential) damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by (a) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit complied with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (b) such Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. All such amounts paid by an Issuer and remaining unpaid by the Borrower shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 1.5 plus the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances. The Administrative Agent will pay to each Lender ratably in accordance with its pro rata share all amounts received by it from the Borrower for application in payment, in whole or in part, of the Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit, but only to the extent such Lender made payment to the applicable Issuer in respect of such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.17(d) . 

(h) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower may have or have had against any Issuer, any Lender or any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit. The Borrower further agrees with the Issuers and the Lenders that neither any Issuer nor any Lender shall be responsible for, and the Borrower s Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrower, any of its Affiliates, the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any financing institution or other party to whom any Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims or defenses whatsoever of the Borrower or of any of its Affiliates against the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee. No Issuer shall be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by any Issuer or any Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit and the related drafts and documents, if done without gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall not put any Issuer or any Lender under any liability to the Borrower. Nothing in this Section 2.17(h) is intended to limit the right of the Borrower to make a claim against any Issuer for damages as contemplated by the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.17(g) . 

(i) Actions of Issuers . Each Issuer shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Letter of Credit, draft, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected by such Issuer. Each Issuer shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement unless it shall first have received such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it reasonably deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by 

34 

reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.17 , each Issuer shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon the Lenders and any future holder of a participation in any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer. 

(j) Indemnification . The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, each Issuer and the Administrative Agent, and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees, from and against any and all claims and damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses which such Person may incur (or which may be claimed against such Person by any other Person whatsoever) by reason of or in connection with the issuance, execution and delivery or transfer of or payment or failure to pay under any Letter of Credit or any actual or proposed use of any Letter of Credit, including any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses which any Issuer may incur by reason of or in connection with (a) the failure of any other Lender to fulfill or comply with its obligations to such Issuer hereunder (but nothing herein contained shall affect any right the Borrower may have against any Defaulting Lender) or (b) by reason of or on account of such Issuer issuing any Letter of Credit which specifies that the term Beneficiary therein includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary, but which Letter of Credit does not require that any drawing by any such successor Beneficiary be accompanied by a copy of a legal document, satisfactory to such Issuer, evidencing the appointment of such successor Beneficiary; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Person for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, caused by (x) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuer complied with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (y) any Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. Nothing in this Section 2.17(j) is intended to limit the obligations of the Borrower under any other provision of this Agreement. 

(k) Lenders Indemnification . Each Lender shall, ratably in accordance with its pro rata share, indemnify each Issuer and its Affiliates and their respective Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) against any cost, expense (including reasonable counsel fees and charges), claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from such indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct or such Issuer s failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit) that such indemnitees may suffer or incur in connection with this Section 2.17 or any action taken or omitted by such indemnitees hereunder. 

(l) LC Collateral Account . The Borrower agrees that it will establish on the Facility Termination Date (or on such earlier date as may be required pursuant to Section 8.1 ), and thereafter maintain so long as any Letter of Credit Obligation remains outstanding or any other amount is payable to any Issuer or the Lenders in respect of any Letter of Credit, a special collateral account pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the 

35 

Administrative Agent (the LC Collateral Account at the Administrative Agent s office at the address specified pursuant to Article XIII, in the name of the Borrower but under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, and in which the Borrower shall have no interest other than as set forth in Section 8.1 . The Borrower hereby pledges, assigns and grants to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of and for the ratable benefit of the Lenders and the Issuers, a security interest in all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in and to all funds which may from time to time be on deposit in the LC Collateral Account, to secure the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent will invest any funds on deposit from time to time in the LC Collateral Account in certificates of deposit of the Administrative Agent having a maturity not exceeding 30 days. If funds are deposited in the LC Collateral Account pursuant to Section 2.1.4 and the provisions of Section 8.1 are not applicable, then the Administrative Agent shall release from the LC Collateral Account to the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower, an amount equal to the excess (if any) of all funds in the LC Collateral Account over the Letter of Credit Obligations. 

(m) Rights as a Lender . In its capacity as a Lender, each Issuer shall have the same rights and obligations as any other Lender. 

(n) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuer (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuer hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

2.18. Increase in Aggregate Commitment . 

(a) The Borrower may, from time to time (but not on more than four occasions during the term of this Agreement), by means of a letter delivered to the Administrative Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit F , request that the Aggregate Commitment be increased; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of all such increases during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed 30,000,000 and (ii) any such increase in the Aggregate Commitment shall be in an amount equal to 10,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or, if less, the remaining amount of the increases permitted under this Section 2.18 ). 

(b) Any increase in the Aggregate Commitment may be effected by (i) increasing the Commitment of one or more Lenders which have agreed to such increase and/or (ii) 

36 

subject to clause (d) below, adding one or more commercial banks or other Persons as a party hereto (each an Additional Lender with a Commitment in an amount agreed to by any such Additional Lender. 

(c) Any increase in the Aggregate Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall be effective three Business Days (or such other period agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and, as applicable, each Lender that has agreed to increase its Commitment and each Additional Lender) after the date on which the Administrative Agent has acknowledged receipt of the applicable increase letter in the form of Annex 1 (in the case of an increase in the Commitment of an existing Lender) or Annex 2 (in the case of the addition of an Additional Lender) to Exhibit F . 

(d) No Additional Lender shall be added as a party hereto without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuer (which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and each increase in the Aggregate Commitment may only be effected if there is no Default or an Unmatured Default and the Borrower confirms the accuracy of all representations and warranties. 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any increase in the Aggregate Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.18 and of the Commitment and pro rata share of the Aggregate Commitment of each Lender after giving effect thereto. The parties hereto agree that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, each Additional Lender and each increasing Lender, as applicable, may make arrangements to stage the timing of any such increase, or to cause an Additional Lender or an increasing Lender to temporarily hold risk participations in the outstanding Advances of the other Lenders (rather than fund its pro rata share of all outstanding Advances concurrently with the applicable increase), in each case with a view toward minimizing breakage costs and transfers of funds in connection with any increase in the Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower acknowledges that if, as a result of a non-pro-rata increase in the Aggregate Commitment, any Term Benchmark Advance is prepaid or converted (in whole or in part) on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, then such prepayment or conversion shall be subject to the provisions of Section 3.2 . 

2.19. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.4 and fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(e) ; 

(b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 8.1 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , 

37 

to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuer hereunder; third , to cash collateralize the Issuers LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuers future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh , so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(c) the Commitment and Outstanding Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 8.2 ); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby; 

(d) if any LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

38 

(i) all or any part of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Outstanding Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuers only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.1.4 for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(e) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 

(iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.17(e) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.17(e) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuers until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and 

(e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.19(d) , and LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.19(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Issuer has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other 
 39 

agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, no Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuers shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to such Issuer, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuer agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 ARTICLE III INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 

3.1. Increased Costs. 

(i) If any Change in Law shall: 

(a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuer; 

(b) impose on any Lender or Issuer or the applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 

(c) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuer or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (ii) If any Lender or Issuer determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held 

40 

by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuer or such Lender s or Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuer or such Lender s or Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(iii) A certificate of a Lender or Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(iv) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuer s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuer pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

3.2. Break Funding Payments . 

(i) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.6 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. 

(ii) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.6 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. 

41 

(iii) A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

3.3. Alternate Rate of Interest . 

(i) Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of this Section 3.3, if: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Advance that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for an RFR Loan; or 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Advance that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the applicable Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or Loan) included in such Advance for such Interest Period, or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for an RFR Loan will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Advance; 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders through any Electronic System as provided in Article XIII as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Conversion/Continuation Notice or a new Borrowing Notice, (A) any Conversion/Continuation Notice that requests the conversion of any Advance to, or continuation of any Advance as, a Term Benchmark Advance and any Borrowing Notice that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed to be an Conversion/Continuation Notice or a Borrowing Notice, as applicable, for (1) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above or (2) a Floating Rate Advance if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above, and (B) any outstanding RFR Advance shall be converted to a Floating Rate Advance at such time. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.3(i) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers any Conversion/Continuation Notice, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above or (y) a Floating Rate Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple 
 42 

SOFR also is the subject of Section 3.3(i)(a) or (b) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.3(iii) and (e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.3 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.3 . 

(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) 

43 

the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(vi) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to any Relevant Rate, (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Advance, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Advance of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for an Advance of or conversion to (A) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Floating Rate Advance if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, and (ii) in the case of any outstanding RFR Advance, such Advance shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.3 , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Advance so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Floating Rate Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Floating Rate Loan. 

3.4. [Reserved] . 

3.5. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . 

(i) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary 

44 

so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(ii) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 

(iii) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(iv) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(v) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (a) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (b) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.2.1 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (c) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (v) . 

(vi) Status of Lenders . 

(a) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed 

45 

documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.5(vi)(b)(i) , (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(i) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(ii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

1. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

2. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

46 

3. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN; or 

4. to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(iv) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

47 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (vii) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (vii) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (vii), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (vii) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(viii) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(ix) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term Lender includes any Issuer and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 

3.6. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 

(i) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 3.1 or 3.5 , as the case may be, in the future and (b) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

48 

(ii) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 , or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.1 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.5 and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (a) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuers), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.1 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.5 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

4.1. Initial Credit Extension . The Lenders and the Issuers shall not be required to make the initial Credit Extension hereunder unless the Borrower has made payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in immediately available funds the upfront fees payable under the Fee Letter and the Borrower has furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient copies for the Lenders: 

(i) Copies of the restated articles or certificate of incorporation of the Borrower, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good standing, each certified by the appropriate 

49 

governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation, as well as any other information required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act or necessary for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify the identity of Borrower as required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act. 

(ii) Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, of its by laws and of its Board of Directors resolutions and of resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party. 

(iii) An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Authorized Officers and any other officers of the Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Borrower. 

(iv) A certificate, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, stating that on the date of this Agreement (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and correct in all material respects, (b) no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing, and (c) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent. 

(v) A written opinion of the Borrower s counsel, addressed to the Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit A . 

(vi) Any Note requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the order of such requesting Lender. 

(vii) (a) At least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (b) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (vii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 

(viii) Evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding this Agreement. 

(ix) All fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 

(x) Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may have reasonably requested. 

50 

4.2. Each Credit Extension . The Lenders and the Issuers shall not be required to make any Credit Extension unless on the date of such Credit Extension: 

(i) No Default or Unmatured Default exists or would result from such Credit Extension. 

(ii) The representations and warranties contained in Article V (other than, in the case of each Credit Extension to be made after the date of this Agreement, Sections 5.5 and 5.7 are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Credit Extension except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 

(iii) All legal matters incident to the making of such Credit Extension shall be satisfactory to the Lenders, the Issuers and their counsel (including evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding such Credit Extension). 

Each delivery of a Borrowing Notice and each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been satisfied. Any Lender may require delivery of a duly completed compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B as a condition to making a Credit Extension. 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 5.1. Existence and Standing . Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary is a corporation, partnership (in the case of Principal Subsidiaries only) or limited liability company duly and properly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted other than where the failure to be so authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.2. Authorization and Validity . The Borrower has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized by proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles. 

51 

5.3. No Conflict; Government Consent . Neither the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, nor the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions therein contemplated, nor compliance by the Borrower with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower s or any Principal Subsidiary s articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of organization, by laws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be, or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any Governmental Authority, or any subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, the borrowings under this Agreement, the payment and performance by the Borrower of the Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any of the Loan Documents. 

5.4. Financial Statements . The December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Lenders were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date and the consolidated results of their operations for the period then ended. 

5.5. Material Adverse Change . Since December 31, 2021, there has been no change in the business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.6. Taxes . MGE Energy, Inc., the parent corporation for the Borrower, has, or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have, filed all United States federal tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The United States income tax returns of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, are not subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are adequate. 

52 

5.7. Litigation and Contingent Obligations . There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the controller or the general counsel, overtly threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or which seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Credit Extension. Other than any liability incident to any litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower has no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 

5.8. Subsidiaries . Schedule 5.8 contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the date of this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of their respective capital stock or other ownership interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of such Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non assessable. 

5.9. ERISA . 

(i) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, and to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 

(ii) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or actions by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(iii) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Pension Plans (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans. 

53 

5.10. Accuracy of Information . 

(i) No information, exhibit or report furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in connection with the negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, contained any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in any material respect as of the time when made or delivered. 

(ii) As of the Restatement Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 

5.11. 	 Margin Regulations . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Advance or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 

5.12. Compliance With Laws . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property except for any failure to comply with any of the foregoing which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.13. Ownership of Properties . On the date of this Agreement, the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have good title, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.13 , to all of the Property and assets reflected in the Borrower s most recent consolidated financial statements provided to the Administrative Agent as owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

5.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

54 

5.15. Environmental Matters . In the ordinary course of its business, the officers of the Borrower consider the effect of Environmental Laws on the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate potential risks and liabilities accruing to the Borrower due to Environmental Laws. On the basis of this consideration as of the date hereof, the Borrower has concluded that Environmental Laws cannot reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof. Except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, neither the Borrower nor any Principal Subsidiary has received any notice to the effect that its operations are not in material compliance with any of the requirements of applicable Environmental Laws or are the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non compliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.16. Investment Company Act . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

5.17. Insurance . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice. 

5.18. Regulatory Approval . No consent, authorization or approval of, and/or filing or registration with, any governmental body or regulatory authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents or for the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, or for the validity or enforceability thereof. 

5.19. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries respective employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Advance, Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 

5.20. Affected Financial Institutions . The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 

5.21. Solvency . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent as of the Restatement Effective Date. 

55 

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 

During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 
 6.1. Financial Reporting . The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each Subsidiary, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Lenders: 

(i) Within 90 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, an unqualified (except for qualifications relating to changes in accounting principles or practices reflecting changes in generally accepted accounting principles and required or approved by the Borrower s independent certified public accountants) audit report certified by independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, prepared in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows. 

(ii) Within 45 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years, for itself and its Subsidiaries, consolidated unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and consolidated profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1 , if and so long as the Borrower shall file regular and periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 and 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, delivery to the Administrative Agent of copies of the Borrower s reports on Forms 10K and 10Q promptly following filing thereof with the SEC, but in any event not later than within the periods set forth in Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , shall constitute full compliance with those sections. 

(iv) Together with the financial statements required under Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B signed by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with this Agreement and stating that no Default or Unmatured Default exists, or if any Default or Unmatured Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 

(v) As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after the Borrower knows that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, a statement, signed by the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower, describing such Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(vi) As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after receipt by the Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect that the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any Person as a result of the release by the Borrower, any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal, state or local environmental, 

56 

health or safety law or regulation by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 

(vii) Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries files with the SEC. 

(viii) (a) Such other information (including non financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request and (b) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

6.2. Litigation . The Borrower shall promptly give to each Lender notice of all legal or arbitral proceedings, and of all proceedings before any Governmental Authority, to which the Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries is a party, except proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 

6.3. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of the Advances and the Letters of Credit for general corporate purposes (in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements). No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Advance or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

6.4. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, give prompt notice in writing to the Lenders of: 

(i) The occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default of which the Borrower becomes aware and of any other development, financial or otherwise, of which the Borrower becomes aware which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 

57 

(ii) Any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. 

(iii) The occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.5. Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, including reasonable extensions of such business, (b) do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing as a domestic corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and (c) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted and the failure so to maintain such authority would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that this Section shall not be deemed to prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.11 or 6.12 . 

6.6. Taxes . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, timely file complete and correct United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax returns required by law and pay when due Taxes imposed upon it or upon its property, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or where nonpayment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.7. Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full information as to the insurance carried. 

6.8. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, including all Environmental Laws, except where noncompliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

6.9. Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property (except such Property the failure of which to maintain or preserve would not have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect) in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times; provided the foregoing shall not prevent the Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries from abandoning or disposing of any property that is no longer used or useful in its business or obsolete. 

58 

6.10. Inspection . Subject to Section 9.10 , the Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers at such reasonable times and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may designate. 

6.11. Merger . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of its Subsidiaries in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or liquidate or dissolve, except that (i) a Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person; provided that, in each case, immediately before and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (A) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which the Borrower is a party, either (x) the Borrower shall be the surviving entity or (y) the surviving entity shall be an Eligible Successor and shall have assumed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the Letters of Credit pursuant to a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to it as to the enforceability of such obligations assumed and (B) subject to clause (A) above, in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which any Principal Subsidiary is a party, a Principal Subsidiary shall be the surviving entity. 

6.12. Sale of Assets . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, make any Disposition, except: 

(i) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business. 

(ii) Dispositions of assets which have become obsolete or no longer used or useful in the business of the Borrower or any such Principal Subsidiary. 

(iii) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (A) such disposition is in the ordinary course of business or (B) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property. 

(iv) Dispositions of Property by a Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Subsidiary. 

(v) Dispositions of Property that, together with all other Property of the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries previously leased, sold or disposed of (other than dispositions permitted by the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.12 as permitted by this Section during the twelve month period ending with the month in which any such lease, sale or other disposition occurs, do not constitute a Substantial Portion of the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

59 

6.13. Liens . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, except: 

(i) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its Property if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. 

(ii) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s and mechanics liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. 

(iii) Liens arising out of pledges or deposits under worker s compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation. 

(iv) Liens incidental to the normal conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ownership of its property or the conduct of the ordinary course of its business, including (A) zoning restrictions, easements, rights of way, reservations, restrictions on the use of real property and other minor irregularities of title, (B) rights of lessees under leases, (C) rights of collecting banks having rights of setoff, revocation, refund or chargeback with respect to money or instruments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary on deposit with or in the possession of such banks, (D) Liens or deposits to secure the performance of statutory obligations, tenders, bids, leases, progress payments, performance or return-of-money bonds, performance or other similar bonds or other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (E) Liens required by any contract or statute in order to permit the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower to perform any contract or subcontract made by it with or pursuant to the requirements of a Governmental Authority, in each case which are not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money, the obtaining of advances or credit or the payment of the deferred purchase price of Property and which do not in the aggregate impair the use of property in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

(v) Liens on property existing at the time of acquisition thereof or Liens affecting property of a Person existing at the time it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or at the time it is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that, in either case, such Liens were not granted in contemplation of such acquisition or in contemplation of the transaction pursuant to which such Person became a Subsidiary; and provided further that in either case, such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries other than the property that secured the acquired Indebtedness prior to the time such Indebtedness became Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 

(vi) Liens on property securing Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 12 months after the acquisition thereof for the purpose of financing all or part of the purchase price thereof, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any other property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Indebtedness secured thereby was incurred to pay, and does not exceed, the purchase price thereof. 

60 

(vii) Liens on any improvements to property securing Indebtedness incurred to provide funds for all or part of the cost of such improvements in a principal amount not exceeding the cost of acquisition or construction of such improvements and incurred within 12 months after completion of such improvements or construction, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than such improvements. 

(viii) Liens to government entities granted to secure pollution control or industrial revenue bond financings, which Liens in each financing transaction cover only the property the acquisition of which, or the construction of which, was financed by such financing, and property related thereto. 

(ix) any Lien incurred or deposits to secure the performance of surety bonds incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, provided that such Liens shall cover only the Borrower s or the applicable Subsidiary s interests in and relating to the contract underlying the transaction for which such surety bonds were issued. 

(x) Liens on cash or cash equivalents created or existing to secure stay or appeal bonds or otherwise resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate action promptly initiated and diligently conducted, including the Lien of any judgment; provided that the aggregate amount secured by all such Liens does not exceed 50,000,000. 

(xi) Liens securing any extension, renewal, replacement or refinancing of Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (v) , (vi) , (vii) , (viii) , and (xii); provided that 

(A)	such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus improvements on such property) and 
 (B)	the amount secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the amount outstanding at the time of such renewal, replacement or refinancing. 
 (xii) agreements for and obligations relating to the joint or common use of property owned by the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary in common or jointly with one or more other parties. 

(xiii) Liens existing on the Restatement Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.13 . 

6.14. Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Principal Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase or sale of any Property or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate except (i) in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Borrower s or such Principal Subsidiary s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, (ii) transactions with Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000 or (iii) pursuant to agreements or transactions authorized or approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin or federal utilities regulatory bodies (provided that in the case of any agreement or transaction having terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal 

61 

Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, such authorization or approval acknowledges the non arms length nature of such terms). 

6.15. Financial Covenant . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of (i) its Consolidated Indebtedness to (ii) its Consolidated Total Capitalization to exceed 0.65 to 1.00 at any time. 

ARTICLE VII DEFAULTS 

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default: 
 7.1. The Borrower shall default in the payment of any principal of any Loan when due or in the payment of any Reimbursement Obligations within one Business Day after the same becomes due. 

7.2. The Borrower shall default in the payment of interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by it hereunder and such default shall continue for two Business Days after the same becomes due and payable. 

7.3. The Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall default in the payment when due of any principal of or interest on (i) Indebtedness under the U.S. Bank Facility or (ii) other Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount (for all affected Indebtedness described in this clause (ii) of 50,000,000 or more if, in the case of both clause (i) and clause (ii) , the effect of such default is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, such Indebtedness; or any event specified in any note, agreement, indenture or other document evidencing or relating to Indebtedness described in clause (i) or to Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more described in clause (ii) above shall occur if the effect of such event is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 

7.4. Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made herein by the Borrower, or any certificate furnished to any Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions hereof, shall prove to have been false or misleading as of the time made, deemed made, or furnished in any material respect. 

7.5. The Borrower shall default in the performance of its obligations under Section 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.12 , 6.13 , 6.14 or 6.15 . 

7.6. The Borrower shall default in the performance of any of its other obligations in this Agreement and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a senior officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such default, or (ii) the date on which notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent). 

7.7. The Borrower shall admit in writing its inability to, or be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due. 

62 

7.8. The Borrower shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect), (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or readjustment of debts, (v) fail to controvert in a timely and appropriate manner, or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code, or (vi) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

7.9. A proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application or consent of the Borrower, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (i) its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up, or the composition or readjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of the Borrower or of all or any substantial part of its assets, or (iii) similar relief in respect of the Borrower under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or composition or adjustment of debts, and such proceeding or case shall continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief against the Borrower shall be entered in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code. 

7.10. A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of 50,000,000 in the aggregate that is not covered by insurance, performance bonds or the like shall be rendered by a court or courts against the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, and the same shall not be discharged (or provision shall not be made for such discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, within 90 days from the date of entry thereof and the Borrower or the relevant Principal Subsidiary shall not, within such period of 90 days, or such longer period during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal. 

7.11. Any of the following events shall occur with respect to any Pension Plan: 

(i) the institution of any steps by the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person to terminate a Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or could reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation to such Pension Plan, in excess of 50,000,000; or 

(ii) the complete or partial withdrawal from any Pension Plan by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate if, as a result of such withdrawal, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could incur any liability by such Pension Plan in excess of 50,000,000; or 

(iii) a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA; or 

(iv) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

63 

7.12. Any license, consent, authorization or approval, filing or registration now or hereafter necessary to enable the Borrower to comply with its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be revoked, withdrawn, withheld or not effected or shall cease to be in full force and effect. 

7.13. A Change in Control shall occur. 

7.14. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower or any other Person contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 

8.1. Acceleration; Letter of Credit Account . If any Default described in Section 7.7 , 7.8 or 7.9 occurs with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligation and power of the Issuers to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer and the Borrower will be and become thereby unconditionally obligated, without any further notice, act or demand, to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount in immediately available funds, which funds shall be held in the LC Collateral Account, equal to the excess of the amount of Letter of Credit Obligations at such time over the amount on deposit in the LC Collateral Account at such time that is free and clear of all rights and claims of third parties and has not been applied against the Obligations (such excess, the Collateral Shortfall Amount ). If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) may (x) terminate or suspend the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligation and power of the Issuers to issue Letters of Credit, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives, and (y) upon notice to the Borrower and in addition to the continuing right to demand payment of all amounts payable under this Agreement, make demand on the Borrower to pay, and the Borrower will, forthwith upon such demand and without any further notice or act, pay to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds the Collateral Shortfall Amount, which funds shall be deposited in the LC Collateral Account. 

If, within 30 days after acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations or termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Default (other than any Default as described in Section 7.7 , 7.8 or 7.9 with respect to the Borrower) and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders (in their sole discretion) shall so direct, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, rescind and annul such acceleration and/or termination. 
 64 

8.2. Amendments . Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 3.3 , the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any Default hereunder; provided that no such supplemental agreement shall: 

(i) without the consent of each Lender affected thereby: 

(a) extend the Facility Termination Date or the final maturity of any Loan, forgive all or any portion of the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of any interest or fees hereunder; 

(b) extend the expiry date of any Letter of Credit to a date after the Facility Termination Date; or 

(c) increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender; or 

(d) amend Section 11.2 ; or 

(ii) without the consent of all Lenders: 

(a) reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders; 

(b) permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement; 

(c) amend this Section 8.2 ; or 

(d) release any funds from the LC Collateral Account, except to the extent such release is expressly permitted hereunder. 

No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Administrative Agent shall be effective without the written consent of the Administrative Agent, and no amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to any Issuer shall be effective without the written consent of such Issuer. The Administrative Agent may waive payment of the fee required under Section 12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except for matters described in subsection (i) or clauses (c) and (d) of subsection (ii) of this Section 8.2 . 

65 

8.3. Preservation of Rights . No delay or omission of the Lenders, the Issuers or the Administrative Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of a Credit Extension notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2 , and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers until the Obligations have been paid in full. 

ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS 

9.1. Survival of Representations . All representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive during the period that the Credit Extensions are outstanding. 

9.2. Governmental Regulation . Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any applicable statute or regulation. 

9.3. Entire Agreement . The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers relating to the subject matter thereof other than the Fee Letter. 

9.4. Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement, provided that the parties hereto expressly agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.5 , 9.9 and 10.6 to the extent specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement. 

66 

9.5. Expenses; Indemnification . (i) The Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arranger for any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, syndication, distribution (including via the internet), review, amendment, modification, and administration of the Loan Documents. The Borrower also agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender and each Issuer for any costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including attorneys fees and time charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, such Lender and such Issuer, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, such Lender or such Issuer) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer in connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan Documents. Expenses being reimbursed by the Borrower under this Section include costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Reports described in the following sentence. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time JPMCB may prepare and may distribute to the Lenders (but shall have no obligation or duty to prepare or to distribute to the Lenders) certain audit reports (the Reports pertaining to the Borrower s assets for internal use by JPMCB from information furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower, after JPMCB has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement. 

(ii) The Borrower hereby further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender, each Issuer, their respective affiliates, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender, any Issuer or any affiliate is a party thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by a third party, by the Borrower or by an affiliate of the Borrower. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 9.5 shall survive the payment of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.5 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuer and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in 

67 

any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

(iv) To the extent permitted by applicable law (a) the Borrower shall not assert, and the Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (b) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this clause (iv)(b) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 

(v) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

9.6. Numbers of Documents . All statements, notices, closing documents, and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient counterparts so that the Administrative Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders. 

9.7. Accounting . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, (i) any calculation or determination which is to be made on a consolidated basis shall exclude any assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that are included in Borrower s financial statements from variable interest entities as a result of the application of FIN No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities an Interpretation of ARB No. 51, as updated through FIN No. 46-R and as modified by FIN No. 94 and (ii) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such 

68 

provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (a) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (b) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 

9.8. Severability of Provisions . Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable. 

9.9. Nonliability of Lenders . The relationship between the Borrower on the one hand and the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower s business or operations. The Borrower agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have liability to the Borrower (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any Issuer shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential damages suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

9.10. Confidentiality . Each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of Information (as defined below) which it may receive from the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with any inspection conducted pursuant to Section 6.10 , except for disclosure (i) to its Affiliates, to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives of any of the foregoing (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to legal counsel, accountants, and other professional advisors to such Lender or to a Transferee, (iii) to regulatory officials, (iv) to any Person as requested pursuant to or as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal proceeding to which such Lender is a party, (vi) to such Lender s direct or indirect contractual counterparties in swap agreements or to legal 

69 

counsel, accountants and other professional advisors to such counterparties, (vii) permitted by Section 12.4 , (viii) with the consent of Borrower, and (ix) to the extent such Information (a) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (b) becomes available to any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, JPMCB or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information but no less than a reasonable degree of care. 

9.11. Nonreliance . Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) for the repayment of the Loans provided for herein. 

9.12. Disclosure . The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that JPMCB and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. 

9.13. No Fiduciary Duty, etc . 

(i) The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other Person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 

(ii) The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may 

70 

provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

(iii) In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

9.14. USA Patriot Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 

9.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(i) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(ii) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(a) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(b) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

71 

(c) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 9.17. Additional Covenants and Defaults . If at any time the U.S. Bank Facility is amended or otherwise modified so that, as so amended or modified, it has any material covenant or default provision not substantially provided for in this Agreement or that is more favorable to the lender or lenders thereunder than those provided for in this Agreement, then (a) the terms of this Agreement shall, without any further action on the part of the Borrower or any Lender, be deemed to be amended automatically to include the applicable covenant or default provision contained in the U.S. Bank Facility; and (b) upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall promptly enter into an amendment to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, incorporating such covenant or default into this Agreement (it being understood that the execution and delivery of such amendment shall not be a condition to the effectiveness of the automatic amendment described in clause (a) above, but shall merely be for the convenience of the parties hereto). 

Any covenant or default provision incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.17 (herein referred to as an Incorporated Covenant (i) shall be deemed automatically 
 72 

amended herein to reflect any subsequent amendments made to such covenant or default provision in the U.S. Bank Facility; provided that if any Unmatured Default or Default then exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant) and the amendment of such covenant or default provision would result in such covenant or provision being less restrictive on the Borrower, such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed automatically amended at such time as no Unmatured Default or Default then exists and (ii) shall be deemed automatically deleted from this Agreement at such time as such covenant or default provision is deleted or otherwise removed from the U.S. Bank Facility or the U.S. Bank Facility shall have been terminated, all commitments thereunder cancelled and all liabilities existing thereunder paid in full (other than unasserted contingent liabilities and obligations); provided that, if an Unmatured Default or Default then exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant), such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed automatically deleted from this Agreement at such time as no Unmatured Default or Default then exists. 
 ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

10.1. Authorization and Action . 

(i) Each Lender and each Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuer authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 

(ii) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuer; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (a) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuers with respect to such action or (b) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the 

73 

Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 

(iii) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuers (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(a) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuer or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; and 

(b) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account; 

(iv) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 

74 

(v) None of any Syndication Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 

(vi) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, Letter of Credit Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.4 , 2.12 , 3.1 , 3.5 and 9.5 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.5 ). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 (vii) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuers, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. 

75 

10.2. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc . 

(i) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (a) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 

(ii) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuer, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (a) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (b) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (c) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (d) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (e) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(iii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (a) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 12.1 , (b) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 12.2.1 , (c) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (d) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuer and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuer for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (e) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuer, may presume that such condition 

76 

is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuer sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (f) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

10.3. Posting of Communications . 

(i) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuers by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 

(ii) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Restatement Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 

(iii) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 

77 

DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THROUGH AN ELECTRONIC SYSTEM OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 

Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 (iv) Each Lender and each Issuer agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuer agrees (a) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuer s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (b) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 

(v) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuers and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

(vi) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuer to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

10.4. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans, LC Sublimit and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuer, as the case may be. The terms Issuers , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuer or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuers. 

78 

10.5. Successor Administrative Agent . 

(i) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuers and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while a Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 

(ii) Notwithstanding paragraph (i) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuers and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (x) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (y) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuer. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.5 , as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

10.6. Acknowledgement of Lenders and Issuers . 

(i) Each Lender represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has 

79 

deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

(ii) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Restatement Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date. 

(iii) (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 10.6(iii) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b)	Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not pre-ceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day 
 80 

funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c)	The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (d)	Each party s obligations under this Section 10.6(iii) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 10.7. Certain ERISA Matters . 

(i) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(a) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 

(b) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(c) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 

81 

84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(d) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(ii) In addition, unless sub-clause (a) in the immediately preceding clause (i) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (d) in the immediately preceding clause (i) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(iii) The Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Syndication Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (a) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (b) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (c) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 

11.1. Setoff . In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Default occurs, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be due. 

82 

11.2. Ratable Payments . If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it upon its Outstanding Credit Exposure (other than payments received pursuant to Section 3.1 , 3.2 or 3.5 and payments made to any Issuer in respect of Reimbursement Obligations so long as the Lenders have not funded their participations therein) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure held by the other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender will hold its ratable proportion of the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure. If any Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such collateral ratably in proportion to their Loans. In case any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall be made. 

ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 

12.1. Successors and Assigns . The terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in compliance with Section 12.3 . The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that clause (ii) of this Section 12.1 relates only to absolute assignments and does not prohibit assignments creating security interests, including (x) any pledge or assignment by any Lender of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve Bank or (y) in the case of a Lender which is a Fund, any pledge or assignment of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to its trustee in support of its obligation to its trustees; provided that no such pledge or assignment creating a security interest shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder unless and until the parties thereto have complied with the provisions of Section 12.3 . The Administrative Agent may treat the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until such Person complies with Section 12.3 ; provided that the Administrative Agent may in its discretion (but shall not be required to) follow instructions from the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note to direct payments relating to such Loan or Note to another Person. Any assignee of the rights to any Loan or any Note agrees by acceptance of such assignment to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent is the owner of the rights to any Loan (whether or not a Note has been issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of the rights to such Loan. 

83 

12.2. Participations . 

12.2.1. Permitted Participants; Effect . Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuers, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuers and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 8.2 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.5 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 3.5(vi) (it being understood that the documentation required under Sections 3.5(vi) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.6 as if it were an assignee under Section 12.3 ; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.1 or 3.5 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.5(ii) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.1 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 11.2 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

84 

12.2.2. Voting Rights . Each Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other than any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any Credit Extension or Commitment in which such Participant has an interest which would require consent of all of the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 8.2 or of any other Loan Document. 

12.2.3. Benefit of Setoff . The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall retain the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount of participating interests sold to each Participant. The Lenders agree to share with each Participant, and each Participant, by exercising the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 , agrees to share with each Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of setoff, such amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each Participant were a Lender. 

12.3. Assignments . 

12.3.1. Permitted Assignments . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more banks or other entities Purchasers ), other than an Ineligible Institution, all or any part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents. Such assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or in such other form as may be agreed to by the parties thereto. The consent of the Borrower, each Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided that if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall not be required. Such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each such assignment with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall (unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents) be in an amount not less than the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment (calculated as at the date of such assignment) or outstanding Loans (if the applicable Commitment has been terminated). 

12.3.2. Effect; Effective Date . Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an assignment, together with any consents required by Section 12.3.1 , and (ii) payment of a 4,000 fee to the Administrative Agent for processing such assignment (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date specified in such assignment. The assignment shall contain a representation by the Purchaser to the effect that none of the consideration used to make the purchase of the Commitment and the Outstanding Credit Exposure under the applicable assignment agreement constitutes plan assets as defined under ERISA and that the rights and interests of the Purchaser in and under the Loan Documents will not be plan assets under ERISA. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by the Borrower, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment and the Aggregate Outstanding Credit Exposure assigned to such Purchaser. Upon the consummation of 

85 

any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 12.3.2 , the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall, if the Purchaser desires that its Loans be evidenced by a Note, make appropriate arrangements so that a Note is issued to such Purchaser. 

12.3.3. Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

12.3.4. Resignation as Issuer . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time any Lender assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to this Section 12.3 , such Lender may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an Issuer. If any Lender so assigns all of its Commitment and Loans, it shall (i) retain all the rights and obligations of an Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it that are outstanding as of the effective date of such assignment (including the right to require the Lenders to fund risk participations in respect of such Letters of Credit) and (ii) have no right or obligation to issue Letters of Credit on or after the effective date of such assignment. 

12.4. Dissemination of Information . The Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all information in such Lender s possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including any information contained in any Reports; provided that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.10 of this Agreement. 

12.5. Tax Treatment . If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred to any Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with the provisions of Section 3.5(iv) . 

12.6. Restriction on Transfer . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Lender may assign, sell a participation in or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof. 

ARTICLE XIII NOTICES 

13.1. Notices . 

(i) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14 with respect to borrowing notices, all notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing or through 

86 

any Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent and shall be given to such party: (x) in the case of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at its address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the case of any Lender, at its address or facsimile number set forth in its administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent or (z) in the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.1 . Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section and confirmation of receipt is received, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered (or, in the case of electronic transmission, received) at the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II shall not be effective until received. Notices delivered through any Electronic System or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, to the extent provided in paragraph (ii) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (ii) . 

(ii) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, or pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

(iii) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (y) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) , of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (x) and (y) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 

(iv) Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

13.2. Change of Address . The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any Lender may each change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the other parties hereto. 

87 

ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or telephone that it has taken such action. 
 ARTICLE XV CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

15.1. CHOICE OF LAW . THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. 

15.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON (OR IF SUCH COURT LACKS SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON), AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY (AND ANY SUCH CLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS BROUGHT AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES MAY ONLY) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH FEDERAL (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) OR WISCONSIN STATE COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ISSUER OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 

88 

15.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH ISSUER AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

ARTICLE XVI AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 

The parties hereto agree that, on the Restatement Effective Date, the following transactions shall be deemed to occur automatically, without further action by any party hereto: 
 16.1. The Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of and pursuant to this Agreement and the terms of this Agreement shall replace and supersede the Existing Credit Agreement (which shall hereafter have no further effect upon the parties thereto other than with respect to any action, event, representation, warranty or covenant occurring, made or applying prior to the Restatement Effective Date). 

16.2. All Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Loans under this Agreement. All issued and outstanding Letters of Credit issued pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement. All other Obligations existing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be outstanding under this Agreement and, in each case (i) are in all respects enforceable with only the terms thereof being modified as provided by this Agreement and (ii) shall in all respects be continuing after the Restatement Effective Date and shall be deemed to be Obligations governed by this Agreement. On the Restatement Effective Date, each Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement that has a Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall sell, assign and transfer, or purchase and assume, as the case may be, and receive payments from, or shall make payments to, the Administrative Agent such that after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases the Commitments will be held by the Lenders hereunder and each such Lender shall have funded its portion of its Commitment on the Restatement Effective Date. On the Restatement Effective Date, all outstanding Commitments, Loans and other outstanding advances under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be reallocated among the Lenders (including any newly added Lenders) under this Agreement in accordance with such Lenders respective revised Applicable Percentages. The assignments and purchases provided for in this Section 16.2 shall be without recourse, warranty or representation. The purchase price for each such assignment and purchase shall equal the principal amount of the Loan purchased and shall be payable to Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders. 

89 

16.3. All references to the Existing Credit Agreement or the Credit Agreement in the Existing Loan Documents executed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, whether on the Original Effective Date or at any time thereafter but prior to the Restatement Effective Date, shall be deemed to include references to this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

16.4. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing or termination of any of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date or a novation or payment and reborrowing of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 90 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Issuers and the Administrative Agent have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 
 By: /s/ Jared J. Bushek			 
 Name: Jared J. Bushek			 
 Title: Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 
 133 S. Blair St. Madison, WI 53701 
 
 Attention:	Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 Telephone: 	608-252-7238 
 Fax:		608-252-7098 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 By: /s/ Jane M. Stava				 
 Name: Jane M. Stava Title: Vice President 
 
 111 East Wisconsin Avenue Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 Attention:	Jane M. Stava Telephone:	414-977-6757 Email:		jane.m.stava@chase.com 
 
 With a copy to: 
 
 22 East Mifflin Street, Suite 100 Madison, WI 53703 
 Attention:	David Slezewski Telephone:	608-282-6575 Email:		david.n.slezewski@chase.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Bank of America, N.A. , as Syndication Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 /s/ Michael J. Haas			 
 By: Michael J. Haas 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 110 N. Wacker Dr., 8th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 
 Attention: Michael J. Haas Telephone: 312-992-7064 Email:	 michael.haas@bofa.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

U.S. Bank NationAL Association , as Syndication Agent, as an Issuer and as a Lender 
 /s/ Kevin S. Murphy			 
 By: Kevin S. Murphy 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 3 Bryant Park 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas, 15 th Floor 
 New York, NY 10036 
 
 Attention: 	Kevin S. Murphy Telephone:	917.326.3912 Email:		kevin.murphy4@usbank.com 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE I 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 

Lender 
 Commitment 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 27,000,000 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 16,500,000 

U.S. Bank National Association 
 16,500,000 

TOTAL 
 60,000,000 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

Status 
 Level I Status 
 Level II Status 
 Level III Status 
 Level IV Status 
 Level V Status 

Term Benchmark and RFR Margin/Letter of Credit Fee Rate 
 0.625 
 0.750 
 0.875 
 1.000 
 1.125 

Base Rate Margin 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.125 

Commitment Fee Rate 
 0.050 
 0.060 
 0.075 
 0.100 
 0.125 

The Term Benchmark and RFR Margin, the Base Rate Margin, the Commitment Fee Rate and the Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Borrower s Status as determined from its then-current Moody s and S P Ratings. The credit rating in effect on any date for the purposes of this Schedule is that in effect at the close of business on such date. If at any time the Borrower has no Moody s Rating or no S P Rating, but has a Rating, the Status shall be determined based on the Rating that is then in effect. If at any time the Borrower has no Moody s Rating and no S P Rating, Level V Status shall exist. 
 	 
 	 Level I Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Moody s Rating is Aa2 or better or the S P Rating is AA or better. 
 
 	 Level II Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is Aa3 or better or the S P Rating is AA- or better. 
 
 	 Level III Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status or Level II Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A1 or better or the S P Rating is A+ or better. 
 
 	 Level IV Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I, Level II or Level III Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A2 or better or the S P Rating is A or better. 
 
 	 Level V Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Borrower has not qualified for any other Status. 
 
 	 Moody s Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and then in effect with respect to the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 
 	 Rating means the S P Rating or the Moody s Rating. 

S P Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Standard and Poor s Rating Services, a Standard Poor Financial Services, LLC business, and then in effect with respect to the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 
 	 Status means Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status. 
 
 	If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is one level, the better Rating will apply. If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is two levels or more, the intermediate rating at the midpoint will apply. If there is no midpoint, the higher of the intermediate ratings will apply. 

Schedule 2.17 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit 
 
 Standby Letter of Credit from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the amount of 685,481.63. 

Schedule 5.8 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 None. 

Schedule 6.13 
 
 Liens 
 
 Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust. dated as of January 1, 1946, between Madison Gas and Electric Company and Firstar Trust Company, as Trustee. 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF OPINION 
 [Omitted] 

A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 [DATE] 
 To:	The Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement Described Below 
 This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the Agreement among Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 
 1. I am the duly elected __________ of the Borrower; 

2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements; 

3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Unmatured Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; and 

4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the Borrower s compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 

[5. Schedule II attached hereto sets forth the various reports and deliveries which are required at this time under the Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the status of compliance.] 
 Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

B- 1 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Compliance Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered as of the date first set forth above. 

Name: 
 Title: 

B- 2 

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Compliance as of _________, ____ with Provisions of ____ and ______ of the Agreement 

B- 3 

SCHEDULE II TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Reports and Deliveries Currently Due 

B- 4 

EXHIBIT C 
 ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the Assignor and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, the interest in and to all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto that represents the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of the Assignor s outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guaranties included in such facilities and, to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims (including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity), suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor against any Person whether known or unknown arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby) (the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 1.	Assignor:	 						 
 
 2.	Assignee:	 						 
 
 3.	Borrower:	Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 4.	Administrative 
 	Agent:		JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 5.	Credit Agreement:	Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 6.	Assigned Interest: 

C- 1 

Facility Assigned 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 1 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

7.	Trade Date:	 2	 				 
 Effective Date: ____________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. ] 
 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 ASSIGNOR [ NAME OF ASSIGNOR ] 
 
 By: 					 					Title: 
 
 ASSIGNEE [ NAME OF ASSIGNEE ] 

By: 						 	Title: 
 [ Consented to and ] 3 Accepted: 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: 					 Title: 

[ Consented to: ] 4 

Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 
 1. Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 

2. Insert if satisfaction of minimum amounts is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 

3. To be added only if the consent of the Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

4. To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. an Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

C- 2 

[ NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY ] 
 
 By: 					 Title: 
 
 C- 3 

ANNEX 1 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 
 		1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 		1.2.	 Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iii) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(i) and (ii) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and (iv) if it is a non-U.S. Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 2.	 Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
 
 3.	 General Provisions . This Assignment shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment by telecopy shall be effective as 
 
 C- 1 

delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment. This Assignment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Wisconsin. 

C- 2 

EXHIBIT D 
 LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
 To	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agen t under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 Re:	Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as the same may be amended or modified, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders named therein and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent is specifically authorized and directed to act upon the following standing money transfer instructions with respect to the proceeds of Advances or other extensions of credit from time to time until receipt by the Administrative Agent of a specific written revocation of such instructions by the Borrower, provided that the Administrative Agent may otherwise transfer funds as hereafter directed in writing by the Borrower in accordance with Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement or based on any telephonic notice made in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement. 
 Facility Identification Number(s) __________________________________________________ 
 Customer/Account Name ________________________________________________________ 
 Transfer Funds To ______________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________ 
 For Account No. _______________________________________________________________ 
 Reference/Attention To __________________________________________________________ 
 Authorized Officer (Customer Representative) Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 Bank Officer Name Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 
 (Deliver Completed Form to Credit Support Staff For Immediate Processing) 

D- 1 

EXHIBIT E NOTE 
 [Date] 
 Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation (the Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of ____________________________________ (the Lender the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in immediately available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent determined pursuant to the terms of the Agreement referred to below, together with interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in the Agreement. The Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans in full on the Facility Termination Date. 
 The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice, the date and amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each principal payment hereunder. 
 This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (which, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the Agreement ), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, including the Lender, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, to which Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date accelerated. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement. 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: 						 Print Name: 					 Title: 						 

E- 1 

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL TO NOTE OF MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY, DATED _____________, 

Date 
 Principal Amount of Loan 
 Maturity of Interest Period 
 Principal Amount Paid 
 Unpaid Balance 

E- 2 
 
 EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF INCREASE REQUEST 
 [__________ __], 20[__] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower ), various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 In accordance with Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby requests an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________. Such increase shall be made by [increasing the Commitment of ____________ from ________ to ________] [adding _____________ as an Additional Lender under the Credit Agreement with a Commitment of ____________] as set forth in the letter attached hereto. Such increase shall be effective three Business Days after the date that the Administrative Agent acknowledges receipt of the letter attached hereto or such other date as is agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the [increasing] [Additional] Lender. 
 Very truly yours, 
 Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 By: __________________________________							Name: ________________________________ 
 Title: _________________________________					 
 
 F- 1 
 
 ANNEX 1 TO EXHIBIT F 
 [Date] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the letter dated __________, 20__ from Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower requesting an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________ pursuant to Section 2.18 of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby confirms that it has agreed to increase its Commitment under the Credit Agreement from __________ to __________ effective on the date which is three Business Days after the acknowledgment of receipt hereof by the Administrative Agent or on such other date as may be agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the undersigned. 
 Very truly yours, 
 [NAME OF INCREASING LENDER] 
 
 By:__________________________ 
 Name: _______________________ 
 Title:________________________ 
 Receipt acknowledged as of 
 _____________, 20___ 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By: ___________________________________ 
 Name: ________________________________ 					 
 Title: _________________________________ 

F- 2 
 
 ANNEX 2 TO EXHIBIT F 
 [Date] 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 
 Ladies/Gentlemen: 
 Please refer to the letter dated __________, 20___ from Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower requesting an increase in the Aggregate Commitment from __________ to __________ pursuant to Section 2.18 of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, various financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby confirms that it has agreed to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement with a Commitment of __________ effective on the date which is three Business Days after the consent hereto by the Administrative Agent and each Issuer and the acknowledgement of receipt hereof by the Administrative Agent, or on such other date as may be agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the undersigned. 
 The undersigned (a) acknowledges that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits thereto, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit and legal analysis and decision to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement; and (b) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit and legal decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned represents and warrants that (i) it is duly organized and existing and it has full power and authority to take, and has taken, all action necessary to execute and deliver this letter and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement; and (ii) no notices to, or consents, authorizations or approvals of, any Person are required (other than any already given or obtained) for its due execution and delivery of this letter and the performance of its obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement. 
 The undersigned agrees to execute and deliver such other instruments, and take such other actions, as the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this letter. 
 
 F- 3 
 
 The following administrative details apply to the undersigned: 
 (A)	Notice Address: 
 Legal name: __________________________ 
 Address: 	_______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 Attention: _____________________________ 
 Telephone: (___) _______________________ 
 Facsimile: (___) ______________________ 
 (B)	Payment Instructions: 
 Account No.: ___________________________ 
 At:	__________________________ 
 ___________________________ 
 ___________________________ 
 Reference: ___________________________ 
 Attention: ___________________________ 
 The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that, on the date on which the undersigned becomes a Lender under the Credit Agreement as set forth in the second paragraph hereof, the undersigned (a) will be bound by the terms of the Credit Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned were an original Lender under the Credit Agreement and (b) will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 This letter shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this letter by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this letter. This letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Wisconsin. 
 Very truly yours, 
 [NAME OF NEW LENDER] 
 
 By:_________________________ 
 Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ 
 
 F- 4 
 
 Acknowledged and consented to as of 
 ______________, 20___ 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: ___________________________________ 
 Name: ________________________________ 	 
 Title: _________________________________ 
 [ISSUERS] 

F- 5 
 
 EXHIBIT G-1 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G- 1 
 
 EXHIBIT G-2 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT ] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G-2 
 
 EXHIBIT G-3 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

G-3 
 
 EXHIBIT G-4 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 
 G-4 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 mgee-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
 Execution Version 
 
 DEAL CUSIP NUMBER: 557498AE2 
 FACILITY CUSIP NUMBER: 557498AF9 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 8, 2022 
 AMONG 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY, AS BORROWER, 
 THE LENDERS, 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 
 
 ASSOCIATED BANK, N.A., 
 AS SYNDICATION AGENT 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 LEAD ARRANGER AND SOLE BOOK RUNNER 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; ETC. 
 1 

1.1. Definitions 
 1 

1.2. Other Interpretative Provisions 
 21 

1.3. Divisions 
 21 

1.4. Term SOFR Notification 
 21 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 22 

2.1. The Facility. 
 22 

2.2. Advances. 
 22 

2.3. Method of Borrowing 
 23 

2.4. Upfront Fee; Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment 
 23 

2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance 
 24 

2.6. Optional Principal Payments 
 24 

2.7. Changes in Interest Rate, Etc 
 24 

2.8. Rates Applicable After Default 
 24 

2.9. Method of Payment 
 25 

2.10. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness 
 25 

2.11. Telephonic Notices 
 26 

2.12. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis 
 26 

2.13. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions 
 26 

2.14. Lending Installations 
 26 

2.15. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 
 27 

ARTICLE III INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 27 

3.1. Increased Costs. 
 27 

3.2. Break Funding Payments 
 28 

3.3. Availability of Types of Advances; Adequacy of Interest Rate; Benchmark Replacement 
 28 

3.4. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 
 30 

3.5. Illegality 
 34 

3.6. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 35 

3.7. Interest Rate Limitation 
 36 

3.8. Defaulting Lenders. 
 36 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 37 

4.1. Initial Advance 
 37 

4.2. Each Advance 
 39 

i 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 39 

5.1. Existence and Standing 
 39 

5.2. Authorization and Validity 
 39 

5.3. No Conflict; Government Consent 
 39 

5.4. Financial Statements 
 40 

5.5. Material Adverse Change 
 40 

5.6. Taxes 
 40 

5.7. Litigation and Contingent Obligations 
 40 

5.8. Subsidiaries 
 41 

5.9. ERISA 
 41 

5.10. Accuracy of Information 
 41 

5.11. Regulation U 
 42 

5.12. Compliance With Laws 
 42 

5.13. Ownership of Properties 
 42 

5.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 
 42 

5.15. Environmental Matters 
 42 

5.16. Investment Company Act 
 43 

5.17. Insurance 
 43 

5.18. Regulatory Approval 
 43 

5.19. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 43 

5.20. EEA Financial Institutions 
 43 

5.21. Solvency 
 43 

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 
 43 

6.1. Financial Reporting 
 43 

6.2. Litigation 
 44 

6.3. Use of Proceeds 
 45 

6.4. Notices of Material Events 
 45 

6.5. Conduct of Business 
 45 

6.6. Taxes 
 46 

6.7. Insurance 
 46 

6.8. Compliance with Laws 
 46 

6.9. Maintenance of Properties 
 46 

6.10. Inspection 
 46 

6.11. Merger 
 46 

6.12. Sale of Assets 
 47 

6.13. Liens 
 47 

ii 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

6.14. Affiliates 
 49 

6.15. Financial Covenant 
 49 

ARTICLE VII DEFAULTS 
 50 

ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 
 52 

8.1. Acceleration 
 52 

8.2. Amendments 
 52 

8.3. Preservation of Rights 
 53 

ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 53 

9.1. Survival of Representations 
 53 

9.2. Governmental Regulation 
 53 

9.3. Entire Agreement 
 53 

9.4. Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement 
 53 

9.5. Expenses; Indemnification 
 54 

9.6. Numbers of Documents 
 55 

9.7. Accounting 
 55 

9.8. Severability of Provisions 
 56 

9.9. Nonliability of Lenders 
 56 

9.10. Confidentiality 
 56 

9.11. Nonreliance 
 57 

9.12. Disclosure 
 57 

9.13. No Fiduciary Duty, Etc 
 57 

9.14. USA Patriot Act 
 58 

9.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 58 

9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 59 

9.17. Additional Covenants and Defaults 
 59 

ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 60 

10.1. Appointment; Nature of Relationship 
 60 

10.2. Powers 
 60 

10.3. General Immunity 
 61 

10.4. No Responsibility for Loans, Recitals, Etc 
 61 

10.5. Action on Instructions of Lenders 
 61 

10.6. Employment of Administrative Agents and Counsel 
 61 

10.7. Reliance on Documents; Counsel 
 62 

10.8. Administrative Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification 
 62 

10.9. Notice of Default 
 62 

iii 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 
 Page 

10.10. Rights as a Lender 
 62 

10.11. Lender Credit Decision 
 63 

10.12. Successor Administrative Agent 
 63 

10.13. Administrative Agent and Arranger Fees 
 64 

10.14. Delegation to Affiliates 
 64 

10.15. Other Agents 
 64 

10.16. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 64 

10.17. Certain ERISA Matters 
 64 

10.18. Erroneous Payments 
 66 

ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 
 67 

11.1. Setoff 
 67 

11.2. Ratable Payments 
 67 

ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 
 68 

12.1. Successors and Assigns 
 68 

12.2. Participations. 
 68 

12.3. Assignments. 
 69 

12.4. Dissemination of Information 
 70 

12.5. Tax Treatment 
 71 

12.6. Restriction on Transfer 
 71 

ARTICLE XIII NOTICES 
 71 

13.1. Notices 
 71 

13.2. Change of Address 
 72 

ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 72 

14.1. Counterparts 
 72 

14.2. Electronic Execution of Assignments 
 72 

14.3. Document Imaging; Telecopy and PDF Signatures; Electronic Signatures 
 72 

ARTICLE XV CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 73 

15.1. CHOICE OF LAW 
 73 

15.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 
 73 

15.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 73 

ARTICLE XVI aMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT; REAFFIRMATION 
 74 

iv 

SCHEDULES 
 
 Schedule I		Lenders and Commitments Pricing Schedule 
 Schedule 5.8		Subsidiaries Schedule 6.13		Liens 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit A		Form of Opinion of Borrower s Counsel Exhibit B		Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit C		Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit D		Form of Loan/Credit Related Money Transfer Instruction Exhibit E		Form of Note 
 Exhibit F		Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 v 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2022, is among Madison Gas and Electric Company, the Lenders and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent. 
 R E C I T A L S: 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 7, 2019 by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Existing Lenders and U.S Bank National Association, as administrative agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders provide certain loans and other financial accommodations to the Borrower; 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety to, among other things, extend the revolving credit facility to the Borrower; and 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing, the parties hereto agree that upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 , the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety and superseded by this Agreement; provided, however, the obligation to repay the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement and corresponding Loan Documents. 
 NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; ETC. 
 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement: 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Screen Rate means, with respect to any Term SOFR Advance for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) the sum of (i) the Term SOFR Screen Rate for such Interest Period, plus (ii) the SOFR Adjustment. 
 Administrative Agent means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article X, and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Article X. 
 Advance means a borrowing hereunder (i) made by the Borrower from the Lenders on the same Borrowing Date, or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same date of conversion or continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Advances, for the same Interest Period. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 1 

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. 
 Agent Indemnitee is defined in Section 9.5(iii) . 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders, in the initial aggregate amount of 40,000,000 as changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Agreement means this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) zero, (b) the Prime Rate for such day, (c) the sum of the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 0.50 per annum and (d) the Adjusted Term SOFR Screen Rate (without giving effect to the Applicable Margin) for a one-month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day or if the Term SOFR Screen Rate for such Business Day is not published due to a holiday or other circumstance that the Administrative Agent deems in its sole discretion to be temporary, the immediately preceding Business Day) for Dollars plus 1.00 . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, or the Adjusted Term SOFR Screen Rate shall be effective from the effective date of such change. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used when Term SOFR Advances are unavailable pursuant to Section 2.8 or 3.3, then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the highest of clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, without reference to clause (d) above. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Approved Electronic Platform means IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system. 
 Arranger means U.S. Bank National Association, and its successors, in its capacity as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner. 
 Assignment and Assumption is defined in Section 12.3.1 . 
 Authorized Officer means any of the Chairman, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Borrower, or any individual certified in writing by one of the aforementioned officers, in each case, acting singly. 
 2 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Base Rate Advance means an Advance that, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.8, bears interest at the Base Rate. 
 Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to (a) the Alternate Base Rate for such day plus (b) the Base Rate Margin for such day, in each case changing when and as the Alternate Base Rate or the Base Rate Margin changes. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.8, bears interest at the Base Rate. 
 Base Rate Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 3 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Screen Rate; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.3(ii) , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has become effective pursuant to Section 3.3(ii) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 (1)	Daily Simple SOFR; or 
 (2)	the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement pursuant to clause (2) thereof for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Advance and Term SOFR Advance, the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner 
 4 

substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (1)	in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); and 
 (2)	in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (1)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (2)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such 
 5 

component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3)	a public statement or publication of information by any of the entities referenced in clause (2) above announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark in accordance with Section 3.3(ii), and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark in accordance with Section 3.3(ii). 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower means Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation, and its successors and assigns. 
 Borrowing Date means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder. 
 Borrowing Notice is defined in Section 2.2.3 . 
 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in New York City, New York for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system; provided that, when used in connection with SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, the term Business Day excludes any day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) 
 6 

recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 Capitalized Lease of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Change in Control means (i) that MGE Energy, Inc. shall own less than 100 of the voting equity interests of the Borrower or (ii) the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 30 or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock of MGE Energy, Inc. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or, in the case of any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender (or any Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after such date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Commitment means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule I hereto or as set forth in any assignment agreement relating to any assignment that has become effective pursuant to Section 12.3.2 , as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Indebtedness means at any time the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 7 

Consolidated Net Worth means at any time the consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time. 
 Consolidated Total Capitalization means at any time the sum of Consolidated Indebtedness and Consolidated Net Worth, each calculated at such time. 
 Contingent Obligation of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the Indebtedness of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including any comfort letter, operating agreement, take or pay contract or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership. 
 Conversion/Continuation Notice is defined in Section 2.2.4 . 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (a) 	 a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 (b) 	 a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 (c) 	 a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Determination Date has the meaning provided in the definition of Term SOFR Screen Rate. 
 Default means an event described in Article VII. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 8 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 3.8(ii) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction and any issuance of capital stock or other equity interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing 
 9 

Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Dollar and means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 E-SIGN means the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and any regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Successor means a Person that (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or business trust duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of one of the states of the United States or the District of Columbia, (ii) as a result of a contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will succeed to all or substantially all of the consolidated business and assets of the Borrower, (iii) upon giving effect to such contemplated acquisition, consolidation or merger, will have all or substantially all of its consolidated business and assets conducted and located in the United States and (iv) in the case of the Borrower, is acceptable to the Required Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to (i) the protection of the environment, (ii) the effect of the environment on human health, (iii) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes into surface water, ground water or land, or (iv) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or 
 10 

Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan; (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Pension Plan or Pension Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 Existing Lenders has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.4(ii) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.4 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.4(vi) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Facility Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) November 8, 2027 and (b) the date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 11 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) 0.0 and (b) the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. on such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Floor means 0.0 . 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Indebtedness of a Person means, without duplication, such Person s (i) obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase 
 12 

price of Property or services, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on, or payable out of the proceeds or production from, Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vii) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial accommodation which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person, (viii) Contingent Obligations in respect of any type of obligation described in any of the other clauses of this definition, (ix) obligations in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions and (x) Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities. Obligations of any Person that would constitute Indebtedness solely because of such Person s capacity as a general partner of a partnership that incurred such Indebtedness shall not constitute Indebtedness of such Person if such Indebtedness in non-recourse to the partnership and neither such Person nor any Subsidiary thereof has any Contingent Obligations with respect to such Indebtedness. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee is defined in Section 9.5(ii) . 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender parent, (c) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided that, with respect to clause (c) , such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to a Term SOFR Advance, a period of one, three or six months (in each case, subject to the availability thereof) commencing on a Business Day selected by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement and ending on the day that corresponds numerically to such date one, three or six months thereafter; provided that 
 (a) 	 any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 
 (b) 	 any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; 
 13 

(c) 	 no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Facility Termination Date; and 
 (d) 	 no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.3(ii)(d) may be available for selection by the Borrower. 
 JPM Facility means the amended and restated credit agreement dated on or around the date hereof among the Borrower, various financial institutions, U.S. Bank National Association and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any successor) as administrative agent. 
 Lenders means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Lending Installation means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, the office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Administrative Agent listed on the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 Lien means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement). 
 Loan means, with respect to a Lender, a loan made by such Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof). 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement and each Note issued pursuant to Section 2.10 . 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance or properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Note means any promissory note in the form of Exhibit E hereto issued at the request of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 to evidence its Loans. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations 
 14 

of the Borrower to any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (i) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability under any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which is not a Capitalized Lease, (iii) any liability under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, but excluding from this clause (iv) Operating Leases. 
 Operating Lease of a Person means any lease of Property (other than a Capitalized Lease) by such Person as lessee which has an original term (including any required renewals and any renewals effective at the option of the lessor) of one year or more. 
 Original Effective Date means June 1, 2015. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.4 ). 
 Participant Register is defined in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Participants is defined in Section 12.2.1 . 
 Patriot Act is defined in Section 9.14 . 
 Payment Date means the last day of each month. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means a pension plan as such term is defined in section 3(2) of ERISA (including any Multiemployer Plan), which is subject to Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code, and to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may have liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under section 4069 of ERISA. 
 15 

Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pricing Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 
 Prime Rate means a rate per annum equal to the prime rate of interest announced by U.S. Bank or its parent from time to time (which is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer), changing when and as such prime rate changes. 
 Principal Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (i) which together with its Subsidiaries has assets having an aggregate book value exceeding 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) which together with its Subsidiaries had net income in excess of 10 of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters. 
 Property of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Purchasers is defined in Section 12.3.1 . 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender. 
 Reference Time means the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register is defined in Section 12.3.3 . 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the FRB as from time to time in effect. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the FRB relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 16 

Regulation X means Regulation X of the FRB as from time to time in effect. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Pension Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event, provided, that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Code. 
 Reports is defined in Section 9.5 . 
 Required Lenders means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 50 of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 51 of the outstanding principal amount of all Loans; provided that, if there are only two Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders. Any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.1 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.2 ). 
 S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of Property by any Person with the intent to lease such Property as lessee. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) , or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. 
 17 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 Screen has the meaning provided in the definition of Term SOFR Screen Rate. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. 
 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10 . 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Solvent means, at to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts, including contingent debts, as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities, including contingent debts and liabilities, beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50 of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Substantial Portion means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, Property which represents more than 10 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or property which is responsible for more than 10 of the consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the 
 18 

beginning of the twelve-month period ending with the month in which such determination is made (or if financial statements have not been delivered hereunder for that month which begins the twelve-month period, then the financial statements delivered hereunder for the quarter ending immediately prior to that month). 
 Syndication Agent means Associated Bank, N.A. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, and any and all liabilities with respect to the foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 
 Term SOFR means the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or a successor administrator of Term SOFR). 
 Term SOFR Administrator s Website means https://www.cmegroup.com/market-data/cme-group-benchmark-administration/term-sofr, or any successor source for Term SOFR identified as such by the Term SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Term SOFR Advance means an Advance that, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.8 , bears interest at the applicable Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Margin means, at any time, a percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with the Pricing Schedule . 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.8 , bears interest at the applicable Term SOFR Rate other than pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, for the relevant Interest Period, the sum of (a) the Adjusted Term SOFR Screen Rate applicable to such Interest Period, plus (b) the Term SOFR Margin. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means, for the relevant Interest Period, the Term SOFR rate quoted by the Administrative Agent from the Term SOFR Administrator s Website (the Screen for such Interest Period, which shall be the Term SOFR rate published two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period (such Business Day, the Determination Date ). If as of 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on any Determination Date, the Term SOFR rate has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator or on the Screen, then the rate used will be that as published by the Term SOFR Administrator or on the Screen for the first preceding Business Day for which such rate was published on such Screen so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Determination Date. 
 Transferee is defined in Section 12.4 . 
 19 

Type means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as a Base Rate Advance or a Term SOFR Advance. 
 UETA means the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in the State of Wisconsin, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and any regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unmatured Default means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default. 
 U.S. Bank means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in Section 3.4(vi)(b)(ii)(3) . 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the outstanding voting securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization 100 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial 
 20 

Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.2. Other Interpretative Provisions . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context requires, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed to refer to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless another document is specifically referenced and (iii) any reference to any law or regulation shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, supplementing, reforming, replacing or interpreting such law or regulation. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the word to means to but excluding . Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to a time of day means such time in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
 1.3. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. 
 1.4. Term SOFR Notification . The interest rate on Term SOFR Advances is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Screen Rate, which is derived from Term SOFR. Section 3.3(ii) provides a mechanism for (a) determining an alternative rate of interest if Term SOFR is no longer available or in the other circumstances set forth in Section 3.3(ii) , and (b) modifying this Agreement to give effect to such alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Term SOFR or other rates in the definition of Term SOFR Base Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including any Benchmark Replacement), including without limitation, whether any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.3(ii) , will have the same value as, or be economically equivalent to, Term SOFR. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a 
 21 

manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Base Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 2.1. The Facility . 
 2.1.1. Description of Facility . The Lenders grant to the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, each Lender severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2 . 
 2.1.2. Limitations on Loans . In no event may (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitment or (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans of any Lender at any time exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment. 
 2.1.3. Availability of Facility . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the facility is available from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, and the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow at any time prior to the Facility Termination Date. The Commitments shall expire on the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.1.4. Repayment of Facility . Any outstanding Advances and all other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.2. Advances . 
 2.2.1. Advances . Each Advance hereunder shall consist of Loans made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the ratio that their respective Commitments bear to the Aggregate Commitment. 
 2.2.2. Types of Advances . The Advances may be Base Rate Advances or Term SOFR Advances, or a combination thereof, selected by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2.3 . 
 2.2.3. Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for Advances . The Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Term SOFR Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto, from time to time. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Borrowing Notice not later than 12:00 noon (x) on the Borrowing Date of each Base Rate Advance and (y) at least three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Term SOFR Advance. A Borrowing Notice shall specify: 
 (i)	the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance, 
 22 

(ii)	the aggregate amount of such Advance, 
 (iii)	the Type of Advance selected, and 
 (iv)	in the case of each Term SOFR Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not end after the Facility Termination Date). 
 2.2.4. Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances . Base Rate Advances shall continue as Base Rate Advances unless and until such Base Rate Advances are either converted into Term SOFR Advances in accordance with this Section 2.2.4 or are repaid in accordance with Section 2.6. Each Term SOFR Advance shall continue as a Term SOFR Advance until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Term SOFR Advance shall be automatically converted into a SOFR Advance with an Interest Period of one month unless (x) such Term SOFR Advance is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.6 or (y) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice (as defined below) requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such Term SOFR Advance continue as a Term SOFR Advance for the same or another Interest Period. Subject to the terms of Section 2.5 , the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of a Base Rate Advance into a Term SOFR Advance. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (a Conversion/Continuation Notice of each conversion of a Base Rate Advance into a Term SOFR Advance, or continuation of a Term SOFR Advance, not later than 12:00 noon at least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation, specifying: 
 (i)	the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion or continuation, 
 (ii)	the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be converted or continued, and 
 (iii)	the amount of such Advance(s) which is to be converted into or continued as a Term SOFR Advance and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 2.3. Method of Borrowing . Not later than 1:00 p.m. on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in Chicago to the Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII. The Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the Lenders available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent s aforesaid address. 
 2.4. Upfront Fee; Commitment Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the date hereof an upfront fee equal to 0.25 of such Lender s Commitment. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee at a per annum rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily unused amount of such Lender s Commitment from the date hereof to the Facility Termination Date, payable on the last day of each calendar quarter hereafter and on the Facility Termination Date; provided that the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay a commitment fee for the account of any Lender with respect to any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. The Borrower may permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders in an amount equal to 5,000,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess of 5,000,000 upon at least two Business Days 
 23 

written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided, that the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may not be reduced below the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances. All accrued commitment fees shall be payable on the effective date of any termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance . Each Term SOFR Advance shall be in the amount of 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000), and each Base Rate Advance shall be in the amount of (i) 1,000,000 (or a higher integral multiple of 500,000) or, if applicable, (ii) the amount of then outstanding commercial paper being repaid with the proceeds of such Base Rate Advance, provided that any Base Rate Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower shall not request a Term SOFR Advance if, after giving effect to the requested Term SOFR Advance, more than ten separate Term SOFR Advances would be outstanding. 
 2.6. Optional Principal Payments . The Borrower may from time to time pay on any Business Day, without penalty or premium, all outstanding Base Rate Advances, or, in the amount of 1,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of the outstanding Base Rate Advances upon notice to the Administrative Agent (not later than 12:00 noon) on the proposed day of payment. The Borrower may from time to time pay, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.2 but without penalty or premium, all outstanding Term SOFR Advances or, in the amount of 1,000,000 (or, if less, the outstanding amount of any Term SOFR Advance) or a higher integral multiple of 500,000, any portion of any outstanding Term SOFR Advance upon two Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent. 
 2.7. Changes in Interest Rate, Etc. Each Base Rate Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Advance is made or is converted from a Term SOFR Advance into a Base Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 to the date it becomes due or is converted into a Term SOFR Advance pursuant to Section 2.2.4 , at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate. Changes in the rate of interest on that portion of any Advance maintained as a Base Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate. Each Term SOFR Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the first day of the Interest Period applicable thereto to the last day of such Interest Period at the Term SOFR Rate determined as applicable to such Term SOFR Advance based upon the Borrower s selections under Sections 2.2.3 and 2.2.4 and the Pricing Schedule. No Interest Period may end after the Facility Termination Date. 
 2.8. Rates Applicable After Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.2.3 or Section 2.2.4 , during the continuance of a Default or Unmatured Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that no Advance may be made as, converted into or continued as a Term SOFR Advance. During the continuance of a Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i) each Term SOFR Advance shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the rate 
 24 

otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 1.5 per annum or (ii) each Base Rate Advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus 1.5 per annum, provided that, during the continuance of a Default under Section 7.7 or 7.8 , the interest rates set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be applicable to all Advances without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 2.9. Method of Payment . All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s address specified pursuant to Article XIII, or at any other Lending Installation of the Administrative Agent specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, by noon (local time) on the date when due and shall be applied ratably by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders. Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Administrative Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Administrative Agent from such Lender. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to automatically charge the account of the Borrower maintained with U.S. Bank (account number: xxxxxxxxx) for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder. 
 2.10. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness . (i) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (ii)	The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (b) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and, (c) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (iii)	The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms. 
 (iv)	Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by Notes. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 be represented by a Note payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 12.3 , except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above. 
 
 25 

2.11. Telephonic Notices . The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances, and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Administrative Agent or any Lender in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of the Borrower, it being understood that the foregoing authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices and Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically. The Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Administrative Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall govern absent manifest error. 
 2.12. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis . Interest accrued on each Base Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which the Base Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Base Rate Advance converted into a Term SOFR Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of conversion. Interest accrued on each Term SOFR Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which such Term SOFR Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity. Interest accrued on each Term SOFR Advance having an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable on the last day of each three month interval during such Interest Period. Interest and commitment fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360 day year, except that interest calculated based on the Prime Rate shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365, or when appropriate 366, day year. Interest shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to noon (local time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment. 
 2.13. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions . Promptly after receipt thereof, the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Borrowing Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice, and repayment notice received by it hereunder. The Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Term SOFR Advance promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate. 
 2.14. Lending Installations . Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and any Loan issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Installation. Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with Article XIII, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made. 
 26 

2.15. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent . Unless the Borrower or a Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date on which it is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal, interest or fees to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such payment has been made. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption. If such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may be, has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Administrative Agent, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made available together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Administrative Agent until the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day for the first three days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (y) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan. 
 ARTICLE III INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 
 3.1. Increased Costs . 
 (i)	If any Change in Law shall: 
 (a)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 
 (b)	impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; or 
 (c)	subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (ii)	If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital 
 27 

or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (iii)	A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (iv)	Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 3.2. Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term SOFR Advance other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR Advance other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Advance on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.6 and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Advance other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.6 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 3.3. Availability of Types of Advances; Adequacy of Interest Rate; Benchmark Replacement . 
 (i)	 Availability of Term SOFR Advances . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but subject to Section 3.3(ii) , if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan, the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have determined, that the interest rate applicable to Term SOFR Advances for any requested Interest Period is not ascertainable or available 
 28 

(including, without limitation, because the applicable Screen (or on any successor or substitute page on such screen) is unavailable) and such inability to ascertain or unavailability is not expected to be permanent, or does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost of making or maintaining Term SOFR Advances, then, until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice, the Administrative Agent shall suspend the availability of Term SOFR Advances and require any affected Term SOFR Advances to be repaid or converted to Base Rate Advances, subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.2 . 
 (ii)	 Benchmark Replacement . 
 (a)	 Benchmark Transition Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on the last day of each month. 
 (b)	 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (c)	 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.3(ii) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
 29 

absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.3(ii) . 
 (d)	 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Screen Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for any Benchmark settings and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e)	 Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon notice to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 10.1 of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period and until a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with this Section 3.3(ii) , the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term SOFR Advance, or any request for the conversion or continuation of a Term SOFR Advance to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request at the end of the applicable Interest Period into a request for a Base Rate Advance or conversion to a Base Rate Advance. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 3.4. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . 
 (i)	 Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary 
 30 

so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (ii)	 Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (iii)	 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv)	 Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (v)	 Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (a) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (b) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.2.1 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (c) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (v) . 
 (vi)	 Status of Lenders . 
 (a)	Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed 
 31 

documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.4(vi)(b)(i) , (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (b)	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (i)	any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 (ii)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 1.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 2.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 3.	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially 
 32 

in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
 4.	to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (iii)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (iv)	if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 33 

(vii)	 Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (vii) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (vii) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (vii) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (viii)	 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (ix)	 Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term applicable law includes FATCA.	 
 3.5. Illegality . If any Lender determines that any law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Advances or to convert Base Rate Advances to Term SOFR Advances shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Advances the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert each Term SOFR Loan of such Lender to a Base Rate Loan (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loan shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender can lawfully 
 34 

continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Lender cannot lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan, and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.2 . 
 3.6. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (i)	 If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.4 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 3.1 or 3.4 , as the case may be, in the future and (b) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (ii)	If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.4 , or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender does not consent to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent of each of the Lenders or each of the Lenders affected thereby (so long as the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.1 ), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.4 and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (a) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.1 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.4 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment 
 35 

and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 3.7. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges ), exceeds the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate. To the extent lawful, the interest and charges that would have been paid in respect of such Loan but were not paid as a result of the operation of this Section 3.7 shall be cumulated and the interest and charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the amount collectible at the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate for each day to the date of repayment, has been received by such Lender. 
 3.8. Defaulting Lenders . 
 (i)	 Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
 (a)	 Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 8.2 . 
 (b)	 Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Advances under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against 
 36 

such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; sixth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent, distributed to the Lenders other than the Defaulting Lender until the ratio of the outstanding Loans of such Lenders to the aggregate outstanding Advances equals such ratio immediately prior to the Defaulting Lender s failure to fund any portion of any Advances; and seventh, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Advances are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 3.8(i)(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c)	 Certain Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any commitment fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (ii)	 Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that (i) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and (ii) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 4.1. Initial Advance . The Lenders shall not be required to make the initial Advance hereunder unless the Borrower has made payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in immediately available funds the upfront fees payable under Section 2.4 and the Borrower has furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient copies for the Lenders: 
 37 

(i)	Copies of the restated articles or certificate of incorporation of the Borrower, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good standing, each certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation, as well as any other information required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act or necessary for the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify the identity of Borrower as required by Section 326 of the Patriot Act. 
 (ii)	Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, of its by laws and of its Board of Directors resolutions and of resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party. 
 (iii)	An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Authorized Officers and any other officers of the Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Borrower. 
 (iv)	A certificate, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, stating that on the date of this Agreement (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and correct in all material respects, (b) no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing and (c) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent. 
 (v)	A written opinion of the Borrower s counsel, addressed to the Lenders in substantially the form of Exhibit A. 
 (vi)	Any Note requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the order of such requesting Lender. 
 (vii)	(a) At least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (b) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (vii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 (viii)	Evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding this Agreement. 
 (ix)	All fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 
 (x)	Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may have reasonably requested. 
 38 

4.2. Each Advance . The Lenders shall not be required to make any Advance unless on the date of such Advance: 
 (i)	No Default or Unmatured Default exists or would result from such Advance. 
 (ii)	The representations and warranties contained in Article V (other than, in the case of each Advance to be made after the date of this Agreement, Sections 5.5 and 5.7 are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Advance except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 
 (iii)	All legal matters incident to the making of such Advance shall be satisfactory to the Lenders and their counsel (including evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of any required governmental approvals or consents regarding such Advance). 
 Each delivery of a Borrowing Notice shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been satisfied. Any Lender may require delivery of a duly completed compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B as a condition to making an Advance. 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 5.1. Existence and Standing . Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary is a corporation, partnership (in the case of Principal Subsidiaries only) or limited liability company duly and properly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. Each of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted other than where the failure to be so authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.2. Authorization and Validity . The Borrower has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized by proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles. 
 5.3. No Conflict; Government Consent . Neither the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, nor the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions therein contemplated, nor compliance by the Borrower with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the 
 39 

Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower s or any Principal Subsidiary s articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of organization, by laws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be, or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any Governmental Authority, or any subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, the borrowings under this Agreement, the payment and performance by the Borrower of the Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any of the Loan Documents. 
 5.4. Financial Statements . The December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Lenders were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date and the consolidated results of their operations for the period then ended. 
 5.5. Material Adverse Change . Since December 31, 2021, there has been no change in the business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.6. Taxes . MGE Energy, Inc., the parent corporation for the Borrower, has, or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have, filed all United States federal tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The United States income tax returns of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, are not subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes, except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are adequate. 
 5.7. Litigation and Contingent Obligations . There is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the controller or the general counsel, overtly threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or which seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Advance. Other than any liability incident to any 
 40 

litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower has no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4 . 
 5.8. Subsidiaries . Schedule 5.8 contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the date of this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of their respective capital stock or other ownership interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of such Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non assessable. 
 5.9. ERISA . 
 (i)	Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, and to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
 (ii)	There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or actions by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (iii)	No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Pension Plans (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than 50,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Pension Plans. 
 5.10. Accuracy of Information . 
 (i)	No information, exhibit or report furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in connection with the negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, contained any material misstatement of fact or 
 41 

omitted to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in any material respect as of the time when made or delivered. 
 (ii)	As of the Restatement Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 
 5.11. Regulation U . The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Advance hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Advance, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 5.12. Compliance With Laws . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property except for any failure to comply with any of the foregoing which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.13. Ownership of Properties . On the date of this Agreement, the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries have good title, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.13 , to all of the Property and assets reflected in the Borrower s most recent consolidated financial statements provided to the Administrative Agent as owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 5.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Advance, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 5.15. Environmental Matters . In the ordinary course of its business, the officers of the Borrower consider the effect of Environmental Laws on the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate potential risks and liabilities accruing to the Borrower due to Environmental Laws. On the basis of this consideration, as of the date hereof, the Borrower has concluded that Environmental Laws cannot reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof. Except to the extent disclosed in the Borrower s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, neither the Borrower nor any Principal Subsidiary has received any notice to the effect that its operations are not in material compliance with any of the requirements of applicable Environmental Laws or are the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non compliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 42 

5.16. Investment Company Act . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.17. Insurance . The Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice. 
 5.18. Regulatory Approval . No consent, authorization or approval of, and/or filing or registration with, any governmental body or regulatory authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents or for the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, or for the validity or enforceability thereof. 
 5.19. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower s and the applicable Subsidiaries respective employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Advance, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 5.20. EEA Financial Institutions . The Borrower is not an EEA Financial Institution. 
 5.21. Solvency . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are Solvent as of the Restatement Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 
 During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 
 6.1. Financial Reporting . The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each Subsidiary, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Lenders: 
 (i)	Within 90 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, an unqualified (except for qualifications relating to changes in accounting principles or practices reflecting changes in generally accepted accounting principles and required or approved by the Borrower s independent certified public accountants) audit report certified by independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, prepared in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows. 
 43 

(ii)	Within 45 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years, for itself and its Subsidiaries, consolidated unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and consolidated profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer. 
 (iii)	Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1 , if and so long as the Borrower shall file regular and periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 and 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, delivery to the Administrative Agent of copies of the Borrower s reports on Forms 10K and 10Q promptly following filing thereof with the SEC, but in any event not later than within the periods set forth in Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , shall constitute full compliance with those sections. 
 (iv)	Together with the financial statements required under Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) , a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit B signed by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or treasurer showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with this Agreement and stating that no Default or Unmatured Default exists, or if any Default or Unmatured Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 
 (v)	As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after the Borrower knows that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, a statement, signed by the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower, describing such Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 (vi)	As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after receipt by the Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect that the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any Person as a result of the release by the Borrower, any of its Principal Subsidiaries, or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal, state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation by the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 (vii)	Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries files with the SEC. 
 (viii)	(a) Such other information (including non financial information) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request and (b) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 6.2. Litigation . The Borrower shall promptly give to each Lender notice of all legal or arbitral proceedings, and of all proceedings before any Governmental Authority, to which the 
 44 

Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries is a party, except proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8 K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 6.3. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of the Advances for general corporate purposes, including commercial paper back-up (in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements). No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Advance, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 6.4. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, give prompt notice in writing to the Lenders of: 
 (i)	The occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default of which the Borrower becomes aware and of any other development, financial or otherwise, of which the Borrower becomes aware which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower may satisfy any such notice requirement by delivering to the Administrative Agent a copy of the Borrower s report on Form 8-K describing such event, promptly following filing thereof with the SEC. 
 (ii)	Any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. 
 (iii)	The occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.5. Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, (a) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, including reasonable extensions of such business, (b) do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing as a domestic corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and (c) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted and the failure so to maintain such authority would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that this Section shall not be deemed to prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.11 or 6.12 . 
 45 

6.6. Taxes . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, timely file complete and correct United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax returns required by law and pay when due Taxes imposed upon it or upon its property, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or where nonpayment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.7. Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full information as to the insurance carried. 
 6.8. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, including all Environmental Laws, except where noncompliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 6.9. Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property (except such Property the failure of which to maintain or preserve would not have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect) in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times; provided the foregoing shall not prevent the Borrower or its Principal Subsidiaries from abandoning or disposing of any property that is no longer used or useful in its business or obsolete. 
 6.10. Inspection . Subject to Section 9.10 , the Borrower will, and will cause each Principal Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Principal Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers at such reasonable times and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may designate. 
 6.11. Merger . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of its Subsidiaries in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or liquidate or dissolve, except that (i) a Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person; provided that, in each case, immediately before and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (A) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which 
 46 

the Borrower is a party, either (x) the Borrower shall be the surviving entity or (y) the surviving entity shall be an Eligible Successor and shall have assumed all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement pursuant to a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to it as to the enforceability of such obligations assumed and (B) subject to clause (A) above, in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which any Principal Subsidiary is a party, a Principal Subsidiary shall be the surviving entity. 
 6.12. Sale of Assets . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, make any Disposition, except: 
 (i)	Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business. 
 (ii)	Dispositions of assets which have become obsolete or no longer used or useful in the business of the Borrower or any such Principal Subsidiary. 
 (iii)	Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (A) such disposition is in the ordinary course of business or (B) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property. 
 (iv)	Dispositions of Property by a Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Subsidiary. 
 (v)	Dispositions of Property that, together with all other Property of the Borrower and its Principal Subsidiaries previously leased, sold or disposed of (other than dispositions permitted by the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.12 as permitted by this Section during the twelve month period ending with the month in which any such lease, sale or other disposition occurs, do not constitute a Substantial Portion of the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 6.13. Liens . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Principal Subsidiary to, create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, except: 
 (i)	Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its Property if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. 
 (ii)	Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s and mechanics liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted. 
 (iii)	Liens arising out of pledges or deposits under worker s compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation. 
 (iv)	Liens incidental to the normal conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the ownership of its property or the conduct of the ordinary course of its business, 
 47 

including (A) zoning restrictions, easements, rights of way, reservations, restrictions on the use of real property and other minor irregularities of title, (B) rights of lessees under leases, (C) rights of collecting banks having rights of setoff, revocation, refund or chargeback with respect to money or instruments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary on deposit with or in the possession of such banks, (D) Liens or deposits to secure the performance of statutory obligations, tenders, bids, leases, progress payments, performance or return-of-money bonds, performance or other similar bonds or other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (E) Liens required by any contract or statute in order to permit the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower to perform any contract or subcontract made by it with or pursuant to the requirements of a Governmental Authority, in each case which are not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money, the obtaining of advances or credit or the payment of the deferred purchase price of Property and which do not in the aggregate impair the use of property in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 (v)	Liens on property existing at the time of acquisition thereof or Liens affecting property of a Person existing at the time it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or at the time it is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that, in either case, such Liens were not granted in contemplation of such acquisition or in contemplation of the transaction pursuant to which such Person became a Subsidiary; and provided further that in either case, such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries other than the property that secured the acquired Indebtedness prior to the time such Indebtedness became Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary. 
 (vi)	Liens on property securing Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 12 months after the acquisition thereof for the purpose of financing all or part of the purchase price thereof, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any other property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Indebtedness secured thereby was incurred to pay, and does not exceed, the purchase price thereof. 
 (vii)	Liens on any improvements to property securing Indebtedness incurred to provide funds for all or part of the cost of such improvements in a principal amount not exceeding the cost of acquisition or construction of such improvements and incurred within 12 months after completion of such improvements or construction, provided that such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than such improvements. 
 (viii)	Liens to government entities granted to secure pollution control or industrial revenue bond financings, which Liens in each financing transaction cover only the property the acquisition of which, or the construction of which, was financed by such financing, and property related thereto. 
 (ix)	any Lien incurred or deposits to secure the performance of surety bonds incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, provided that such Liens shall cover only the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries interests in and relating to the contract underlying the transaction for which such surety bonds were issued. 
 48 

(x)	Liens on cash or cash equivalents created or existing to secure stay or appeal bonds or otherwise resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate action promptly initiated and diligently conducted, including the Lien of any judgment; provided that the aggregate amount secured by all such Liens does not exceed 50,000,000. 
 (xi)	Liens securing any extension, renewal, replacement or refinancing of Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), and (xii); provided that 
 (A)	such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus improvements on such property) and 
 (B)	the amount secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the amount outstanding at the time of such renewal, replacement or refinancing. 
 (xii)	agreements for and obligations relating to the joint or common use of property owned by the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary in common or jointly with one or more other parties. 
 (xiii)	any Lien created or existing in the LC Collateral Account (as defined and provided in the JPM Facility). 
 (xiv)	Liens existing on the Restatement Effective Date and described in Schedule 6.13. 
 6.14. Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Principal Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase or sale of any Property or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate except (i) in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Borrower s or such Principal Subsidiary s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, (ii) transactions with Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 50,000,000 or (iii) pursuant to agreements or transactions authorized or approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin or federal utilities regulatory bodies (provided that in the case of any agreement or transaction having terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Principal Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction, such authorization or approval acknowledges the non arms length nature of such terms). 
 6.15. Financial Covenant . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of (i) its Consolidated Indebtedness to (ii) its Consolidated Total Capitalization to exceed 0.65 to 1.0 at any time. 
 49 

ARTICLE VII DEFAULTS 
 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default: 
 7.1. 	The Borrower shall default in the payment of any principal of any Loan when due. 
 7.2. 	The Borrower shall default in the payment of interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by it hereunder and such default shall continue for two Business Days after the same becomes due and payable. 
 7.3. 	The Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall default in the payment when due of any principal of or interest on (i) Indebtedness under the JPM Facility or (ii) other Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount (for all affected Indebtedness described in this clause (ii) of 50,000,000 or more if, in the case of both clause (i) and clause (ii) , the effect of such default is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, such Indebtedness; or any event specified in any note, agreement, indenture or other document evidencing or relating to Indebtedness described in clause (i) or to Indebtedness with an aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 or more described in clause (ii) above shall occur if the effect of such event is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 
 7.4. 	Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made herein by the Borrower, or any certificate furnished to any Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions hereof, shall prove to have been false or misleading as of the time made, deemed made, or furnished in any material respect. 
 7.5. 	The Borrower shall default in the performance of its obligations under Section 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.12 , 6.13 , 6.14 or 6.15 . 
 7.6. 	The Borrower shall default in the performance of any of its other obligations in this Agreement and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a senior officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such default, or (ii) the date on which notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent). 
 7.7. 	The Borrower shall admit in writing its inability to, or be generally unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due. 
 7.8. 	The Borrower shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect), (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or readjustment of debts, (v) fail to controvert in a timely and appropriate manner, or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case 
 50 

under the Bankruptcy Code, or (vi) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 
 7.9. 	A proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application or consent of the Borrower, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (i) its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up, or the composition or readjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of the Borrower or of all or any substantial part of its assets, or (iii) similar relief in respect of the Borrower under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up or composition or adjustment of debts, and such proceeding or case shall continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief against the Borrower shall be entered in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 7.10. 	A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of 50,000,000 in the aggregate that is not covered by insurance, performance bonds or the like shall be rendered by a court or courts against the Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, and the same shall not be discharged (or provision shall not be made for such discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, within 90 days from the date of entry thereof and the Borrower or the relevant Principal Subsidiary shall not, within such period of 90 days, or such longer period during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal. 
 7.11. 	Any of the following events shall occur with respect to any Pension Plan: 
 (i)	the institution of any steps by the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate or any other Person to terminate a Pension Plan if, as a result of such termination, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or could reasonably expect to incur a liability or obligation to such Pension Plan, in excess of 50,000,000; or 
 (ii)	the complete or partial withdrawal from any Pension Plan by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate if, as a result of such withdrawal, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could incur any liability by such Pension Plan in excess of 50,000,000; or 
 (iii)	a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA; or 
 (iv)	an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.12. 	Any license, consent, authorization or approval, filing or registration now or hereafter necessary to enable the Borrower to comply with its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be revoked, withdrawn, withheld or not effected or shall cease to be in full force and effect. 
 7.13. 	A Change in Control shall occur. 
 51 

7.14. 	Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower or any other Person contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document. 
 ARTICLE VIII ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 
 8.1. Acceleration . If any Default described in Section 7.7 , 7.8 or 7.9 occurs with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives. 
 If, within 30 days after acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations or termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder as a result of any Default (other than any Default as described in Section 7.7 , 7.8 or 7.9 with respect to the Borrower) and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders (in their sole discretion) shall so direct, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, rescind and annul such acceleration and/or termination. 
 8.2. Amendments . Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 3.3 , the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any Default hereunder; provided that no such supplemental agreement shall: 
 (i)	without the consent of each Lender affected thereby: 
 (a)	extend the Facility Termination Date or the final maturity of any Loan, forgive all or any portion of the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of any interest or fees hereunder; or 
 (b)	increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender; or 
 (c)	amend Section 11.2 ; or 
 (ii)	without the consent of all Lenders: 
 (a)	reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders; 
 52 

(b)	permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement; or 
 (c)	amend this Section 8.2 . 
 No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Administrative Agent shall be effective without the written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may waive payment of the fee required under Section 12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except for matters described in subsection (i) or clause (c) of subsection (ii) of this Section 8.2 . 
 8.3. Preservation of Rights . No delay or omission of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of an Advance notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Advance shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence. Any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2 , and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in full. 
 ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 9.1. Survival of Representations . All representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive during the period that the Advances are outstanding. 
 9.2. Governmental Regulation . Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any applicable statute or regulation. 
 9.3. Entire Agreement . The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof other than the fee letter described in Section 10.13 . 
 9.4. Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement, provided that the parties hereto expressly 
 53 

agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.5 , 9.9 and 10.11 to the extent specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf and in its own name to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement. 
 9.5. Expenses; Indemnification . (i) The Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Arranger for any reasonable costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, syndication, distribution (including via the internet), review, amendment, modification, and administration of the Loan Documents. The Borrower also agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender for any costs, internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including attorneys fees and time charges of attorneys for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and such Lender, which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or such Lender) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender in connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan Documents. Expenses being reimbursed by the Borrower under this Section include costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Reports described in the following sentence. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time U.S. Bank may prepare and may distribute to the Lenders (but shall have no obligation or duty to prepare or to distribute to the Lenders) certain audit reports (the Reports pertaining to the Borrower s assets for internal use by U.S. Bank from information furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower, after U.S. Bank has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (ii)	The Borrower hereby further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender, their respective affiliates, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any Lender or any affiliate is a party thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by a third party, by the Borrower or by an affiliate of the Borrower. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 9.5 shall survive the payment of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (iii)	Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section 9.5 to the Administrative Agent and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against 
 54 

any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (iv)	To the extent permitted by applicable law (a) the Borrower shall not assert, and the Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (b) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this clause (iv)(b) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (v)	All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 9.6. Numbers of Documents . All statements, notices, closing documents, and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient counterparts so that the Administrative Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders. 
 9.7. Accounting . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, (i) any calculation or determination which is to be made on a consolidated basis shall exclude any assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that are included in Borrower s financial statements from variable interest entities as a result of the application of FIN No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities an Interpretation of ARB No. 51, as updated through FIN No. 46-R and as modified by FIN No. 94 and (ii) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such 
 55 

notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (a) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (b) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 9.8. Severability of Provisions . Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable. 
 9.9. Nonliability of Lenders . The relationship between the Borrower on the one hand and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower s business or operations. The Borrower agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender shall have liability to the Borrower (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential damages suffered by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 9.10. Confidentiality . Each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of Information (as defined below) which it may receive from the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with any inspection conducted pursuant to Section 6.10 , except for disclosure (i) to its Affiliates, to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives of any of the foregoing (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to legal counsel, accountants, and other professional advisors to such Lender or to a Transferee, (iii) to regulatory 
 56 

officials, (iv) to any Person as requested pursuant to or as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal proceeding to which such Lender is a party, (vi) to such Lender s direct or indirect contractual counterparties in swap agreements or to legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors to such counterparties, (vii) permitted by Section 12.4 , (viii) with the consent of Borrower, and (ix) to the extent such Information (a) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (b) becomes available to any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, U.S. Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information but no less than a reasonable degree of care. 
 9.11. Nonreliance . Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) for the repayment of the Loans provided for herein. 
 9.12. Disclosure . The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that U.S. Bank and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. 
 9.13. No Fiduciary Duty, Etc . 
 (i)	The Borrower and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the Borrower and its Affiliates. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other Person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 57 

(ii)	The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 (iii)	In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 
 9.14. USA Patriot Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 9.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (i)	the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (ii)	the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (a)	a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 58 

(b)	a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (c)	the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 9.17. Additional Covenants and Defaults . If at any time the JPM Facility is amended or otherwise modified so that, as so amended or modified, it has any material covenant or default provision not substantially provided for in this Agreement or that is more favorable to the lender or lenders thereunder than those provided for in this Agreement, then (a) the terms of this Agreement shall, without any further action on the part of the Borrower or any Lender, be deemed to be amended automatically to include the applicable covenant or default provision contained in the JPM Facility; and (b) upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall promptly enter into an amendment to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, incorporating such covenant or default into this Agreement (it being 
 59 

understood that the execution and delivery of such amendment shall not be a condition to the effectiveness of the automatic amendment described in clause (a) above, but shall merely be for the convenience of the parties hereto). 
 Any covenant or default provision incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.17 (herein referred to as an Incorporated Covenant (i) shall be deemed automatically amended herein to reflect any subsequent amendments made to such covenant or default provision in the JPM Facility; provided that if any Unmatured Default or Default then exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant) and the amendment of such covenant or default provision would result in such covenant or provision being less restrictive on the Borrower, such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed automatically amended at such time as no Unmatured Default or Default then exists and (ii) shall be deemed automatically deleted from this Agreement at such time as such covenant or default provision is deleted or otherwise removed from the JPM Facility or the JPM Facility shall have been terminated, all commitments thereunder cancelled and all liabilities existing thereunder paid in full (other than unasserted contingent liabilities and obligations); provided that, if an Unmatured Default or Default then exists (including in respect of such Incorporated Covenant), such Incorporated Covenant shall only be deemed automatically deleted from this Agreement at such time as no Unmatured Default or Default then exists. 
 ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 10.1. Appointment; Nature of Relationship . U.S. Bank National Association is hereby appointed by each of the Lenders as its contractual representative (herein referred to as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the contractual representative of such Lender with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article X. Notwithstanding the use of the defined term Administrative Agent, it is expressly understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any fiduciary responsibilities to any Lender by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and that the Administrative Agent is merely acting as the contractual representative of the Lenders with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In its capacity as the Lenders contractual representative, the Administrative Agent (i) does not hereby assume any fiduciary duties to any of the Lenders, (ii) is a representative of the Lenders within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code and (iii) is acting as an independent contractor, the rights and duties of which are limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each of the Lenders hereby agrees to assert no claim against the Administrative Agent on any agency theory or any other theory of liability for breach of fiduciary duty, all of which claims each Lender hereby waives. 
 10.2. Powers . The Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent shall have no implied duties to the Lenders, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action 
 60 

thereunder except any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Administrative Agent. 
 10.3. General Immunity . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Borrower, the Lenders or any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith except to the extent such action or inaction is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Person. 
 10.4. No Responsibility for Loans, Recitals, Etc. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or verify (a) any statement, warranty or representation made in connection with any Loan Document or any borrowing hereunder; (b) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of any obligor under any Loan Document, including any agreement by an obligor to furnish information directly to each Lender; (c) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article IV, except receipt of items required to be delivered solely to the Administrative Agent; (d) the existence or possible existence of any Default or Unmatured Default; (e) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, sufficiency or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection therewith; (f) the value, sufficiency, creation, perfection or priority of any Lien in any collateral security; or (g) the financial condition of the Borrower or any guarantor of any of the Obligations or of any of the Borrower s or any such guarantor s respective Subsidiaries. The Administrative Agent shall have no duty to disclose to the Lenders information that is not required to be furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent at such time, but is voluntarily furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (either in its capacity as Administrative Agent or in its individual capacity). 
 10.5. Action on Instructions of Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with written instructions signed by the Required Lenders or all Lenders, as appropriate, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders. The Lenders hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no duty to take any discretionary action permitted to be taken by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall be requested in writing to do so by the Required Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action hereunder and under any other Loan Document unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. 
 10.6. Employment of Administrative Agents and Counsel . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties as Administrative Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through employees, agents, and attorneys in fact and shall not be answerable to the Lenders, except as to money or securities received by it or its authorized agents, for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning the contractual arrangement between the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and all matters pertaining to the Administrative Agent s duties hereunder and under any other Loan Document. 
 61 

10.7. Reliance on Documents; Counsel . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, statement, paper or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons, and, in respect to legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected by the Administrative Agent, which counsel may be employees of the Administrative Agent. 
 10.8. Administrative Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification . The Lenders agree to reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their Commitments immediately prior to such termination) (i) for any amounts not reimbursed by the Borrower for which the Administrative Agent is entitled to reimbursement by the Borrower under the Loan Documents, (ii) for any other expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration and enforcement of the Loan Documents (including for any expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any dispute between the Administrative Agent and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders) and (iii) for any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any other document delivered in connection therewith or the transactions contemplated thereby (including for any such amounts incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in connection with any dispute between the Administrative Agent and any Lender or between two or more of the Lenders), or the enforcement of any of the terms of the Loan Documents or of any such other documents, provided that (i) no Lender shall be liable for any of the foregoing to the extent any of the foregoing is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent and (ii) any indemnification required pursuant to Section 3.4(vii) shall, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 10.8 , be paid by the relevant Lender in accordance with the provisions thereof. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.8 shall survive payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement. 
 10.9. Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement describing such Default or Unmatured Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. 
 10.10. Rights as a Lender . In the event the Administrative Agent is a Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Loan Document with respect to its Commitment and its Loans as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, at any time when the Administrative Agent is a Lender, unless the context otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in which the Borrower or such Subsidiary 
 62 

is not restricted hereby from engaging with any other Person. The Administrative Agent, in its individual capacity, is not obligated to remain a Lender. 
 10.11. Lender Credit Decision . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender and based on the financial statements prepared by the Borrower and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Except for any notice, report, document or other information expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent or Arranger hereunder, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger shall have any duty or responsibility (either initially or on a continuing basis) to provide any Lender with any notice, report, document, credit information or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or Arranger (whether or not in their respective capacity as Administrative Agent or Arranger) or any of their Affiliates. 
 10.12. Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent or, if no successor Administrative Agent has been appointed, 45 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intention to resign. The Administrative Agent may be removed at any time with or without cause by written notice received by the Administrative Agent from the Required Lenders, such removal to be effective on the date specified by the Required Lenders. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint, on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders within 30 days after the resigning Administrative Agent s giving notice of its intention to resign, then the resigning Administrative Agent may appoint, on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a successor Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Administrative Agent may at any time without the consent of the Borrower or any Lender, appoint any of its Affiliates which is a commercial bank as a successor Administrative Agent hereunder. If the Administrative Agent has resigned or been removed and no successor Administrative Agent has been appointed, the Lenders may perform all the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder and the Borrower shall make all payments in respect of the Obligations to the applicable Lender and for all other purposes shall deal directly with the Lenders. No successor Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be appointed hereunder until such successor Administrative Agent has accepted the appointment. Any such successor Administrative Agent shall be a commercial bank having capital and retained earnings of at least 100,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed Administrative Agent. Upon the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the resigning or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Loan Documents. After the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of an Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article X shall continue in effect for 
 63 

the benefit of such Administrative Agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. In the event that there is a successor to the Administrative Agent by merger, or the Administrative Agent assigns its duties and obligations to an Affiliate pursuant to this Section 10.12 , then the term Prime Rate as used in this Agreement shall mean the prime rate, base rate or other analogous rate of the new Administrative Agent. 
 10.13. Administrative Agent and Arranger Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, for their respective accounts, the fees agreed to by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger from time to time. 
 10.14. Delegation to Affiliates . The Borrower and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates. Any such Affiliate (and such Affiliate s directors, officers, agents and employees) which performs duties in connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to the same benefits of the indemnification, waiver and other protective provisions to which the Administrative Agent is entitled under Articles IX and X. 
 10.15. Other Agents . The Syndication Agent shall not have any duties or obligations of any kind under this Agreement. 
 10.16. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan is then due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent has made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (i)	to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Section 9.5 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (ii)	to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 9.5 . 
 10.17. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 64 

(i)	Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (a)	such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement; 
 (b)	the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 (c)	(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans and this Agreement; or 
 (d)	such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (ii)	In addition, unless either (x) clause (a) of Section 10.17(i) is true with respect to a Lender or (y) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with clause (d) of Section 10.17(i) , such Lender further (A) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (B) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 65 

10.18. Erroneous Payments . 
 (i)	If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or other holder of any Obligations (each, a Lender Party ), or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender Party (any such Lender Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient ), that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under Section 10.18(ii) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not such error is known to any Payment Recipient) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Payment Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (i) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii)	Without limiting Section 10.18(i), if any Payment Recipient receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) that (x) is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error (in whole or in part): 
 (a)	(1) in the case of immediately preceding clause (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (2) in the case of immediately preceding clause (z), an error has been made, in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 
 (b)	such Payment Recipient shall promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.18(ii) . 
 (iii)	Each Lender Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender Party from any 
 66 

source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under Section 10.18(i) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (iv)	An Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations, except to the extent such Erroneous Payment comprises funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 (v)	To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Payment Recipient hereby agrees not to assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine, with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment. 
 (vi)	Each party s agreements under this Section 10.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments, or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of any or all Obligations. 
 ARTICLE XI SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 
 11.1. Setoff . In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Default occurs, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be due. 
 11.2. Ratable Payments . If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it upon the principal of or interest on its Loans (other than payments received pursuant to Section 3.1 , 3.2 , or 3.4 in a greater proportion than that received by any other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of the Loans held by the other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender will hold its ratable proportion of all outstanding Loans. If any Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such collateral ratably in proportion to their Loans. In case any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall be made. 
 67 

ARTICLE XII BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 
 12.1. Successors and Assigns . The terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in compliance with Section 12.3 . The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that clause (ii) of this Section 12.1 relates only to absolute assignments and does not prohibit assignments creating security interests, including (x) any pledge or assignment by any Lender of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve Bank or (y) in the case of a Lender which is a Fund, any pledge or assignment of all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to its trustee in support of its obligation to its trustees; provided that no such pledge or assignment creating a security interest shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder unless and until the parties thereto have complied with the provisions of Section 12.3 . The Administrative Agent may treat the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until such Person complies with Section 12.3 ; provided that the Administrative Agent may in its discretion (but shall not be required to) follow instructions from the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note to direct payments relating to such Loan or Note to another Person. Any assignee of the rights to any Loan or any Note agrees by acceptance of such assignment to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents. Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent is the owner of the rights to any Loan (whether or not a Note has been issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of the rights to such Loan. 
 12.2. Participations . 
 12.2.1. Permitted Participants; Effect . Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 8.2 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.4 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 3.4(vi) (it being understood that the documentation required under Sections 3.4(vi) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had 
 68 

acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 12.3 ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.6 as if it were an assignee under Section 12.3 ; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.1 or 3.4 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.4(ii) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.1 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 11.2 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 12.2.2. Voting Rights . Each Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other than any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any Advance or Commitment in which such Participant has an interest which would require consent of all of the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 8.2 or of any other Loan Document. 
 12.2.3. Benefit of Setoff . The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall retain the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount of participating interests sold to each Participant. The Lenders agree to share with each Participant, and each Participant, by exercising the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 , agrees to share with each Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of setoff, such amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each Participant were a Lender. 
 12.3. Assignments . 
 12.3.1. Permitted Assignments . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more banks or other entities Purchasers ), other than an Ineligible Institution, all or any part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents. Such assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or in such other form as may be agreed to by the parties thereto (each an Assignment 
 69 

and Assumption ). The consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided that if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall not be required. Such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each such assignment with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall (unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents) be in an amount not less than the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment (calculated as at the date of such assignment) or outstanding Loans (if the applicable Commitment has been terminated). 
 12.3.2. Effect; Effective Date . Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an assignment, together with any consents required by Section 12.3.1 , and (ii) payment of a 4,000 fee to the Administrative Agent for processing such assignment (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date specified in such assignment. The assignment shall contain a representation by the Purchaser to the effect that none of the consideration used to make the purchase of the Commitment and the outstanding Loans under the applicable assignment agreement constitutes plan assets as defined under ERISA and that the rights and interests of the Purchaser in and under the Loan Documents will not be plan assets under ERISA. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by the Borrower, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment assigned to such Purchaser. Upon the consummation of any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 12.3.2 , the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall, if the Purchaser desires that its Loans be evidenced by a Note, make appropriate arrangements so that a Note is issued to such Purchaser. 
 12.3.3. Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 12.4. Dissemination of Information . The Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all information in such Lender s possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including any information contained in any Reports; provided that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.10 of this Agreement. 
 70 

12.5. Tax Treatment . If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred to any Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with the provisions of Section 3.4(iv) . 
 12.6. Restriction on Transfer . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Lender may assign, sell a participation in or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof. 
 ARTICLE XIII NOTICES 
 13.1. Notices . 
 (i)	Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14 with respect to borrowing notices, all notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including electronic transmission, facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x) in the case of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at its address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the case of any Lender, at its address or facsimile number set forth in its administrative questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent or (z) in the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.1 . Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section and confirmation of receipt is received, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered (or, in the case of electronic transmission, received) at the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II shall not be effective until received. 
 (ii)	Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (iii)	Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (y) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) , of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website 
 71 

address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (x) and (y) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient 
 13.2. Change of Address . The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any Lender may each change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the other parties hereto. 
 ARTICLE XIV COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS 
 14.1. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Administrative Agent by facsimile transmission or telephone that it has taken such action. 
 14.2. Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including E-SIGN, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on UETA. 
 14.3. Document Imaging; Telecopy and PDF Signatures; Electronic Signatures . Without notice to or consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender may create electronic images of any Loan Documents and destroy paper originals of any such imaged documents. Such images have the same legal force and effect as the paper originals and are enforceable against the Borrower and any other parties thereto. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may convert any Loan Document into a transferrable record as such term is defined under, and to the extent permitted by, UETA, with the image of such instrument in the Administrative Agent s or such Lender s possession constituting an authoritative copy under UETA. If the Administrative Agent agrees, in its sole discretion, to accept delivery by telecopy or PDF of an executed counterpart of a signature page of any Loan Document or other document required to be delivered under the Loan Documents, such delivery will be valid and effective as delivery of an original manually executed counterpart of such document for all purposes. If the Administrative Agent agrees, in its sole discretion, to accept any electronic signatures of any Loan Document or other document required to be delivered under the Loan Documents, the words execution, signed, and signature, and words of like import, in or referring to any document so signed will deemed to include electronic signatures and/or the keeping of records in electronic form, which will be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature and/or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including UETA, E-SIGN, or any other state laws based on, or similar in 
 72 

effect to, such acts. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may rely on any such electronic signatures without further inquiry. 
 ARTICLE XV CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 15.1. CHOICE OF LAW . THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. 
 15.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON (OR IF SUCH COURT LACKS SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF WISCONSIN SITTING IN THE CITY OF MADISON), AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY (AND ANY SUCH CLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS BROUGHT AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES MAY ONLY) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH FEDERAL (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) OR WISCONSIN STATE COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 15.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER. 
 73 

ARTICLE XVI aMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT; REAFFIRMATION 
 The parties hereto agree that, on the Restatement Effective Date, the following transactions shall be deemed to occur automatically, without further action by any party hereto: 
 16.1. 	 The Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of and pursuant to this Agreement and the terms of this Agreement shall replace and supersede the Existing Credit Agreement (which shall hereafter have no further effect upon the parties thereto other than with respect to any action, event, representation, warranty or covenant occurring, made or applying prior to the Restatement Effective Date). 
 16.2. 	 All Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Loans under this Agreement. All other Obligations existing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be outstanding under this Agreement and, in each case (i) are in all respects enforceable with only the terms thereof being modified as provided by this Agreement and (ii) shall in all respects be continuing after the Restatement Effective Date and shall be deemed to be Obligations governed by this Agreement. 
 16.3. 	 All references to the Existing Credit Agreement or the Credit Agreement in the Existing Loan Documents executed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, whether on the Original Effective Date or at any time thereafter but prior to the Restatement Effective Date, shall be deemed to include references to this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 16.4. 	 Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing or termination of any of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date or a novation or payment and reborrowing of any amount owing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date. 
 
 [Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 74 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: /s/ Jared J. Bushek			 
 Name: Jared J. Bushek 
 Title: Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 
 133 S. Blair St. Madison, WI 53701 
 
 Attention:	Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer 
 Telephone: 	608-252-7238 
 Fax:		608-252-7098 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

U.S. Bank National Association , as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

/s/ Kevin S. Murphy			 
 By: Kevin S. Murphy 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 3 Bryant Part 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas, 15 th Floor 
 New York NY 10036 
 
 Attention: Kevin S. Murphy	 Telephone: 917-326-3912	 Email:	kevin.murphy4@usbank.com	 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

associated bank, n.a. , as Lender and Syndication Agent 

/s/ Nathan Jochimsen			 
 By: Nathan Jochimsen 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 8040 Excelsior Dr., Suite 201 
 Madison, WI 53717 
 
 Attention: Nathan Jochimsen Telephone: 608-259-3630 Email: nathan.jochimsen@associatedbank.com 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Capitol Bank , as Lender 
 
 /s/ Troy R. Mitchell			 
 By: Troy R. Mitchell 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 						710 North High Point Road 
 Madison, WI 53717 
 
 Attention: Annette Wolter 
 Telephone: 608-836-4104 
 Email: Annette.wolter@capitolbank.com 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

JOHNSON FINANCIAL GROUP , as Lender 
 
 /s/ David Wilbik				 
 By: David Wilbik 
 Title: VP, Commercial Underwriting Manager 
 
 Address:	5201 East Terrace Drive, 
 		Madison, WI 53708 
 Attention: 	David Wilbik 
 Telephone: 	(262) 619-2647 
 Email: 		dwilbik@johnsonfinancialgroup.com 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

FIRST BUSINESS BANK , as Lender 
 
 /s/ Joshua D. Hoesch			 
 By: Joshua D. Hoesch 
 Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 Address:	401 Charmany Drive 
 		Madison, WI 53551 
 
 Attention:	Samantha Gaginella Telephone:	608-232-5917 Email:		sgaginella@firstbusinessbank.com 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

ONE COMMUNITY BANK , as Lender 

/s/ Scott Hoerth			 
 By: Scott Hoerth 
 Title: Senior Market President 
 
 Address:	733 North Main Street 
 		Oregon, WI 53575 
 
 Attention:	Scott Hoerth Telephone:	608.835.6104 Email:		shoerth@onecommunity.bank 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

STATE BANK OF CROSS PLAINS , as Lender 

/s/ Scott P. Ducke			 
 By: Scott P. Ducke 
 Title: EVP Chief Lending Officer 
 
 Address:	1205 Main Street 
 		Cross Plains, WI 53528 
 
 Attention:	Nick Grays Telephone:	(608) 798-5205 Email:		ngrays@sbcp.bank 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE I 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 

Lender 
 Commitment 

U.S. Bank National Association 
 9,000,000 

Associated Bank, N.A. 
 8,500,000 

Capitol Bank 
 8,000,000 

Johnson Financial Group 
 8,000,000 

First Business Bank 
 2,500,000 

One Community Bank 
 2,000,000 

State Bank of Cross Plains 
 2,000,000 

TOTAL 
 40,000,000 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

Status 
 Level I Status 
 Level II Status 
 Level III Status 
 Level IV Status 
 Level V Status 

Term SOFR Margin 
 0.625 
 0.750 
 0.875 
 1.000 
 1.125 

Base Rate Margin 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.000 
 0.125 

Commitment Fee Rate 
 0.050 
 0.060 
 0.075 
 0.100 
 0.125 

The Term SOFR Margin, the Base Rate Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Borrower s Status as determined from its then-current Moody s and S P Ratings. The credit rating in effect on any date for the purposes of this Schedule is that in effect at the close of business on such date. If at any time the Borrower has no Moody s Rating or no S P Rating, but has a Rating, the Status shall be determined based on the Rating that is then in effect. If at any time the Borrower has no Moody s Rating and no S P Rating, Level V Status shall exist. 
 Level I Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Moody s Rating is Aa2 or better or the S P Rating is AA or better. 
 Level II Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is Aa3 or better or the S P Rating is AA- or better. 
 Level III Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status or Level II Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A1 or better or the S P Rating is A+ or better. 
 Level IV Status exists at any date if, on such date, (i) the Borrower has not qualified for Level I, Level II or Level III Status and (ii) the Moody s Rating is A2 or better or the S P Rating is A or better. 
 Level V Status exists at any date if, on such date, the Borrower has not qualified for any other Status. 
 Moody s Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and then in effect with respect to the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 Rating means the S P Rating or the Moody s Rating. 
 S P Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Standard and Poor s Rating Services, a Standard Poor Financial Services, LLC business, and then in effect with respect to the Borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement. 
 Status means Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status. 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is one level, the better rating will apply. If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is two levels or more, the intermediate rating at the midpoint will apply. If there is no midpoint, the higher of the intermediate ratings will apply. 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Schedule 5.8 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 None. 

Schedule 6.13 
 
 Liens 

Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of January 1, 1946, between Madison Gas and Electric Company and Firstar Trust Company, as Trustee. 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF OPINION 
 [Omitted] 
 
 	A- 1 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 [DATE] 
 
 To:	The Lenders parties to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Described Below 
 This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the Agreement among Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower ), the lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 
 1. I am the duly elected __________ of the Borrower; 
 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements; 
 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Unmatured Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; and 
 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the Borrower s compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 
 [5. Schedule II attached hereto sets forth the various reports and deliveries which are required at this time under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the status of compliance.] 
 Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

B- 1 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Compliance Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered as of the date first set forth above. 

B- 2 

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 Compliance as of _________, ____ with Provisions of ____ and ______ of the Agreement 
 
 	B- 3 

SCHEDULE II TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Reports and Deliveries Currently Due 
 
 	B- 4 

EXHIBIT C 
 ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the Assignor and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, the interest in and to all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto that represents the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of the Assignor s outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below (to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims (including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity), suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor against any Person whether known or unknown arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby) (the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 1.	Assignor:	 						 
 
 2.	Assignee:	 						 
 
 3.	Borrower:	Madison Gas and Electric Company 
 
 4.	Administrative 
 	Agent:		U.S. Bank National Association, as the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 5.	Credit Agreement:	Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 7, 2019 among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 
 6.	Assigned Interest: 
 	C- 1 

Facility Assigned 
 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Lenders 
 Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 1 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

____________ 

_______ 

7.	Trade Date:	 2 					 
 Effective Date: ____________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. ] 
 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
 ASSIGNOR [ NAME OF ASSIGNOR ] 
 
 By: 					 					Title: 
 
 ASSIGNEE [ NAME OF ASSIGNEE ] 
 
 By: 						 	Title: 
 [ Consented to and ] 3 Accepted: 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: 					 Title: 
 
 [ Consented to: ] 4 
 
 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 
 1. Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 

2. Insert if satisfaction of minimum amounts is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 

3. To be added only if the consent of the Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

4. To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. an Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

C- 2 

[ NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY ] 
 
 By: 					 Title: 
 
 	C- 3 

ANNEX 1 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 1.1.	 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
 1.2.	 Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iii) it has received a copy of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(i) and (ii) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and (iv) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 2.	 Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 
 	C- 4 

3.	 General Provisions . This Assignment shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment. This Assignment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Wisconsin. 
 
 	C- 5 

EXHIBIT D 
 LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION 
 
 To	U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement described below. 
 Re:	Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as the same may be amended or modified, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Borrower ), the Lenders named therein and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent is specifically authorized and directed to act upon the following standing money transfer instructions with respect to the proceeds of Advances or other extensions of credit from time to time until receipt by the Administrative Agent of a specific written revocation of such instructions by the Borrower, provided that the Administrative Agent may otherwise transfer funds as hereafter directed in writing by the Borrower in accordance with Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement or based on any telephonic notice made in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement. 
 Facility Identification Number(s) __________________________________________________ 
 Customer/Account Name ________________________________________________________ 
 Transfer Funds To ______________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________ 
 For Account No. _______________________________________________________________ 
 Reference/Attention To __________________________________________________________ 
 Authorized Officer (Customer Representative) Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 Bank Officer Name Date _______________________________ 
 
 (Please Print) Signature 
 
 (Deliver Completed Form to Credit Support Staff For Immediate Processing) 
 
 	 D- 1 

EXHIBIT E NOTE 
 [Date] 
 
 Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation (the Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of ____________________________________ (the Lender the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in immediately available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent determined pursuant to the terms of the Agreement referred to below, together with interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in the Agreement. The Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans in full on the Facility Termination Date. 
 The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice, the date and amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each principal payment hereunder. 
 This Note is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (which, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time, is herein called the Agreement ), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, including the Lender, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, to which Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be prepaid or its maturity date accelerated. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement. 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: 						 Print Name: 					 Title: 						 
 
 	E- 1 

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL TO NOTE OF MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY, DATED _____________, 

Date 
 Principal Amount of Loan 
 Maturity of Interest Period 
 Principal Amount Paid 
 Unpaid Balance 

E- 2 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

F- 1 
 
 EXHIBIT F-2 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT ] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

F- 2 
 
 EXHIBIT F-3 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 
 F- 3 
 
 EXHIBIT F-4 
 FORM OF U .S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Madison Gas and Electric Company, each lender from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.5 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement together with an IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate prior to the first payment to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 F- 4 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 mgee-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.31 
 
 AMENDMENT TO 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT 

Pursuant to Section 10 of the Deferred Compensation Agreement effective December 16, 2022, between __________ Employee and Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Agreement ), the Agreement is hereby amended as follows, effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 1. Section 4.d shall be revised to read as follows: 

For each calendar month during the term of this Agreement, amounts credited to the Employee s Deferred Compensation Account shall earn interest at the rate quoted at the close of the preceding June 30 or December 31, as applicable, on U.S. Treasury Bills having a 26-week maturity, increased by one percentage point, compounded monthly Prescribed Rate ), provided however, that in no event shall the Prescribed Rate be less than seven percent (7 per annum, compounded monthly. 
 
 2. Section 4.f shall be added as a new subparagraph, and shall read as follows: 

(i)	 Deemed Investment Funds . Upon notice to the Committee, Employee shall be permitted to reallocate the Deferred Compensation Account balance among the available Deemed Investment Funds as determined by the Committee. The manner in which such elections shall be made and the frequency with which such elections may be changed and the manner in which such elections shall become effective shall be determined in accordance with the procedures to be adopted by the Committee or its delegate from time to time. Once Employee designates all or a portion of the Deferred Compensation Account to be allocated to one or more Deemed Investment Funds, the Prescribed Rate shall no longer be available with respect to such portion of the Deferred Compensation Account, and such portion of the Employee s Deferred Compensation Account shall not accrue earnings other than in connection with the Deemed Investment Funds. 
 (ii)	 Changes to Deemed Investment Funds . The Committee shall have the authority to establish and maintain the Deemed Investment Funds and the default Deemed Investment Fund. In the event the Committee changes, adds, or removes any Deemed Investment Fund or any default Deemed Investment Fund, the Committee shall notify Employee, if feasible, no later than thirty (30) days prior to such change, addition, or removal. In the event of any such change, addition, or removal, the Committee shall provide the Employee with information regarding alternative Deemed Investment Funds, the ability for the Employee to make a change to their allocations in the Deemed Investment Funds, or the default course of action that will be taken in the event the Employee does not provide instructions to the Committee. 

(iii)	 Default Deemed Investment Funds . If any portion of a Deferred Compensation Account remains unallocated among the Deemed Investment Funds, such amount shall be allocated to the default Deemed Investment Fund. 
 (iv)	 Distributions . Distributions under the Agreement shall be deemed to have been made proportionally from each of the Deemed Investment Funds maintained based on the proportion that such Deemed Investment Fund bears to the sum of all Deemed Investment Funds maintained with respect to the Deferred Compensation Account for the Employee as of the day before the payment date. 
 (v)	 MGEE Deemed Investment Fund . If the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund is available, once any portion of any Deferred Compensation Account is allocated to the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund, such allocation may not be reallocated again to any other Deemed Investment Fund before the Employee incurs a Separation from Service. Upon the Employee s Separation from Service, the Employee may generally reallocate their Deferred Compensation Account to other Deemed Investment Funds, unless the Employee is, at the time of such reallocation, an insider as defined under applicable securities laws and the Committee determines the Employee cannot make such reallocation. 
 (vi)	For purposes of this Agreement, Deemed Investment Funds means one or more of the independently established funds or indices that are identified and listed by the Committee. These Deemed Investment Funds are used solely to calculate the earnings that are credited to or charged against the Employee s Deferred Compensation Account, and does not represent, nor should it be interpreted to convey any beneficial interest on the part of the Employee in any asset or other property of the Company or any other person or entity. The determination of the increase or decrease in the performance of each Deemed Investment Fund shall be made by the Committee in its reasonable discretion. The Committee shall select the various Deemed Investment Funds available to the Employee with respect to this Agreement which may be changed from time to time in the discretion of the Committee. If selected and listed by the Committee or its delegate, the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund may be one of the Deemed Investment Funds available to calculate earnings under this Plan with respect to the Employee s Deferred Compensation Account. 
 (vii) For purposes of this Agreement, MGEE Deemed Investment Fund means the Deemed Investment Fund that tracks the value (including dividends) of the common stock of MGE Energy, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, or its successor. 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, the Agreement shall continue in existence and shall be administered in accordance with its terms. 

In Witness Whereof , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date set forth below, but effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC, INC. 

By: /s/ Jeffrey Keebler					 
 Jeffrey Keebler				Date 
 President and CEO 

EMPLOYEE 

By: 								 
 [NAME]					Date 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 mgee-ex10_32.htm
 EX-10.32

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.32 

MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 
 
 2023 DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 

Effective as of January 1, 2023 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

Article 1 PURPOSE; EFFECTIVE DATE 
 6 

1.1 
 Purpose 
 6 

1.2 
 Effective Date 
 6 

1.3 
 Plan Type 
 6 

Article 2 DEFINITIONS 
 7 

2.1 
 Account(s) 
 7 

2.2 
 Administrator 
 7 

2.3 
 Beneficiary 
 7 

2.4 
 Board 
 7 

2.5 
 Change in Control 
 7 

2.6 
 Code 
 9 

2.7 
 Company 
 9 

2.8 
 Company Contributions 
 9 

2.9 
 Company Contribution Account 
 9 

2.10 
 Compensation 
 10 

2.11 
 Deemed Investment Funds 
 10 

2.12 
 Deferral Election 
 10 

2.13 
 Deferral Period 
 10 

2.14 
 Determination Date 
 10 

2.15 
 Disability 
 10 

2.16 
 Discretionary Contribution 
 11 

2.17 
 Distribution Election 
 11 

2.18 
 Earnings 
 11 

2.19 
 Elective Deferral 
 11 

2.20 
 Financial Hardship 
 11 

2.21 
 In - Service Account 
 11 

2.22 
 Investment Allocation 
 11 

2.23 
 MGEE Deemed Investment Fund 
 11 

2.24 
 Participant 
 12 

2.25 
 Plan 
 12 

2.26 
 Restoration Contribution 
 12 

2 

2.27 
 Retirement 
 12 

2.28 
 Separation Account 
 12 

2.29 
 Separation from Service 
 12 

2.30 
 Supplemental Contribution 
 12 

Article 3 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 13 

3.1 
 Eligibility 
 13 

3.2 
 Participation 
 13 

3.3 
 First - Year Participation 
 13 

3.4 
 Change in Status 
 13 

Article 4 CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 
 14 

4.1 
 Elective Deferrals 
 14 

4.2 
 Company Contributions 
 14 

4.3 
 Timing of Credits; Withholding 
 14 

4.4 
 Determination of Accounts 
 14 

4.5 
 Statement of Accounts 
 15 

Article 5 ELECTIVE DEFERRALS, DISTRIBUTION ELECTIONS, AND INVESTMENT ALLOCATION 
 16 

5.1 
 Elective Deferrals 
 16 

5.2 
 Distribution Elections 
 16 

5.3 
 Investment Allocation 
 17 

5.4 
 Change of Time or Form of Distribution Elections 
 18 

Article 6 VESTING 
 19 

6.1 
 Vesting of Accounts 
 19 

6.2 
 Full Vesting 
 19 

Article 7 DEEMED INVESTMENT FUNDS 
 20 

7.1 
 Deemed Investment Funds 
 20 

7.2 
 Earnings 
 21 

Article 8 PLAN PAYMENTS 
 22 

8.1 
 Separation Account and Company Contribution Account 
 22 

8.2 
 In-Service Account 
 22 

8.3 
 Amount of Installment Payment 
 22 

8.4 
 Death Benefit 
 23 

8.5 
 Hardship Distributions 
 23 

8.6 
 Small Account 
 23 

3 

8.7 
 Withholding; Payroll Taxes 
 23 

8.8 
 Payment to Guardian 
 23 

8.9 
 Effect of Payment 
 24 

8.10 
 Forfeiture 
 24 

8.11 
 Clawback of Contributions and Payments 
 24 

Article 9 BENEFICIARY DESIGNATIONS 
 25 

9.1 
 Beneficiary Designation 
 25 

9.2 
 Changing Beneficiary 
 25 

9.3 
 No Beneficiary Designation 
 25 

9.4 
 Effect of Payment 
 25 

Article 10 ADMINISTRATION 
 26 

10.1 
 Administrator; Duties 
 26 

10.2 
 Compliance with Section 409A of the Code 
 26 

10.3 
 Agents 
 26 

10.4 
 Binding Effect of Decisions 
 26 

10.5 
 Indemnity of Administrator 
 26 

10.6 
 Election of Administrator After Change in Control 
 26 

Article 11 CLAIMS PROCEDURE 
 28 

11.1 
 Claim 
 28 

11.2 
 Denial of Claim 
 28 

11.3 
 Review of Claim 
 28 

11.4 
 Final Decision 
 28 

11.5 
 Limitations Period 
 28 

11.6 
 Venue 
 29 

Article 12 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 30 

12.1 
 Amendment 
 30 

12.2 
 Company's Right to Terminate 
 30 

Article 13 MISCELLANEOUS 
 31 

13.1 
 Unfunded Plan 
 31 

13.2 
 Unsecured General Creditor 
 31 

13.3 
 Trust Fund 
 31 

13.4 
 Nonassignability 
 31 

13.5 
 Not a Contract of Employment 
 31 

13.6 
 Protective Provisions 
 31 

4 

13.7 
 Governing Law 
 32 

13.8 
 Validity 
 32 

13.9 
 Notice 
 32 

13.10 
 Successors 
 32 

5 

MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 
 
 2023 DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 

Article 1 PURPOSE; EFFECTIVE DATE 
 1.1	 Purpose . The purpose of this Madison Gas and Electric Company 2023 Deferred Compensation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (hereinafter, the Plan is to permit a select group of highly compensated employees of Madison Gas and Electric Company (and its selected subsidiaries and/or affiliates) to defer the receipt of income which would otherwise become payable to them or provide supplemental retirement benefits, or both. It is intended that this Plan will assist in retaining and attracting individuals of exceptional ability. It is the intent that all of the amounts deferred and benefits provided under this Plan comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Company intends that the Plan shall at all times be maintained on an unfunded basis for federal income tax purposes under the Code and administered as a non-qualified top-hat plan exempt from the substantive requirements of Title I of ERISA other than Part 5. 
 1.2	 Effective Date . This Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 1.3	 Plan Type . For purposes of 409A, the portion of the amounts deferred by the Participants and benefits attributable thereto, shall be considered an elective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(A), or as otherwise provided by the Code; the portion of the amounts deferred by the employee or employer contributions and benefits attributable thereto, shall be considered a nonelective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(B), or as otherwise provided by the Code. 

6 

Article 2 DEFINITIONS 
 For the purpose of this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 
 
 2.1	 Account(s) . Account(s) or Account Balance(s) means the notional account or accounts maintained on the books of the Company used solely to calculate the amount of deferred compensation payable to each Participant under this Plan and the time and form in which such compensation will be paid and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets of the Company. Account(s) shall be deemed to exist from the date as of which amounts are first credited to such Account(s) until such time that the entire Account Balance has been distributed in accordance with this Plan. Accounts may include sub-accounts for the different types of employee and employer contributions under this Plan. 
 2.2	 Administrator . Administrator means the Board, its delegate(s), or, following a Change of Control, a person(s) selected as provided in Section 10.6, in any case who shall administer the Plan pursuant to Article 10. 
 2.3	 Beneficiary . Beneficiary means the person, persons, trust or entity, as designated by the Participant, entitled under Article 8 to receive any Plan benefits payable after the Participant's death. 
 2.4	 Board . Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.5	 Change in Control . A Change in Control shall mean unless the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (a)	the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (a Person ), including any person within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), of beneficial ownership within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, of 35 or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: 
 (i)	any acquisition directly from the Company (excluding any acquisition resulting from the exercise of a conversion or exchange privilege in respect of outstanding convertible or exchangeable securities), 
 (ii)	any acquisition by the Company, 
 (iii)	 any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company; 
 7 

(iv)	any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the Company, if, immediately after such reorganization, merger or consolidation, each of the Shareholder Continuity Condition (as defined below), the Beneficial Ownership Condition (as defined below) and the Board of Directors Continuity Condition (as defined below) shall be satisfied; 
 and provided further that, for purposes of clause (ii), if any Person (other than the Company or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company) shall become the beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or 20 or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities by reason of an acquisition by the Company and such Person shall, after such acquisition by the Company, become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or any additional Outstanding Voting Securities and such beneficial ownership is publicly announced, such additional beneficial ownership shall constitute a Change in Control; 
 (b)	individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board; provided, however, that any individual who becomes a director of the Company subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by the vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board; and provided further, that no individual who was initially elected as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, or any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any Person other than the Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board; 
 (c)	the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation unless, in any such case, immediately after such reorganization, merger or consolidation each of the Shareholder Continuity Condition, the Beneficial Ownership Condition and the Board of Directors Continuity Condition shall be satisfied; or 
 (d)	approval by the Company's shareholders of (i) a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or (ii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than to a corporation with respect to which, immediately after such sale or other disposition each of, the Shareholder Continuity Condition, Beneficial Ownership Condition and Board of Directors Continuity Condition shall be satisfied. 
 For purposes of the definition of Change in Control, the following definitions shall apply: 
 Shareholder Continuity Condition shall be satisfied in connection with a transaction if at least 60 of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such transaction and at least 60 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or 
 8 

indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals or entities who were beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions relative to each other as their ownership, immediately prior to such transaction, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be. 
 Beneficial Ownership Condition shall be satisfied in connection with a transaction if no Person other than the Company, any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or the corporation resulting from such transaction (or any corporation controlled by the Company) and any Person who beneficially owned, immediately prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly, 35 or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35 or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation or 35 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 Board of Directors Continuity Condition shall be satisfied in connection with a transaction if at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such transaction were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board providing for such transaction. 
 2.6	 Code . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as may be amended from time to time. Any reference in this Plan to applicable guidance, further guidance or other similar term shall include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to or in connection with Section 409A by the U.S. Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 
 2.7	 Company . Company means Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation, or any successor to the business thereof. For purposes of determining Separation from Service, Company means the controlled group of organizations that includes the Company as described in Sections 414(b) and (c), provided that, in applying Code Section 1563(a)(1), (2), and (3) and in applying Treas. Reg. 1.414(c)-2, at least 50 percent is used instead of at least 80 percent in each place it appears. 
 2.8	 Company Contributions . Company Contributions means any Restoration Contribution, Supplemental Contribution, and Discretionary Contribution that may be made by the Company under Section 4.2 with respect to a Deferral Period. 
 2.9	 Company Contribution Account . Company Contribution Account means an Account established by the Administrator for the purpose of recording any Company Contributions credited to a Participant with respect to a Deferral Period, to be paid following the Participant s Separation from Service or earlier Disability. 
 9 

2.10	 Compensation . Compensation means the base salary and annual short-term incentive compensation paid to a Participant with respect to employment services performed for the Company by the Participant and considered to be wages for purposes of federal income tax withholding, excluding any payment for long-term incentives from the MGE Energy 2021 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan (or any successor LTI plan), and excluding any Company Contributions made under this Plan. For purposes of this Plan only, Compensation shall be calculated before reduction for any amounts deferred by the Participant pursuant to Sections 125, 223 and 401(k) of the Code, or pursuant to this Plan or any other nonqualified plan which permits the voluntary deferral of compensation. The inclusion of any other forms of compensation not specifically addressed in this section is subject to Administrator Approval. 
 2.11	 Deemed Investment Funds . Deemed Investment Funds means one or more of the independently established funds or indices that are identified and listed by the Administrator. These Deemed Investment Funds are used solely to calculate the Earnings that are credited to or charged against each Participant s Account in accordance with Article 7, below, and does not represent, nor should it be interpreted to convey any beneficial interest on the part of the Participant in any asset or other property of the Company or any other person or entity. The determination of the increase or decrease in the performance of each Deemed Investment Fund shall be made by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion. The Administrator shall select the various Deemed Investment Funds available to the Participants with respect to this Plan which may be changed from time to time in the discretion of the Administrator as provided in Section 7.1(c). If selected and listed by the Administrator or its delegate, the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund may be one of the Deemed Investment Funds available to calculate Earnings under this Plan with respect to a Participant s Separation Account. 
 2.12	 Deferral Election . Deferral Election means a Participant s written election under Section 5.1 to defer a designated portion of the Compensation to be earned during a Deferral Period and the Distribution Election that applies to such Elective Deferrals and any Company Contribution Account credited with respect to such Deferral Period. The Deferral Election shall apply to each type of Compensation to be earned during the Deferral Period, and the Administrator is empowered to group the various types of Compensation together for purposes of effecting the election to defer. By way of example, the Administrator may apply the election to defer salary to salary and any other regularly occurring form of compensation. 
 2.13	 Deferral Period . Deferral Period means the period of service during which Compensation that is deferred under the terms of a Deferral Election is earned. Unless otherwise specified in the Deferral Election and associated enrollment materials, the Deferral Period is the calendar year. 
 2.14	 Determination Date . Determination Date means each day on which the established U.S. securities exchanges are open for business. 
 2.15	 Disability . Disability means a mental or physical illness that entitles the Participant to receive benefits under the long term disability plan of the Company, or if the Participant is not covered by such a plan, a Participant's inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be 
 10 

expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
 2.16	 Discretionary Contribution . Discretionary Contribution means the Company Contributions credited to a Participant's Account under Section 4.2(c). A Discretionary Contribution means an additional contribution, generally ad hoc or non-recurring, made by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 2.17	 Distribution Election . Distribution Election means the time and the form for the payment of an Account, as specified in a Participant s Deferral Election in accordance with Section 5.2 and 5.4. 
 2.18	 Earnings . Earnings means the amount credited to or charged against a Participant s In-Service Accounts, Separation Accounts and Company Contribution Accounts on each Determination Date, which shall be based on the Deemed Investment Funds chosen by the Participant as provided in Section Sections 5.3 and 7.1, below for each such Account. Such credits or charges to a Participant s Accounts may be either positive or negative to reflect the increase or decrease in value of the Accounts in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 
 2.19	 Elective Deferral . Elective Deferral means the amount of deferred Compensation credited to a Participant s Account for a Deferral Period in accordance with the Participant s Deferral Election, and any related Earnings. 
 2.20	 Financial Hardship . Financial Hardship means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, or a dependent (as defined in Section 152(a) of the Code) of the Participant, loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the participant. A Financial Hardship shall not occur to the extent that such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation from insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not cause severe financial hardship, or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan. Any determination of whether a Participant has suffered a Financial Hardship shall be determined by the Administrator and such determination shall be final. 
 2.21	 In - Service Account . In-Service Account means the designated portion of a Participant's Elective Deferrals for a Deferral Period that is scheduled to be distributed to the Participant in a future calendar year prior to the Participant s Separation from Service from the Company as specified in the Participant s Deferral Election. 
 2.22	 Investment Allocation . Investment Allocation means a Participant s written allocation of such Participant s Account Balances among the various available Deemed Investment Funds as described in Sections 5.3 and 7.1. 
 2.23	 MGEE Deemed Investment Fund. MGEE Deemed Investment Fund means the Deemed Investment Fund that tracks the value (including dividends) of the common stock of MGE Energy, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, or its successor. If the Administrator establishes the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund as a Deemed Investment Fund, the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund shall only be available with respect to Separation Accounts. 
 11 

2.24	 Participant . Participant means any individual described in Section 3.2. Such individual shall remain a Participant in this Plan until such time as all benefits payable under this Plan have been paid in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 2.25	 Plan . Plan means this Madison Gas and Electric Company 2023 Deferred Compensation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 2.26	 Restoration Contribution . Restoration Contribution means the Company Contributions credited to a Participant's Account under Section 4.2(a), below, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. A Restoration Contribution is designed to restore employer contributions that could not be received by a Participant under the Company s 401(k) and other tax-qualified plans as a direct result of the Participant s Elective Deferrals under this Plan. A Participant is not required to defer compensation under the Company s 401(k) plan in order to receive Restoration Contributions. 
 2.27	 Retirement . Retirement means the Participant s Separation from Service with the Company, for reasons other than death, on or after attainment of age fifty-five (55) and five years of continuous service as an employee of the Company (as defined with respect to the Participant s Separation from Service). 
 2.28	 Separation Account . Separation Account means the designated portion of a Participant's Elective Deferrals for a Deferral Period that will be distributed to the Participant following the Participant s Separation from Service from the Company as specified in the Participant s Deferral Election. 
 2.29	 Separation from Service . Separation from Service or any other similar such phrase means a Participant s separation from service with the Company, for any reason, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h) and other applicable guidance. 
 2.30	 Supplemental Contribution . Supplemental Contribution means the Company Contributions credited to a Participant's Account under Section 4.2(b), below, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. A Supplemental Contribution means an additional contribution, generally ongoing and annual, made by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 12 

Article 3 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 3.1	 Eligibility . Eligibility to participate in the Plan shall be limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Company and its affiliates who are designated and approved for participation by the Administrator from time to time. An individual becomes eligible to submit a Deferral Election for each Deferral Period upon receipt of notification of eligibility from the Administrator during the applicable enrollment period. 
 3.2	 Participation . An individual's participation in the Plan commences upon the date his or her initial Deferral Election becomes irrevocable under Section 5.1 or, if earlier, the date his or her Account is initially credited with a Company Contribution. An individual remains a Participant until his or her Accounts have been fully paid to such individual (or his or her Beneficiary) under the terms of this Plan and the Participant s elections hereunder. While a Participant has an Account Balance, the Participant may exercise all of the rights of a Participation including the ability to modify the payment schedule of an Account under the procedure set forth in Section 5.4 and to make Investment Allocations as provided in Sections 5.3 and 7.1 
 3.3	 First - Year Participation . An individual who has received a notification of initial eligibility under Section 3.1 may submit a Deferral Election to the Administrator within thirty (30) days following such notification of initial eligibility and in no event later than June 30, provided such individual was not eligible to make any elective deferral under a deferred compensation arrangement that is treated as a single plan with this Plan under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(A) or (B) within the immediately preceding 24 months or such individual received a final payment from such arrangement at a time when he or she was not eligible to make deferral elections under the arrangement or this Plan. Such Deferral Election will be effective only with regard to Compensation earned following the date his or her initial Deferral Election became irrevocable under the provisions of Section 5.1. Any Company Contributions made with respect to a Participant who first becomes eligible may be prorated, as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a Participant shall not be allowed to make a Deferral Election with respect to any short-term incentive compensation to be earned by the Participant in the initial Deferral Period. 
 3.4	 Change in Status . While a Participant is ineligible for this Plan, he or she may not submit additional Deferral Elections, nor may such Participant receive Company Contributions. If a Participant becomes ineligible during a Deferral Period, any Elective Deferrals will continue to be withheld from payroll and credited to the Participant s Account with respect to Compensation earned through the last day of the Deferral Period. 

13 

Article 4 CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 
 4.1	 Elective Deferrals . The Participant may defer the receipt of Compensation to be earned during the Deferral Period by submitting a Deferral Election, as described in Section 5.1. 
 4.2	 Company Contributions. The Company may credit a Participant s Company Contribution Account for a Deferral Period with the following types of Company Contributions, all of which shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. Company Contributions are credited no later than 90 days following the end of the Deferral Period: 
 (a)	 Restoration Contributions . The Company may credit a Participant s Company Contribution Account with Restoration Contributions. Any Restoration Contributions shall be credited to the Participant s Account as soon as practical after the end of each calendar year, but in no event later than 90 days after the close of such year. 
 (b)	 Supplemental Contributions . The Company may credit a Participant s Company Contribution Account with Supplemental Contributions. Any Supplemental Contributions shall be credited to the Participant s Account as soon as practical after the end of each calendar year, but in no event later than 90 days after the close of such year. 
 (c)	 Discretionary Contributions . The Company may credit a Participant s Company Contribution Account with Discretionary Contributions. 
 4.3	 Timing of Credits; Withholding . A Participant's Elective Deferral shall be credited to the Participant s Account for the applicable Deferral Period as soon as practical after the date the Compensation deferred would have otherwise been payable to the Participant. Any Company Contributions shall be credited to the Participant s Company Contribution Account as of the date specified by the Company. Any withholding of payroll or state and local income taxes with respect to Elective Deferrals, Company Contributions, or other amounts credited under this Plan that is required by local, state or federal tax laws shall be withheld from the Participant's corresponding non-deferred portion of the Compensation to the maximum extent possible, and any remaining amount may reduce the amount credited to the Participant's Account in a manner specified by the Administrator if the Participant does not arrange for remittance of appropriate taxes. A reduction in amounts credited to the Participant s Account shall be made in accordance with the requirements of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) and (xi) and shall not exceed the maximum amounts permitted by such regulations. 
 4.4	 Determination of Accounts . A Participant s Accounts shall be valued as of each Determination Date by adjusting the balance of such Accounts as of the immediately preceding Determination Date as follows: 
 (a)	 New Credits . Each Account shall be increased by any Elective Deferral or Company Contribution credited since such prior Determination Date. 
 (b)	 Distributions . The Account shall be reduced by the amount of each benefit payment made from that Account since the prior Determination Date. 
 14 

(c)	 Earnings . The Account will be credited with deemed investment returns as provided under Section 7.2. 
 4.5	 Statement of Accounts . To the extent that the Company does not arrange for Account Balances to be accessible online by the Participant, the Administrator shall provide to each Participant a statement showing the balances in the Participant's Account no less frequently than annually. 

15 

Article 5 ELECTIVE DEFERRALS, DISTRIBUTION ELECTIONS, AND INVESTMENT ALLOCATION 
 5.1	 Elective Deferrals . 
 (a)	 General . A Participant may elect to make a Deferral Election for Compensation to be earned during a Deferral Period. 
 (b)	 Submission of Deferral Election . A Participant shall submit his or her Deferral Election specifying in whole percentages the amount of salary and short-term incentive to be deferred at such time and in such manner as may be required by the Administrator. Unless an earlier date is specified by the Company in the Deferral Election, submitted Deferral Elections shall become irrevocable: 
 (i)	for initial mid-year enrollments described under Section 3.3 First Year Participation ), on the 30 th day, commencing with the first payroll period that begins on or after such 30 th day, and 
 (ii)	for all other enrollments, on December 31 immediately preceding the Deferral Period. 
 (c)	 Allocations into Payment Accounts . A separate Deferral Election may be made with respect to Compensation to be earned during a Deferral Period. The Deferral Election shall allocate each Compensation component in whole percentages to the In-Service Account, the Separation Account, or both for that Deferral Period. For example, a Participant could elect to allocate 50 of deferred salary into the In-Service Account, and 50 of deferred salary into the Separation Account. Similarly, a Participant could elect to allocate 30 of short-term incentive compensation into the same In-Service Account and 70 of short-term incentive compensation into the same Separation Account established for the Deferral Period. 
 (d)	 Period of Commitment . Any Deferral Election made by a Participant with respect to Compensation earned during a Deferral Period shall remain in effect for the entire Deferral Period, even if a Participant incurs a Separation from Service. Each successive Deferral Period will require a separate Deferral Election, and Deferral Elections made with respect to a Deferral Period shall not carry over to a subsequent Deferral Period. 
 (e)	 Maximum Deferral . The maximum amounts that may be deferred with respect to the Participant s salary and short-term incentive compensation with respect to a Deferral Period shall be established by the Board from time to time. 
 5.2	 Distribution Elections . 
 (a)	 General . A Participant s Deferral Election shall specify a Distribution Election for the In-Service and Separation Accounts established for each Deferral Period. The Participant 
 16 

shall also elect a form of payment for the Company Contribution Account established for such Deferral Period. 
 (b)	 Elective Deferrals . A Participant may make a Distribution Election for Elective Deferrals by allocating such Elective Deferrals into either an In-Service or Separation Account or both. Such allocations shall be specified in Deferral Election. If no allocation is made for any portion of an Elective Deferral or an allocation cannot be determined, such portion shall be allocated to the Separation Account for the Deferral Period. 
 (i)	 Payment Commencement . The Participant s In-Service Account shall commence payment in the third calendar year following the Deferral Period unless the Participant s Distribution Election specifies a later year. For deferrals made into the Separation Account, the payment shall commence in the calendar year next following the year in which Separation from Service occurs, as further described in Section 8.1. 
 (ii)	 Form of Payments . The Distribution Election shall provide the number of years over which payments will be made to the Participant. Payments may be made as follows: 
 (A)	For an In-Service Account, payments will be made in a lump sum unless the Participant s Distribution Election specifies a designated number of annual installments not exceeding five (5) years. 
 (B)	For a Separation Account, payments will be made in fifteen (15) annual installments unless the Participant s Distribution Election specifies a lump sum or a designated number of annual installments not exceeding fifteen (15) years. 
 (c)	 Company Contributions . A Participant s Company Contributions will be credited to the Participant s Company Contribution Account for the applicable Deferral Period and paid commencing in the calendar year next following the Participant s Separation form Service, as described in Section 8.1, in twenty (20) annual installments unless the Participant elects to receive payment in a single lump sum or a designated number of annual installments not exceeding twenty (20) years. 
 5.3	 Investment Allocation . 
 (a)	 General . For each In-Service Account, Separation Account and Company Contribution Account, a Participant shall submit an Investment Allocation to the Administrator or its designee. The Investment Allocation shall specify an investment allocation among the Deemed Investment Funds made available by the Administrator. 
 (b)	 Submission of Investment Allocation . A Participant shall submit an Investment Allocation at such time and in such form as permitted by the Administrator. 
 17 

(c)	 Deemed Investment Funds . If any portion of an Account remains unallocated among the Deemed Investment Funds, such amount shall be allocated to the default Deemed Investment Fund. 
 5.4	 Change of Time or Form of Distribution Elections . 
 (a)	The Participant may subsequently change the time and form of payment one time only with respect to each In-Service Account, Separation Account and Company Contribution Account by filing a subsequent Distribution Election with the Administrator no later than twelve (12) months prior to the first day of the calendar year in which payments from such Account commence (for example, the subsequent Distribution Election for an In-Service Account must be submitted no later than twelve (12) months prior to January 1 of the current payment year). The payment commencement date under the subsequent Distribution Election will be the fifth calendar year after the calendar year in which payments commence under the initial Distribution Election unless the Participant elects a later year. For purposes of this Section 5.4 annual installments shall be treated as a single payment, as provided in Treas. Reg. 1-409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 
 (b)	The forms of payment available for a subsequent Distribution Election are the same as the available forms for the Account s initial Distribution Election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a subsequent Distribution Election may not extend payment beyond the 20 th calendar year following the year of the Participant s Separation from Service. Any form of payment election that would extend annual installment payments beyond the 20 th year shall be deemed to have elected substantially equal annual installments ending in the 20 th year. Any subsequent election that would commence payments after the 20 th year shall be deemed to have elected the 20 th year with payment to be made in a lump sum, and if the 20 th year does not delay commencement by at least five years from the commencement year of the initial Distribution Election, such election shall be void. Except as provided above, subsequent Distribution Elections are irrevocable upon submission to the Administrator and shall take effect twelve (12) months after the date on which the election became irrevocable. 

18 

Article 6 VESTING 
 6.1	 Vesting of Accounts . Each Participant shall be vested in the amounts credited to such Participant's Account and Earnings thereon as follows: 
 (a)	 Amounts Deferred . A Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested at all times in the amount of Compensation elected to be deferred under this Plan, including any Earnings thereon. 
 (b)	 Restoration Contributions . A Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested at all times in the amount of Restoration Contributions credited under this Plan, including any Earnings thereon. 
 (c)	 Supplemental Contributions . A Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested in the amount of Supplemental Contributions credited under this Plan, including any Earnings thereon, upon attaining five (5) years of continuous service as an employee with the Company and its affiliates. 
 (d)	 Discretionary Contributions . A Participant's Discretionary Contributions and Earnings thereon shall become vested as determined by the Administrator. 
 6.2	 Full Vesting . Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall become 100 vested in their Supplemental Contributions and Discretionary Contributions upon the Participant s death or Disability, or upon a Change in Control. 
 
 19 

Article 7 DEEMED INVESTMENT FUNDS 
 7.1	 Deemed Investment Funds . 
 (a)	 General . A Participant shall designate, by submitting an Investment Allocation at a time and in a manner acceptable to the Administrator, one or more then available Deemed Investment Funds for each Account for the sole purpose of determining the amount of Earnings to be credited or debited to such Account. Such election shall designate the portion of each deferral of Compensation made into each Account that shall be allocated among the available Deemed Investment Fund(s), and such election shall apply to each succeeding deferral of Compensation and Company Contributions until such time as the Participant shall file a new election with the Administrator. If a Participant does not designate a Deemed Investment Fund for any or all of an Account, the Administrator shall designate a default Deemed Investment Fund for which all unallocated contributions shall be allocated. Any default Deemed Investment Fund may be changed from time to time, at the sole discretion of the Administrator. 
 (b)	 Reallocation . Upon notice to the Administrator, Participants shall also be permitted to reallocate the balance in each Deemed Investment Fund among the other available Deemed Investment Funds as determined by the Administrator. The manner in which such elections shall be made and the frequency with which such elections may be changed and the manner in which such elections shall become effective shall be determined in accordance with the procedures to be adopted by the Administrator or its delegate from time to time. 
 (c)	 Changes to Deemed Investment Funds . The Administrator shall have the authority to establish and maintain the Deemed Investment Funds and the default Deemed Investment Fund. In the event the Administrator changes, adds, or removes any Deemed Investment Fund or any default Deemed Investment Fund, the Administrator shall notify Participants, if feasible, no later than thirty (30) days prior to such change, addition, or removal. In the event of any such change, addition, or removal, the Administrator shall provide the Participant with information regarding alternative Deemed Investment Funds, the ability for Participants to make a change to their allocations in the Deemed Investment Funds, or the default course of action that will be taken in the event the Participant does not provide instructions to the Administrator. 
 (d)	 Distributions . Distributions shall be deemed to have been made proportionally from each of the Deemed Investment Funds maintained within such sub-account based on the proportion that such Deemed Investment Fund bears to the sum of all Deemed Investment Funds maintained within such sub-account for that Participant as of the applicable Determination Date set forth in Section 8.3. 
 (e)	 MGEE Deemed Investment Fund . Notwithstanding the above, if the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund is available as a Deemed Investment Fund under the Plan, a Participant may not designate any Elective Deferral or Company Contributions to be allocated to the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund. However, a Participant may instruct the Administrator or its designee to reallocate any portion of any Account Balance with respect to their Separation Account (but not any In-Service Account) to the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund, at such times and pursuant to such procedures as may be allowed by the Administrator or its designee. Once any portion of any 
 20 

Account Balance is allocated to the MGEE Deemed Investment Fund, such allocation may not be reallocated again to any other Deemed Investment Fund before a Participant incurs a Separation from Service. Upon a Participant s Separation from Service, a Participant may generally reallocate their Account Balance to other Deemed Investment Funds, unless the Participant is, at the time of such reallocation, an insider as defined under applicable securities laws and the Administrator determines the Participant cannot make such reallocation. 
 7.2	 Earnings . Each Account shall be increased or decreased by the Earnings credited to such Account as of each Determination Date for the applicable Deemed Investment Fund(s) chosen by the Participant. 
 
 21 

Article 8 PLAN PAYMENTS 
 8.1	 Separation Account and Company Contribution Account . The vested portion of a Participant s Separation Account and Company Contribution Account are payable to the Participant following the Participant s Separation from Service, or following Disability, if earlier. 
 (a)	 Timing of Payment . Under the Participant's initial Deferral Election, payment will be made or commence in the calendar year next following the calendar year in which Separation from Service or Disability occurs, as is applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, no payment to a specified employee as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(i) will be paid earlier than six months following the date of his or her Separation from Service. 
 (b)	 Form of Payment . Subject to Section 8.1(c), the form of benefit payment for a Separation Account or Company Contribution Account shall be that form selected by the Participant in the current Distribution Election for each such Account, as described in Article 5 above. 
 (c)	 Separation from Service Prior to Retirement . If the Participant Separates from Service prior to Retirement or incurring a Disability, the Separation Account and vested Company Contribution Account shall be paid in the form of a lump sum. Such payment shall be made in accordance with Section 8.1(a). 
 8.2	 In-Service Account . In-Service Accounts pay as follows: 
 (a)	 Timing of Payment . Payments shall commence in the calendar year specified in the current Distribution Election for the In-Service Account. 
 (b)	 Form of Payment . The form of payment from an In-Service Account shall be that form selected by the Participant pursuant to the Participant s current Distribution Election as described in Article 5 above. 
 (c)	 Separation from Service Prior to Specified In-Service Payment Date . If the Participant Separates from Service prior to the payment commencement year designated in the Distribution Election with respect to a particular In-Service Account, such In-Service Account shall be paid in the form of a lump sum payment in the calendar year next following the Participant s Separation from Service, pursuant to Section 8.1(a). If any payments have commenced under the In-Service Account, such payment shall be accelerated and paid in a lump sum. The lump sum payment under this Section 8.2(c) is payable regardless of whether the Participant has attained Retirement eligibility. 
 8.3	 Payment Amounts . For purposes of valuing an Account to be paid to a Participant or Beneficiary, the Account Balance is the value of such Account on the first Determination Date of the month in which actual payment is made. When the Participant is entitled to receive installment payments, each annual payment shall be equal to the Account Balance on such Determination Date, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one (1) and the denominator of which is the number of remaining installments payments, including the installment being calculated. Earnings shall continue to accrue on the unpaid balance of the Account until paid as set forth in this Section 8.3. 
 22 

8.4	 Death Benefit . Upon the death of a Participant prior to the commencement of benefits under this Plan from any particular Account, Company shall pay to the Participant's Beneficiary an amount equal to the vested Account Balance in that Account in the form of a lump sum payment as soon as administratively possible. In the event of the death of the Participant after the commencement of benefits under this Plan from any Account, the benefits from that Account(s) shall be paid to the Participant s designated Beneficiary from that Account at the same time and in the same manner as if the Participant had survived. 
 8.5	 Hardship Distributions . Upon a finding that a Participant has suffered a Financial Hardship, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, terminate the existing Deferral Election, and/or make distributions from any or all of the Participant s Accounts. The amount of such distribution shall be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to meet the Participant's needs resulting from the Financial Hardship plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such Financial Hardship is or may be relieved through the reimbursement or compensation by insurance, or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent that liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship). The amount of such distribution will not exceed the Participant's vested Account Balances. 
 8.6	 Small Account . If the Participant's vested, unpaid Account Balance, including all Separation Accounts, In-Service Accounts and vested Company Contribution Accounts as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service or Disability is less than 100,000, the entire vested Account shall be paid in a lump sum, notwithstanding any election by the Participant to the contrary. 
 8.7	 Withholding; Payroll Taxes . Company shall withhold from any payment made pursuant to this Plan any taxes required to be withheld from such payments under local, state or federal law. The Company may accelerate payment of all or a portion of the Participant's vested Account to pay any taxes imposed under the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA). A Participant shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on a Participant or for a Participant's Account in connection with the Plan (including any taxes and penalties under Code Section 409A), and neither the Company nor the Administrator shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold a Participant harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. 
 8.8	 Payment to Guardian . If a Plan benefit is payable to a minor or a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of the property, the Administrator may direct payment to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of such minor, incompetent or person. The Administrator may require proof of incompetency, minority, incapacity or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution. Such distribution shall completely discharge the Administrator and Company from all liability with respect to such benefit. 

23 

8.9	 Effect of Payment . The full payment of the applicable benefit under this Article 8 shall completely discharge all obligations on the part of the Company to the Participant (and the Participant s Beneficiary) with respect to the operation of this Plan, and the Participant s (and Participant s Beneficiary s) rights under this Plan shall terminate. 
 8.10	 Forfeiture . In the event that the Participant is convicted of a felony or judicially determined to have committed willful malfeasance, either of which (i) relates to Participant s employment or performance, or (ii) the Board determines was egregious and caused harm to the Company, both as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the unpaid Company Contribution Accounts of such Participant shall be forfeited, and no further payments shall be made from such Accounts to such Participant. 
 8.11	 Clawback of Contributions and Payments . All contributions and payments made under this Plan shall be subject to the Company s clawback policy, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 24 

Article 9 BENEFICIARY DESIGNATIONS 
 	9.1	 Beneficiary Designation . Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to designate one (1) or more persons or entity as Beneficiary (both primary as well as secondary) to whom benefits under this Plan shall be paid in the event of Participant's death prior to complete distribution of the Participant's vested Account Balance. Each Beneficiary designation shall be in a written form prescribed by the Administrator and shall be effective only when filed with the Administrator during the Participant's lifetime. Following a Participant s death, if a Beneficiary has been designated, the Beneficiary (and any subsequent Beneficiary) shall have the same rights as the Participant to name a designated Beneficiary. The provisions under this Section shall apply to the Beneficiary as if such Beneficiary were the Participant. 
 
 9.2	 Changing Beneficiary . Any Beneficiary designation may be changed by a Participant without the consent of the previously named Beneficiary by the filing of a new Beneficiary designation with the Administrator in the manner and with the effect provided in Section 9.1. 
 9.3	 No Beneficiary Designation . If any Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary in the manner provided above, if the designation is void, or if the Beneficiary designated by a deceased Participant dies before the Participant or before complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, the Participant's Beneficiary shall be the person in the first of the following classes in which there is a survivor: 
 (a)	The Participant's surviving spouse; 
 (b)	If the Participant does not have a surviving spouse, the Participant's estate. 
 9.4	 Effect of Payment . Payment to the Beneficiary shall completely discharge the Company's obligations under this Plan. 
 
 25 

Article 10 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 10.1	 Administrator; Duties . This Plan shall be administered by the Administrator, except in the event of a Change in Control as provided in Section 10.6 below. The Administrator shall have the authority to make, amend, interpret and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan and decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations of the Plan, as they may arise in such administration. The Administrator may be a Participant(s) under this Plan. 
 10.2	 Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . It is intended that the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so as to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year that is prior to the taxable year or years in which such amounts would otherwise actually be paid or made available to Participants or Beneficiaries. This Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Although the Administrator shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to avoid the imposition of taxation, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the tax treatment of deferrals under this Plan is not warranted or guaranteed . Neither the Company, the Board, any director, officer, employee and advisor, nor the Administrator (nor its delegates) shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any Participant, Beneficiary or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan. For purposes of the Plan, the phrase permitted by Section 409A of the Code, or words or phrases of similar import, shall mean that the event or circumstance shall only be permitted to the extent it would not cause an amount deferred or payable under the Plan to be includible in the gross income of a Participant or Beneficiary under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. 
 10.3	 Agents . The Administrator may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit, and may from time to time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Company. 
 10.4	 Binding Effect of Decisions . The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. 
 10.5	 Indemnity of Administrator . The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrator against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense or liability arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of the Administrator s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 10.6	 Election of Administrator After Change in Control . After a Change in Control, vacancies with respect to the Administrator shall be filled by majority vote of the remaining members of the Incumbent Board and delegates may be removed or replaced only by such a vote. If no members of the Incumbent Board remain, a new Administrator shall be elected by majority vote of the Participants in the Plan immediately preceding such Change in Control. The new 
 26 

Administrator need not be a member of the Board. After a Change in Control, no amendment shall be made to Article 7, this Article 10 or other Plan provisions regarding Administrator authority with respect to the Plan without prior approval by the Administrator selected in accordance with this Section 10.6. 
 27 

Article 11 CLAIMS PROCEDURE 
 11.1	 Claim . Any person or entity claiming a benefit, requesting an interpretation or ruling under the Plan (hereinafter referred to as Claimant ), or requesting information under the Plan shall present the request in writing to the Administrator, which shall respond in writing as soon as practical, but in no event later than ninety (90) days after receiving the initial claim (or no later than forty-five (45) days after receiving the initial claim regarding a Disability under this Plan). 
 11.2	 Denial of Claim . If the claim or request is denied by the Administrator, the written notice of denial shall state: 
 (a)	The reasons for denial, with specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based; 
 (b)	A description of any additional material or information required and an explanation of why it is necessary, in which event the time frames listed in Section 11.1 shall be one hundred and eighty (180) and seventy-five (75) days from the date of the initial claim respectively; and 
 (c)	An explanation of the Plan's claim review procedure. 
 11.3	 Review of Claim . Any Claimant whose claim or request is denied or who has not received a response within sixty (60) days (or one hundred and eighty (180) days in the event of a claim regarding a Disability) may request a review by notice given in writing to the Administrator. Such request must be made within sixty (60) days (or one hundred and eighty (180) days in the event of a claim regarding a Disability) after receipt by the Claimant of the written notice of denial, or in the event Claimant has not received a response sixty (60) days (or one hundred and eighty (180) days in the event of a claim regarding a Disability) after receipt by the Administrator of Claimant's claim or request. The claim or request shall be reviewed by the Administrator which may, but shall not be required to, grant the Claimant a hearing. On review, the Claimant may have representation, examine pertinent documents, and submit issues and comments in writing. 		 
 11.4	 Final Decision . The decision on review shall normally be made within sixty (60) days (or forty-five (45) days in the event of a claim regarding a Disability) after the Administrator's receipt of Claimant's request pursuant to Section 11.3. If an extension of time is required for a hearing or other special circumstances, the Claimant shall be notified and the time limit shall be one hundred twenty (120) days (or ninety (90) days in the event of a claim regarding a Disability). The decision shall be in writing and shall state the reasons and the relevant Plan provisions. All decisions on review shall be final and bind all parties concerned. 
 11.5	 Limitations Period . The internal claims procedures set forth in this Section 11 are mandatory. If a Participant fails to follow these claims procedures, or to timely file a request for appeal in accordance with this Section 11, the denial of the claim shall become final and binding on all persons for all purposes. Upon completion of these procedures, the Participant may request judicial review of the final decision on the claim. The period for which a Participant may bring a legal action under this Plan shall expire on the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of the final decision made by the Administrator under Section 11.4 above. 
 28 

11.6	 Venue . Any dispute, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Plan may only be commenced in the state courts of Dane County, Wisconsin or, if proper subject matter jurisdiction exists, the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. 
 
 29 

Article 12 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 12.1	 Amendment . Subject to Section 10.6, the Board may at any time amend the Plan by written instrument, notice of which is given to all Participants and to any Beneficiaries receiving installment payments, except that no amendment shall reduce the amount vested or accrued in any Account as of the date the amendment is adopted. In addition, any amendment which adds a distribution event to the Plan shall not be affective with respect to Accounts already established as of the time of such amendment. 
 12.2	 Company's Right to Terminate . The Board may, in its sole discretion, terminate the entire Plan, or terminate a portion of the Plan that is identified as an elective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(A), or as a nonelective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(B), and require distribution of all benefits due under the Plan or portion thereof, provided that: 
 (a)	The termination of the Plan does not occur proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Company, as determined by the Administrator; 
 (b)	The Company also terminates all other plans or arrangements which are considered to be of a similar type as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i), or as otherwise provided by the Code, as the portion of the Plan which has been terminated; 
 (c)	No payments made in connection with the termination of the Plan occur earlier than 12 months following the Plan termination date other than payments the Plan would have made irrespective of Plan termination; 
 (d)	All payments made in connection with the termination of the Plan are completed within 24 months following the Plan termination date; 
 (e)	The Company does not establish a new plan of a similar type as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i), within 3 years following the Plan termination date of the portion of the Plan which has been terminated; and 
 (f)	The Company meets any other requirements deemed necessary to comply with provisions of the Code and applicable regulations which permit the acceleration of the time and form of payment made in connection with plan terminations and liquidations. 
 
 30 

Article 13 MISCELLANEOUS 
 13.1	 Unfunded Plan . This plan is an unfunded plan maintained primarily to provide deferred compensation benefits, supplemental retirement benefits, or both for a select group of management or highly-compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301, and 401 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), and therefore is exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
 13.2	 Unsecured General Creditor . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Participants and Participants Beneficiaries shall be unsecured general creditors, with no secured or preferential rights to any assets of Company or any other party for payment of benefits under this Plan. Any property held by the Company for the purpose of generating the cash flow for benefit payments shall remain its general, unpledged and unrestricted assets. The Company's obligation under the Plan shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. 
 13.3	 Trust Fund . The Company shall be responsible for the payment of all benefits provided under the Plan. At its discretion, the Company may establish one (1) or more trusts, with such trustees as the Board may approve, for the purpose of assisting in the payment of such benefits. The assets of any such trust shall be held for payment of all Company's general creditors in the event of insolvency. To the extent any benefits provided under the Plan are paid from any such trust, the Company shall have no further obligation to pay them. If not paid from the trust, such benefits shall remain the obligation of the Company. 
 13.4	 Nonassignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are, expressly declared to be unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgements, or alimony or separate maintenance in the event of a Participant s divorce, owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 13.5	 Not a Contract of Employment . This Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment between the Company and the Participant. Nothing in this Plan shall give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of the Company or to interfere with the right of the Company to discipline or discharge a Participant at any time. 
 13.6	 Protective Provisions . A Participant will cooperate with Company by furnishing any and all information requested by Company, in order to facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder, and by taking such physical examinations as Company may deem necessary and taking such other action as may be requested by Company. 

31 

13.7	 Governing Law . The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Wisconsin except as preempted by federal law. 
 13.8	 Validity . If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 
 13.9	 Notice . Any notice required or permitted under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, or sent by electronic mail. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. Mailed notice to the Administrator shall be directed to the Company's address. Mailed notice to a Participant or Beneficiary shall be directed to the individual's last known address in the Company s records. Any electronic communication to the Company shall be directed to the Human Resources Department at humanresources@mge.com. 
 13.10	 Successors . The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of Company and its successors and assigns. The term successors as used herein shall include any corporate or other business entity which shall, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets of Company, and successors of any such corporation or other business entity. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this document to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of December 16, 2022, to be effective as of the Effective Date. 

Madison Gas and Electric Company 

/s/ Jeffrey Keebler 

By: 
 Jeffrey Keebler 

Title: 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

32 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 mgee-ex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.34 
 
 INCOME CONTINUATION AGREEMENT 
 This Income Continuation Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of the ______ day of ___________, 2016 by and between Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation (MGE), and Lynn K. Hobbie (Employee), and shall be effective as of January 1, 2016. This Agreement supersedes any and all previous Income Continuation Agreements entered into by and between the Employee and MGE, including but not limited to such agreements which were effective January 1, 2005 and November 27, 1994. 
 WHEREAS, MGE values the efforts, abilities, and accomplishments of the Employee, and recognizes that the Employee's future services as an Officer are vital to MGE s continued growth and efficiency, and 
 WHEREAS, MGE, in order to retain the services of the Employee as an Officer and to compensate for these services, is willing to provide the Employee certain benefits, as set forth below. 
 NOW THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed that: 
 1. Definitions . Whenever capitalized and used in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings stated below: 

(a) Average Earnings means the average of the Employee s monthly Earnings for the highest average 60 consecutive calendar month period during the 120 consecutive calendar month period for which the Employee has Years of Service Credit immediately before the Employee s date of Separation of Service, Disability or death. 

(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(c) Designated Percentage means the percentage under the table in Section 3(c), based on the age of the Employee in completed whole years and 

1 

completed whole months on the date of her Separation from Service, Disability or death. 

(d) Disability means the Employee s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

(e) Earnings means earnings as defined in the Retirement Plan plus any amount deferred by the Employee under any nonqualified deferred compensation agreement with or plan of MGE and any amount payable pursuant to any severance plan, program or agreement with MGE. 

(f) Income Continuation Amount means the monthly amount of the annuity payable to the Employee under this Agreement. 

(g) Normal Retirement Date means, where the Employee's 65th birthday occurs within the first 15 days of a calendar month, the first day of that month; otherwise, the first day of the month next following the Employee's 65th birthday. 

(h) Officer means an employee who has been named an officer of MGE by the board of directors of MGE. 

(i) Qualified Plan Benefit Payable means the monthly amount, if any, of the single life annuity payable to the Employee under the Retirement Plan on the date of commencement of the Income Continuation Amount paid under this Agreement, as modified by Section 6(a), or of this Agreement, as applicable. 

(j) Retirement Plan means the Madison Gas and Electric Company Retirement Plan, revised effectiveJanuary 1, 2016, and as amended thereafter from time to time. 

(k) Separation from Service means a termination of services provided by the Employee to MGE, as determined by MGE in accordance with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(h), but excluding a termination of services by reason of the Employee s death or Disability. In determining whether an Employee has experienced a Separation from Service, the following provisions shall apply: 

(1) Subject to part (2) below, an Employee s Separation from Service shall occur when the Employee has experienced a termination of employment with MGE. The Employee shall be considered to have experienced a termination of employment when the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employee and MGE reasonably anticipate that either: 

2 

(i)	no further services will be performed for MGE after a certain date, or 
 (ii)	that the level of bona fide services the Employee will perform for MGE after such date (whether as an employee or consultant) will permanently decrease to no more than 20 of the average level of bona fide services performed by such Employee (whether as an employee or consultant) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services to MGE if the Employee has been providing services to the MGE less than 36 months). 
 (2) If the Employee is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, the employment relationship between the Employee and MGE shall be treated as continuing intact, provided that the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Employee retains a right to reemployment with MGE under an applicable statute or by contract. If the period of a military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence exceeds six months and the Employee does not retain a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract, the employment relationship shall be considered to be terminated for purposes of this Plan as of the first day immediately following the end of such six-month period. In applying the provisions of this paragraph, a leave of absence shall be considered a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Employee will return to perform services for MGE. 

(l) Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity means a series of equal monthly payments, payable for the life of the Employee, provided, that if the Employee dies before receiving 120 such payments, such payments shall continue to be paid to the Employee's beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 8 until the total number of such payments made to the Employee and such beneficiary equals 120. 

(m) Years of Service Credit means the Employee's years of service with MGE as defined in the Retirement Plan. 

2. Employee Services . Except as may be provided in any other agreement or contract between MGE and the Employee, either MGE or the Employee may terminate the Employee's employment or status as an Officer at any time and for any reason. 

3 

3. Retirement . 

(a) Eligibility . If the Employee's Separation from Service or Disability occurs on or after the date the Employee has attained age 55, the Employee will be deemed to have retired, and MGE will pay or cause to be paid to the Employee, with respect to the earlier to occur of such events, the Income Continuation Amount for a retired Employee in the form of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity. 

(b) Amount . The Income Continuation Amount for a retired Employee is a monthly amount equal to: 

(1)	the Designated Percentage of Average Earnings, minus 
 (2) 	the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable as described in Section 1(i). 
 (c) Designated Percentages Table . 

Attained age in Whole Years At Retirement 
 Percentage Of Average Earnings 

65+ 
 70 

64 
 69 

63 
 68 

62 
 67 

61 
 66 

60 
 65 

59 
 63 

58 
 61 

57 
 59 

56 
 57 

55 
 55 

If the Employee s Separation from Service or Disability is on a date other than her birth date, the Designated Percentage shall be prorated to reflect her age in completed whole years and in completed whole months, as follows: Completed whole months shall be reflected by determining the difference between the percentage attributable to the current age in years of the Employee and the percentage attributable to the age in years of the Employee on her next birth date, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of completed whole months of age of the Employee (in excess of her age in completed whole years) and the denominator of which is 12. The numerator for the proration shall be increased by one month if the Employee is retiring between ages 64 and 65 and has a birth date in the first fifteen days of the month (the Normal Retirement Date ). The sum of such prorated percentage (reflecting age in completed whole 
 	 4 

months) and the percentage attributable to age in completed whole years determined using the above table equals the Designated Percentage for the Employee. 
 (d) Commencement . The Income Continuation Amount for a retired Employee shall be paid beginning on the first business day of the month coinciding with or next following the Employee's Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the date of the Employee s Separation from Service the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code, such payment shall begin on the first business day of the seventh full month after the date of the Employee s Separation from Service, and the first deferred payment shall include the aggregate amount that but for this sentence would have been paid to the Employee during the period between the Employee s Separation from Service and the date on which the Income Continuation Amounts begin pursuant to this sentence. The preceding sentence shall not apply to payments made on account of the Employee s Disability. 

4. Early Termination . 

(a) Eligibility . If the Employee's Separation from Service or Disability occurs before the Employee has attained age 55, MGE will pay or cause to be paid to the Employee, with respect to the earlier to occur of such events, the Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee in the form of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity. 

(b) Amount . The Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee shall be a monthly amount equal to: 

(1) 55 percent of Average Earnings, minus 

(2) the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable described in Section 1(i). 

(c) Commencement . The Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee shall be paid beginning on the first business day of the month coinciding with or next following the Employee's 55th birthday. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the date of the Employee s Separation from Service the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code, such payment shall not begin before the first business day of the seventh full month following the date of the Employee s Separation from Service, and the first deferred payment shall include the aggregate amount, if any, that but for this sentence would have been paid to the Employee during the period between the Employee s Separation from Service and the date on which the Income Continuation Amounts begin pursuant to this sentence. The preceding sentence shall not apply to payments made on account of the Employee s Disability. 

5 

5. Optional Forms . Instead of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity, the retired or terminated Employee may irrevocably elect prior to commencement of her Income Continuation Amount to receive her Income Continuation Amount in one of the following optional forms, which will be actuarially equivalent to the Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity: 

(a) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 50 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120; or 

(b) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 75 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120; or 

(c) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 100 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120. 

For purposes of this Section 5, actuarial equivalence is determined using the same actuarial assumptions used to determine actuarially equivalent options in the Retirement Plan. 
 6. Standard Death Benefit . If the Employee dies (i) while actively employed by MGE or (ii) after Separation from Service but before commencement of the Income Continuation Amount as calculated under Section 4 of this Agreement, MGE shall pay to the Employee's spouse or designated beneficiary, as set forth below, monthly for 120 months, in an amount determined as follows: 

(a) With respect to an Employee who dies while actively employed by MGE, MGE shall pay to the Employee s spouse or, if the Employee is not married on the Employee s date of death, the Employee s designated beneficiary, 100 percent of the Income Continuation Amount calculated under Section 3 of this Agreement as if: 

(1) in the case of an Employee who dies before her 55th birthday, the Employee had attained age 55 and incurred a Separation from 

6 

Service on the first day of the month following the date of her death (for the purpose of determining the Income Continuation Amount, including the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable); 

(2) in the case of an Employee who dies on or after her 55th birthday, the Employee incurred a Separation from Service on the first day of the month following her date of death; and 

(3) the Employee's Average Earnings are her Average Earnings on the date of her death. 

(b) With respect to an Employee who dies after Separation from Service but before commencement of the Income Continuation Amount as calculated under Section 4 of this Agreement, MGE shall pay to the Employee s spouse or, if the Employee is not married on the Employee s date of death, the Employee s designated beneficiary, 50 percent of the Income Continuation Amount the Employee would have received had the Employee survived until the commencement of the Income Continuation Amount. 

Such monthly amounts shall commence on the first business day of the month following the date on which such spouse or designated beneficiary notifies MGE in writing of the death of the Employee. MGE may require such proof of the Employee's death as it deems advisable. 
 7. Additional Death Benefit for Married Employees . In the event that the Employee s surviving spouse has received all 120 monthly payments to which such spouse is entitled under Section 6(a) or (b), such spouse shall be entitled to an additional benefit payable as a monthly annuity equal to 50 percent of the amount calculated under Section 6 (a) or (b). Such monthly annuity shall commence on the first day of the month following the date on which such spouse receives his or her last payment pursuant to Section 6(a) or (b) and shall continue for the lifetime of such spouse. 

7 

8. Designation of Beneficiaries . Upon signature of this Agreement, the Employee shall designate one person as her primary beneficiary. Such primary beneficiary shall, as applicable, be considered (1) the beneficiary for purposes of the lifetime survivor payments under the optional forms of benefit described in Section 5 and (2) the beneficiary who shall receive any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of this Agreement (including the death benefit described in Section 6). The Employee may also designate one or more persons as her secondary beneficiary(ies). Such secondary beneficiary(ies) shall, upon the death of both the Employee and the primary beneficiary, receive any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of this Agreement (including the death benefit described in Section 6). The word beneficiary as used in this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 8. 

The Employee may change the designation of beneficiaries at any time upon written notice to MGE. If no beneficiary survives the Employee, then the remaining payments shall be made to the estate of the Employee. If the last beneficiary named dies after the Employee, but before the total number of payments to the Employee and her beneficiaries equals 120, then the remaining payments shall be made to the estate of the beneficiary last to die. 
 9. Employee Violations . In the event that the Employee is convicted of a felony or judicially determined to have committed willful malfeasance, MGE can cause the payments hereunder to be forfeited. 

10. Unsecured Promise . The Employee, the Employee's spouse and designated beneficiary(ies) shall rely solely on the unsecured promise of MGE for 

8 

benefits hereunder, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give any party any right, title, interest or claim in or to any specific asset, fund, reserve, account or property of any kind whatsoever, owned by MGE or in which it may have any right, title or interest now or in the future; but the Employee, the Employee's spouse and designated beneficiary(ies) shall have the right to enforce a claim against MGE in the same manner as any unsecured creditor. 

11. Amendment . MGE may at any time amend this Agreement in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment shall be effective to decrease any benefits hereunder, without regard to whether such benefits have accrued as of the date of such amendment. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be interpreted as limiting MGE's rights under Section 9. 

12. Anti-Alienation Provisions . Neither the Employee, the Employee's spouse, nor the Employee's designated beneficiary(ies), entitled to payments hereunder, shall have any power to transfer, assign, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber in advance, any of such payments, nor shall such payments be subject to any gift, devise or bequest or to seizure for the payment of public or private debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance, or be transferable by operation of law in event of bankruptcy, insolvency or otherwise. 

13. Successors to Parties . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and upon the parties' successors. 

14. No Contract of Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as a contract of employment or as giving the Employee any right to be retained in the employ or as an Officer of MGE. 

9 

15. Applicable Law . The laws of the State of Wisconsin shall govern this 

Agreement. 
 
 16. Compliance With Section 409A of Code . This Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and shall be interpreted and construed accordingly. MGE shall have the discretion and authority to amend this Agreement at any time to satisfy any requirements of Section 409A of the Code or guidance provided by the U.S. Treasury Department to the extent applicable to this Agreement. By accepting this Agreement, the Employee agrees that no provision of this Agreement or any communications related to this Agreement shall be interpreted as guaranteeing the tax consequences or treatment of any amounts payable to the Employee under this Agreement. 

17. Claims Procedure . The Employee shall make any requests for benefits under this Agreement in accordance with the claims procedures set forth in the Retirement Plan. 

18. Tax Withholding . Employee shall be required to pay to MGE the amount of any taxes that MGE is legally required to withhold with respect to any payment under this Agreement. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any amounts otherwise payable under the Agreement any federal, state, local, or other applicable taxes required to be withheld, or any other legally required withholdings. The Company shall not have any liability related to withholding. 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MGE has caused this Income Continuation Agreement to be executed by a duly authorized officer of MGE and Employee has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 

By: 	 ______________________ 

MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: 	 ______________________ 
 
 ICA Hobbie 1 1 16 
 	 11 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 8
 mgee-ex10_35.htm
 EX-10.35

EX-10 

EXHIBIT 10.35 
 
 INCOME CONTINUATION AGREEMENT 
 This Income Continuation Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of the 	 day of __________, 2016 by and between Madison Gas and Electric Company, a Wisconsin corporation (MGE), and Tamara J. Johnson (Employee), and shall be effective as of January 1, 2016. 
 WHEREAS, MGE values the efforts, abilities, and accomplishments of the Employee, and recognizes that the Employee's future services as an Officer are vital to MGE s continued growth and efficiency, and 
 WHEREAS, MGE, in order to retain the services of the Employee as an Officer and to compensate for these services, is willing to provide the Employee certain benefits, as set forth below. 
 NOW THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed that: 
 1. Definitions . Whenever capitalized and used in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings stated below: 

(a) Average Earnings means the average of the Employee's monthly Earnings for the highest average 60 consecutive calendar month period during the 120 consecutive calendar month period for which the Employee has Years of Service Credit immediately before the Employee's date of Separation from Service, Disability or death. 

(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(c) Designated Percentage means the percentage under the table in Section 3(c), based on the age of the Employee in completed whole years and completed whole months on the date of her Separation from Service, Disability or death. 

(d) Disability means the Employee s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 

1 

impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

(e) Earnings means earnings as defined in the Retirement Plan plus any amount deferred by the Employee under any nonqualified deferred compensation agreement with or plan of MGE and any amount payable pursuant to any severance plan, program or agreement with MGE. 

(f) Income Continuation Amount means the monthly amount of the annuity payable to the Employee under this Agreement. 

(g) Normal Retirement Date means, where the Employee's 65th birthday occurs within the first 15 days of a calendar month, the first day of that month; otherwise, the first day of the month next following the Employee's 65th birthday. 

(h) Officer means an employee who has been named an officer of MGE by the board of directors of MGE. 

(i) Officer Years of Service means the number of whole years that the Employee has served as an Officer. 

(j) Qualified Plan Benefit Payable means the monthly amount, if any, of the single life annuity payable to the Employee under the Retirement Plan on the date of commencement of the Income Continuation Amount paid under this Agreement, as modified by Section 6, or of this Agreement, as applicable. 

(k) Retirement Plan means the Madison Gas and Electric Company Retirement Plan, revised effective January 1, 2016, and as amended thereafter from time to time. 

(l) Separation from Service means a termination of services provided by the Employee to MGE, as determined by MGE in accordance with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(h), but excluding a termination of services by reason of the Employee s death or Disability. In determining whether an Employee has experienced a Separation from Service, the following provisions shall apply: 

(1) Subject to part (2) below, an Employee s Separation from Service shall occur when the Employee has experienced a termination of employment with MGE. The Employee shall be considered to have experienced a termination of employment when the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employee and MGE reasonably anticipate that either: 

(i)	no further services will be performed for MGE after a certain date, or 
 	 2 

(ii)	that the level of bona fide services the Employee will perform for MGE after such date (whether as an employee or consultant) will permanently decrease to no more than 20 of the average level of bona fide services performed by such Employee (whether as an employee or consultant) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services to MGE if the Employee has been providing services to the MGE less than 36 months). 
 (2) If the Employee is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, the employment relationship between the Employee and MGE shall be treated as continuing intact, provided that the period of such leave does not exceed six months, or if longer, so long as the Employee retains a right to reemployment with MGE under an applicable statute or by contract. If the period of a military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence exceeds six months and the Employee does not retain a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract, the employment relationship shall be considered to be terminated for purposes of this Plan as of the first day immediately following the end of such six-month period. In applying the provisions of this paragraph, a leave of absence shall be considered a bona fide leave of absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Employee will return to perform services for MGE. 

(m) Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity means a series of equal monthly payments, payable for the life of the Employee, provided, that if the Employee dies before receiving 120 such payments, such payments shall continue to be paid to the Employee's beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 8 until the total number of such payments made to the Employee and such beneficiary equals 120. 

(n) Years of Service Credit means the Employee's years of service with MGE as defined in the Retirement Plan. 

2. Employee Services . Except as may be provided in any other agreement or contract between MGE and the Employee, either MGE or the Employee may terminate the Employee's employment or status as an Officer at any time and for any reason. 

3. Retirement . 

(a) Eligibility . If the Employee's Separation from Service or Disability occurs on or after the date the Employee has attained age 60, the Employee will be deemed to have retired, and MGE will pay or cause to be paid to the Employee, with respect to the earlier to occur of such events, the Income 

3 

Continuation Amount for a retired Employee in the form of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity. 

(b) Amount . The Income Continuation Amount for a retired Employee is a monthly amount equal to: 

(1)	the Designated Percentage of Average Earnings, minus 
 (2) 	the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable as described in Section 1(j), 
 (c) Designated Percentages Table . 

Attained Age In Whole Years At Retirement 
 Percentage Of Average Earnings 

65+ 
 55 

64 
 54 

63 
 53 

62 
 52 

61 
 51 

60 
 50 

If the Employee s Separation from Service or Disability is on a date other than her birth date, the Designated Percentage shall be prorated to reflect her age in completed whole years and in completed whole months, as follows: Completed whole months shall be reflected by determining the difference between the percentage attributable to the current age in years of the Employee and the percentage attributable to the age in years of the Employee on her next birth date, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of completed whole months of age of the Employee (in excess of her age in completed whole years) and the denominator of which is 12. The numerator for the proration shall be increased by one month if the Employee is retiring between ages 64 and 65 and has a birth date in the first fifteen days of the month (the Normal Retirement Date ). The sum of such prorated percentage (reflecting age in completed whole months) and the percentage attributable to age in completed whole years determined using the above table equals the Designated Percentage for the Employee. 
 
 (d) Commencement . The Income Continuation Amount for a retired Employee shall be paid beginning on the first business day of the month coinciding with or next following the Employee's Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the date of the Employee s Separation from Service the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code, such payment shall begin on the first 

4 

business day of the seventh full month after the date of the Employee s Separation from Service, and the first deferred payment shall include the aggregate amount that but for this sentence would have been paid to the Employee during the period between the Employee s Separation from Service and the date on which the Income Continuation Amounts begin pursuant to this sentence. The preceding sentence shall not apply to payments made on account of the Employee s Disability. 

4. Early Termination in the Event of Disability . 

(a) Eligibility . If the Employee incurs a Separation from Service as a result of Disability before the Employee has attained age 60, MGE will pay or cause to be paid to the Employee, with respect to the earlier to occur of such events, the Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee in the form of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity. 

(b) Amount . The Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee shall be a monthly amount equal to: 

(1) 50 percent of Average Earnings, minus 

(2) the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable described in Section 1(j), 

(c) Commencement . The Income Continuation Amount for a terminated Employee shall be paid beginning on the first business day of the month coinciding with or next following the Employee's Separation of Service as a result of Disability. 

5. Optional Forms . Instead of a Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity, the retired or terminated Employee may irrevocably elect prior to commencement of her Income Continuation Amount to receive her Income Continuation Amount in one of the following optional forms, which will be actuarially equivalent to the Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity: 

(a) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 50 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120; or 

(b) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 75 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime 

5 

beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120; or 

(c) a reduced Ten-Year Certain and Life Annuity with 100 percent of the amount thereof payable to the surviving beneficiary for the beneficiary's lifetime beginning after the total of the payments to the Employee and the beneficiary equals 120. 

For purposes of this Section 5, actuarial equivalence is determined using the same actuarial assumptions used to determine actuarially equivalent options in the Retirement Plan. 
 6. Standard Death Benefit . If the Employee dies while actively employed by MGE, MGE shall pay to the Employee's spouse or designated beneficiary, as set forth below, monthly for 120 months, in an amount determined as follows: 

With respect to an Employee who dies while actively employed by MGE, MGE shall pay to the Employee s spouse or, if the Employee is not married on the Employee s date of death, the Employee s designated beneficiary, 100 percent of the Income Continuation Amount calculated under Section 3 of this Agreement as if: 
 (1) in the case of an Employee who dies before her 60th birthday, the Employee had attained age 60 and incurred a Separation from Service on the first day of the month following the date of her death (for the purpose of determining the Income Continuation Amount, including the Qualified Plan Benefit Payable); 

(2) in the case of an Employee who dies on or after her 60th birthday, the Employee incurred a Separation from Service on the first day of the month following her date of death; and 

(3) the Employee's Average Earnings are her Average Earnings on the date of her death. 

Such monthly amounts shall commence on the first business day of the month following the date on which such spouse or designated beneficiary notifies MGE in writing of the 
 	 6 

death of the Employee. MGE may require such proof of the Employee's death as it deems advisable. 
 7. Additional Death Benefit for Married Employees . In the event that the Employee s surviving spouse has received all 120 monthly payments to which such spouse is entitled under Section 6, such spouse shall be entitled to an additional benefit payable as a monthly annuity equal to 50 percent of the amount calculated under Section 6. Such monthly annuity shall commence on the first day of the month following the date on which such spouse receives his last payment pursuant to Section 6 and shall continue for the lifetime of such spouse. 

8. Designation of Beneficiaries . Upon signature of this Agreement, the Employee shall designate one person as her primary beneficiary. Such primary beneficiary shall, as applicable, be considered (1) the beneficiary for purposes of the lifetime survivor payments under the optional forms of benefit described in Section 5 and (2) the beneficiary who shall receive any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of this Agreement (including the death benefit described in Section 6). The Employee may also designate one or more persons as her secondary beneficiary(ies). Such secondary beneficiary(ies) shall, upon the death of both the Employee and the primary beneficiary, receive any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of this Agreement (including the death benefit described in Section 6). The word beneficiary as used in this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 8. 

The Employee may change the designation of beneficiaries at any time upon written notice to MGE. If no beneficiary survives the Employee, then the remaining 
 	 7 

payments shall be made to the estate of the Employee. If the last beneficiary named dies after the Employee, but before the total number of payments to the Employee and her beneficiaries equals 120, then the remaining payments shall be made to the estate of the beneficiary last to die. 
 9. Employee Violations . In the event that the Employee is convicted of a felony or judicially determined to have committed willful malfeasance, MGE can cause the payments hereunder to be forfeited. 

10. Change in Control . If the Employee incurs a Separation from Service under circumstances that entitle the Employee to payment of severance benefits under the Severance Agreement, by and between the Employee and MGE, effective August 1, 2015 (and as amended from time to time), or any Severance Agreement by and between the Employee and MGE which replaces such Severance Agreement (Severance Agreement), then the following provisions shall be applicable: 

(a)	 Retirement Eligibility . For all purposes of this Agreement, the Employee shall be deemed to have attained age 60, and eligible for a benefit as determined under Section 3. 
 
 (b)	 Definition of Cause . Section 9 shall be applicable only if the Employee shall be terminated on account of Cause as defined in the Severance Agreement. 
 
 (c)	 No Further Amendment . Section 12 shall be inapplicable, and no further amendment of this Agreement shall be made or effective. 

11. Unsecured Promise . The Employee, the Employee's spouse and designated beneficiary(ies) shall rely solely on the unsecured promise of MGE for benefits hereunder, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give any party 

8 

any right, title, interest or claim in or to any specific asset, fund, reserve, account or property of any kind whatsoever, owned by MGE or in which it may have any right, title or interest now or in the future; but the Employee, the Employee's spouse and designated beneficiary(ies) shall have the right to enforce a claim against MGE in the same manner as any unsecured creditor. 

12. Amendment . MGE may at any time amend this Agreement in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment shall be effective to decrease any benefits hereunder, without regard to whether such benefits have accrued as of the date of such amendment. Nothing in this Section 12 shall be interpreted as limiting MGE's rights under Section 9. 

13. Anti-Alienation Provisions . Neither the Employee, the Employee's spouse, nor the Employee's designated beneficiary(ies), entitled to payments hereunder, shall have any power to transfer, assign, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber in advance, any of such payments, nor shall such payments be subject to any gift, devise or bequest or to seizure for the payment of public or private debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance, or be transferable by operation of law in event of bankruptcy, insolvency or otherwise. 

14. Successors to Parties . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and upon the parties' successors. 

15. No Contract of Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as a contract of employment or as giving the Employee any right to be retained in the employ or as an Officer of MGE. 

9 

16. Applicable Law . The laws of the State of Wisconsin shall govern this 

Agreement. 
 
 17. Claims Procedure . The Employee shall make any requests for benefits under this Agreement in accordance with the claims procedures set forth in the Retirement Plan. 

18. Compliance With Section 409A of Code . This Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and shall be interpreted and construed accordingly. MGE shall have the discretion and authority to amend this Agreement at any time to satisfy any requirements of Section 409A of the Code or guidance provided by the U.S. Treasury Department to the extent applicable to this Agreement. By accepting this Agreement, the Employee agrees that no provision of this Agreement or any communications related to this Agreement shall be interpreted as guaranteeing the tax consequences or treatment of any amounts payable to the Employee under this Agreement. 

19. Tax Withholding. Employee shall be required to pay to MGE the amount of any taxes that MGE is legally required to withhold with respect to any payment under this Agreement. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any amounts otherwise payable under the Agreement any federal, state, local, or other applicable taxes required to be withheld, or any other legally-required withholdings. The Company shall not have any liability to the Employee related to withholding. 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MGE has caused this Income Continuation Agreement 
 to be executed by a duly authorized officer of MGE and Employee has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: ___________________________ 

EMPLOYEE 

By: ___________________________ 

11 

BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of an Income Continuation Agreement between myself and Madison Gas and Electric Company, I hereby designate the following as beneficiary(ies) to receive any payments which may be due under such Agreement after my death. 
 PRIMARY BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 
 (Only one may be named) 
 
 To receive, as applicable, the lifetime survivor benefit under Section 5 and to receive any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of my benefit upon my death: 
 
 (Name) ___________________________ (Relationship) _______________________ 
 
 SECONDARY BENEFICIARY(IES) 
 (More than one may be named) 
 
 To receive, in equal shares, any payments remaining under the ten-year certain feature of my benefit upon the later of my death and the death of my primary beneficiary: 
 
 (Name) ___________________________ (Relationship) _______________________ 

(Name) ___________________________ (Relationship) _______________________ 

(Name) ___________________________ (Relationship) _______________________ 

This designation hereby revokes any prior designation which may have been in effect. 

Employee ___________________________ Date_______________________ 
 
 MADISON GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY 

By: ___________________________ 
 	 12 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 9
 mgee-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of MGE Energy, Inc. 

As of December 31, 2022, the company held the following subsidiaries (all of which are formed or organized as Wisconsin entities): 
 
 	Madison Gas and Electric Company a regulated utility that generates and distributes electricity to approximately 161,000 customers in Dane County, Wisconsin, and purchases and distributes natural gas to approximately 173,000 customers in seven Wisconsin counties. 
 
 	MGE Power LLC owns MGE Power West Campus, LLC and MGE Power Elm Road, LLC. 
 
 	MGE Power West Campus, LLC owns a controlling interest in the electric generating assets related to the West Campus Cogeneration Facility. MGE Power West Campus has leased its share of these assets to Madison Gas and Electric Company through a long-term lease agreement. 
 
 	MGE Power Elm Road, LLC owns an 8.33 undivided ownership interest in two coal-fired generating units in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. MGE Power Elm Road has leased its share of the generating units to Madison Gas and Electric Company through separate long-term lease agreements. 
 
 	MGE Transco Investment LLC owns a minority equity interest in American Transmission Company LLC, which owns and operates electric transmission facilities in Wisconsin. 
 
 	MGEE Transco LLC owns a minority equity interest in ATC Holdco LLC, which will facilitate electric transmission development and investments outside of Wisconsin. 
 
 	Central Wisconsin Development Corporation assists new and expanding businesses throughout central Wisconsin by participating in planning, financing, property acquisition, joint ventures and associated activities. 
 
 	MAGAEL, LLC holds title to property for future utility plant expansion and nonutility property. 
 
 	MGE Services, LLC provides construction and other services. 
 
 	North Mendota Energy Technology Park, LLC owns and serves as the development entity for property. 
 
 	MGE State Energy Services, LLC holds a 50 interest in State Energy Services, LLC, in which a subsidiary of Wisconsin Energy Corporation holds the remaining 50 interest. State Energy Services, LLC was formed for the purpose of bidding on certain energy production assets and facilities currently owned by the State of Wisconsin, should the State decide to sell those facilities. 
 1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 10
 mgee-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-238196) and Form S-8 (No. 333-251518) of MGE Energy, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, IL 
 February 22, 2023 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 11
 mgee-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-238196) and Form S-8 (No. 333-268848) of Madison Gas and Electric Company of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, IL 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 12
 mgee-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Jeffrey M. Keebler, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MGE Energy, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 13
 mgee-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Jared J. Bushek, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MGE Energy, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 

Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 14
 mgee-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Jeffrey M. Keebler, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Madison Gas and Electric Company; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 15
 mgee-ex31_4.htm
 EX-31.4

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.4 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Jared J. Bushek, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Madison Gas and Electric Company; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 

Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 16
 mgee-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of MGE Energy, Inc. (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Keebler, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 17
 mgee-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of MGE Energy, Inc. (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), I, Jared J. Bushek, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 

Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 18
 mgee-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.3 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), I, Jeffrey M. Keebler, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Keebler 

Jeffrey M. Keebler Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 19
 mgee-ex32_4.htm
 EX-32.4

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.4 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Madison Gas and Electric Company (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), I, Jared J. Bushek, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jared J. Bushek 

Jared J. Bushek Vice President - Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer Date: February 22, 2023 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 mgee-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 mgee-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 mgee-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 mgee-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 27
 mgee-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

