<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1831979_0001213900-23-024925.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5018183</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>509183</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>905141</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1460426</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1031717</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>962430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024925.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330215243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Partner Acquisition Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831979
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39875
		FILM NUMBER:		23782868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 585-8975

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024925.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_globalpart2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, .0001 par value, and one-sixth of one redeemable warrant GPACU The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants GPACW The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

The aggregate
market value of the units outstanding, other than units held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference
to the closing price of the units on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was . 

As of March 30, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares,
 0.0001 par value, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 55 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 55 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 55 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 55 

PART
 II 
 56 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 56 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 56 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedure 
 62 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 63 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 63 

PART
 III 
 64 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 64 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 71 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 

PART
 IV 
 77 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 77 

i 

Unless otherwise
stated in this annual report on Form 10-K, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and article
 of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; 

Articles Extension Date are to April
 14, 2023, as a result of the Extension General Meeting held on January 11, 2023; 

board of directors or board 
 are to the board of directors of the Company; 

Class A ordinary shares are to the
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares are to the
 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Law are to the Companies
 Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Continental are to Continental Stock
 Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined
 below); 

combined team are to our management
 and sponsor team, collectively; 

detachable redeemable warrants are
 to the redeemable warrants included as part of the units, with one-sixth of one detachable redeemable warrant included in each unit; 

directors are to our current directors; 

distributable redeemable warrants 
 are to the redeemable warrants which our public shareholders have the contingent right to receive, in certain circumstances described
 in this report, following the initial business combination redemption time, with one-sixth of one detachable redeemable warrant receivable
 per each public share not redeemed in connection with our initial business combination; 

distribution time are to the time
 at which the distributable redeemable warrants will be distributed, which will occur immediately after the initial business combination
 redemption time and immediately prior to the closing of our initial business combination; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry
 Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to our Class B
 ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon
 the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option
 of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ). Founder
 shares are subject to vesting and transfer restrictions; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America; 

GPAC is to Global Partner Acquisition
 Corp. II; 

IFRS are to the International Financial
 Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial business combination are to
 a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
 businesses; 

initial business combination redemption time 
 are to the time of exercise of our public shareholders rights to redeem public shares in connection with our initial business
 combination; 

our IPO or initial public offering 
 are to our initial public offering, which we completed on January 14, 2021; 

Investment Company Act are to the
 Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our
 Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management
 team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ii 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A
 ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement warrants are to
 the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement, or issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A
 ordinary shares sold as part of our units; 

public shareholders are to the holders
 of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor or members of our management team purchase
 public shares, provided that our sponsor and each member of our management team will be a public shareholder only with
 respect to such public shares; 

redeemable warrants are to our detachable
 redeemable warrants and our distributable redeemable warrants; 

Registration Statement are to the
 Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC December 21, 2020 (File No. 333-251558), as amended; 

Report are to this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and
 Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPAC are to one or more special purpose
 acquisition companies, including, when required by the context, the Company; 

Sponsor or initial shareholder 
 are to Global Partner Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the managers of which are Chandra R. Patel, Richard C.
 Davis and Jarett Goldman.; 

sponsor team are to certain members
 of our sponsor who will be acting as our advisors; 

Trust Account are to the trust account
 in which the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below) in the initial public offering and private placement warrants
 was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

Termination Date are to the date by
 which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

units are to the units sold in our
 initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-sixth of one public warrant; and 

we, us, our, 
 the Company or our Company are to Global Partner Acquisition Corp II, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

Working Capital Loans as of December
 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the Note, was 785,000, and only a total of 2.0 million of such amount is convertible
 into warrants. 

iii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the
statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business
 or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective
 target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes
 required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to
 other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing
 to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their
 shares for cash prior to our initial business combination; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination
 due to the uncertainty resulting from any future pandemic or another surge of COVID-19; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate
 a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and
 trading; 

the use of proceeds from our IPO not held in the trust
 account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third
 parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking
statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in November 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting an initial
business combination. 

We intend
to focus our efforts on seeking and completing an initial business combination with a company that has an enterprise value of between
 500 million and 3.0 billion, although a target entity with a smaller or larger enterprise value may be considered. While we may pursue
an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our combined team to identify,
acquire and add value to a business following the initial business combination. The industry sectors that we have targeted and intend
to continue to target, many of which are undergoing technology-driven transformation, include the space and wireless technologies industries,
specifically sectors that are in support of data infrastructure, data analytics and big data, as well as certain service sectors and
the technology underlying and driving changes across these sectors and related industries. We believe that the characteristics and capabilities
of our combined team make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful business
combination and bring value to the business post-business combination. 

The Company
brings together two elements that we believe create a competitive advantage which differentiates us from other acquisition vehicles in
the market, and significantly improve our chances of completing a successful business combination. 

1. Proven
 executive team, led by our Chairman and CEO Chandra R. Patel; 

2. Our
 less dilutive and more aligned APEX SPAC structure. 

We believe
the combined team possesses an ideal mix of core characteristics for a special purpose acquisition corporation. This combined team includes
what we view to be successful dealmakers or operators, with experience across multiple deal types, including complicated special situations
and as senior operators across a variety of businesses and industries. This combined team has demonstrable experience and valuable contracts
across a wide range of industries and business lines, which we believe will allow us to source deals that other investors could not.
The combined team also has what we believe is a longstanding track record of value creation, both as investors and for investors, across
the gamut of private equity or direct public and private company investing. Our network and current affiliations across the team will
allow us to lean heavily on an existing infrastructure of resources that will assist in due diligence, underwriting and ultimately structuring
an acquisition. 

With respect
to the foregoing examples, past performance by our management team or sponsor team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect
to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination. Furthermore, in considering any past performance information contained herein, you should bear in mind that actual returns
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the investments and market conditions at the time of disposition,
any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the assumptions on which the overall performance
of any prior investments are based. 

On January
13, 2023, the Company, entered into an Investment Agreement (the Investment Agreement with the Sponsor, and Endurance
Global Partner II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Investor will contribute
to the Sponsor an aggregate amount in cash equal up to 3,000,000 (the Investment Contribution ), which amount will be loaned
to the Company in accordance with the Promissory Note (as defined below) (the Investment Loan ), in consideration for which,
the Sponsor shall issue to the Investor interests in certain equity securities of the Company. In connection with the closing of the
transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement, the Sponsor has transferred control of the Sponsor to affiliates of Antarctica
Capital Partners, LLC, and new officers were appointed to the Company. 

Our Management
Team 

We have assembled
a number of seasoned executives and advisors to serve as our executive officers and directors, alongside Mr. Patel. Because we are likely
to be actively involved in the strategy and operations of our target companies (although there can be no assurances that we will be),
our officers have been chosen for their extensive sector and executive experience in managing successful companies. In addition to providing
us with strategic insights, which include in-depth knowledge of industry dynamics, competition and operational capabilities, our officers
and independent directors will provide access to their broad networks of operating executives and other resources. For more information
about our executive officers and directors, please see Part III, Item 10 of this report, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

1 

Business
Strategy 

Our strategy
is to build on three key pillars: an experienced management team led by Mr. Patel; our value-added partners in our sponsor; and a next
generation, more efficient and aligned APEX SPAC structure. 

Our sponsor
team s expertise in the space and wireless technologies industries, which are undergoing technology-driven transformation, positions
us well to source, execute and add value to companies in these sectors. 

We believe
the combined team possesses the core characteristics of an ideal team for a special purpose acquisition corporation. This combined team
is a mix of what we view to be successful dealmakers or operators, with experience across multiple deal types, including complicated
special situations and as senior operators across a variety of businesses and industries. This combined team has built a meaningful proprietary
deal-sourcing network that should allow us to source deals that other investors could not. Through these endeavors, this combined team
has what we believe is a long standing track record of value creation, both as investors and for investors, across the gamut of public
and private company investing. Our network and current affiliations across the team will allow us to lean heavily on an existing infrastructure
of resources that will assist in due diligence, underwriting and ultimately structuring an acquisition. We also intend to leverage our
network of third party advisors as needed. 

Source :
Our sourcing and acquisition selection process will leverage our sponsor group s deep, broad and trusted network of industry, private
equity sponsor, and banking relationships, as well as their relationships with family-led and founder-led private companies. Our supportive
value-added approach, and ability to work with strategic partners within our network should make us an attractive merger partner to many
potential merger targets. 

Execute :
We have extensive deal execution experience and capabilities. Our CEO, Mr. Patel, has extensive experience as the managing partner of
Antarctica Capital, an international private equity firm headquartered in New York. Mr. Patel is responsible for Antarctica Capital s
strategic direction and core relationships and leads the firm s key expansion initiatives. Mr. Chandra s execution experience
is complemented by President of the Board, Richard C. Davis, and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Jarett Goldman, among others.
Mr. Davis is a highly experienced executive with over 25 years of experience in corporate finance, private equity and the space industry.
Mr. Goldman is an experienced investment professional with 15+ years of global experience in corporate finance, principal investing,
and capital markets. Collectively, our leadership team will draw upon several decades of execution experience across a broad range of
industries and markets. 

Operate
and Grow : The experience and capabilities of our combined team should allow us to drive growth in shareholder value following the
business combination. The prior experience of the members of our combined team includes working with companies and increasing value for
all stakeholders at the senior management level, as consultants, as board members and as constructive minority stake shareholders. Additionally,
we intend to seek ways to work with corporate partners to drive growth in the target company post-business combination. 

With respect
to the foregoing examples, past performance by our management team or sponsor team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect
to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination. Furthermore, in considering any past performance information contained herein, you should bear in mind that actual returns
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the investments and market conditions at the time of disposition,
any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the assumptions on which the overall performance
of any prior investments are based. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

We target
business combination opportunities that align with our strategic insights, focus, capabilities and network. Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target
businesses. While we will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, we may decide to enter into our
initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

We seek to
acquire companies exhibiting one or more of the characteristics below: 

Value-Added Capital for Growth and/or Consolidation
 Opportunities: Our combined team has significant and successful experience in investing in and working with
 companies that are achieving rapid and profitable growth through (a) organic growth initiatives; and/or (b) strategic consolidation
 opportunities. We will target companies whose owners may not have the requisite capital or experience to take advantage of compelling
 corporate development opportunities. Our combined team also has experience expanding companies markets and operations outside
 of the United States, and we believe our cross-border capabilities could be attractive to many potential middle market business combination
 targets. 

2 

Operational Improvements: Our combined team has significant
 and successful experience in investing in and working with companies where there is an opportunity to effect meaningful operational
 improvements. Members of our management team and sponsor team have worked with those types of companies as investors, board members,
 consultants and senior management. We intend to tailor our approach to working with the target company s management team and
 owners to fit the unique challenges and opportunities they face. Our combined team has the versatility and flexibility to allow us
 to provide strategic guidance as board members and consultants or members take on direct senior leadership roles to drive operational
 improvements at the target company. 

Partnership Sale: We may seek to acquire
 one or more companies with a current owner, whether founder-owned or family-owned or institutionally owned (private equity or venture
 capital), who would like to retain a meaningful stake in the company to preserve and enhance potential upside. As a provider of public
 vehicle, we are well positioned to provide liquidity and a long-term capital solution, and expect that potential merger targets and
 partners would view having our combined team as significant, supportive shareholders with a successful SPAC track record as a positive
 factor. We also could be an attractive financial and operating partner for a private equity firm that sees compelling acquisition
 opportunities but may be already fully invested. 

Technology-Driven Change and Opportunity: Many companies
 in our targeted industry sectors have significant challenges and opportunities resulting from rapid technology-driven change. Our
 combined team has deep experience in working with companies to mitigate the risks and optimize the opportunities from technology-driven
 change. We believe these capabilities make us an attractive merger partner. 

A SPAC Business Combination as an Advantageous Liquidity
 Alternative: At times, the IPO market is uncertain or closed, so an acquisition by us could be a better means
 of going public for a target. Further, a target company s owners and/or management might not have experience going public or
 as a public company and could view our management team and sponsor experience with a successful SPAC track record as an important
 value-added factor. Additionally, certain businesses may not be an ideal candidate for a mergers and acquisitions auction process,
 so a negotiated acquisition by us could offer a better means of providing liquidity for the target business s current owners. 

These criteria
are not intended to be exhaustive. We may or may not consummate our business combination with a company that exhibits all or any of the
qualities above. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsors and management team may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we would file with the SEC. Although we are focused on identifying business combination candidates in sectors including space and
wireless technologies, as well as certain service sectors and the technology underlying and driving changes across these sectors and
related industries described above, we will consider a business combination candidate outside of these industries if we determine that
such candidate offers an attractive opportunity for our Company. 

We are not
prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with members of our management team or their
affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our management team
or their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point
of view. 

On
January 11, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class
A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 265,050,166. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance
in our trust account was approximately 40,425,891.61. 

3 

Initial
Business Combination 

So long as
our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together
have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. If our securities are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will
not be obligated to satisfy the 80 of fair market value test. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market
value of our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors,
based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow
and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion
to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment.
Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the
target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents we use in connection with any proposed initial business
combination will provide public shareholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the
basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to determine the fair market value of the target business independently, we will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will be unable to make an independent determination of the fair market
value of a target business, it may be unable to do so if: (1) our board is less familiar or inexperienced with the target company s
business, (2) there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including
if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or (3) if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial
analysis or other specialized skills, and our board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such
analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of fair
market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration
to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under
applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will
include such opinion. 

We anticipate
structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in
order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-business combination
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in
the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair
market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based
on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding
an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever
reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of fair market value test. 

To the extent
we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk
factors. 

The time
required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination 

4 

Acquisition
Process 

In evaluating
a potential target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic
value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, multiple meetings
with management (which may be virtual or in person), consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers,
as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. 

We are not
prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting
firm that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

Members of
our management team, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as management team, may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and management team members was included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination. 

Each of our
directors and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our Company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. 

Our sponsor,
officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we
are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other
blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. 

Our distributable
redeemable warrants provide our public shareholders with an incentive not to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with
our initial business combination. Public shareholders who choose to redeem their shares will lose the right to receive distributable
redeemable warrants. Public shareholders who choose not to redeem their shares will receive one-sixth of a distributable redeemable warrant
per public share they hold (up to a total of 5,000,000 distributable redeemable warrants assuming that no public shareholders redeem
their Class A ordinary shares). We believe this structure may lead to a lower level of redemptions. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We believe
our structure make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business
combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other
equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of
our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target
businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public
offering. The typical initial public offering process often takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination
transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and
commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

5 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would
then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests
and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we
believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target
businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an
 emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are
eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 14, 2026 (b) in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial
Position 

With funds
available for a business combination initially in the amount of approximately 289,500,000 after payment of 10,500,000 of deferred underwriting
commissions, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for
the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. On January 11, 2023,
we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by
which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class A ordinary shares of
the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 265,050,166. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately
 40,425,891.61. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be
paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there
can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not
presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our equity, debt or a combination
of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

6 

If our initial
business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of
the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may
apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

There is
no current basis for investors in us to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete
our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we
may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. 

Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely affect a target business. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Target business
candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups,
investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention
by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target
businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this report and
know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention
target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions
they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities
that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. Although
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions
on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers, or their
respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, we may pay any of our existing directors who are not also officers, or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying, investigating and completing our initial business combination,
to the extent such payment is in compliance with all laws and is consistent with independent director requirements. Such payment may
be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation of an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors
may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination.
The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

We are not
prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our
officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to
present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

7 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating
a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities (subject
to any applicable COVID restrictions) and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also
utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target,
we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time
required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will
not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business
combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite
period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities
in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of
being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
 developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single
 product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot
assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

8 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct
redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s
listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in
 excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security
 holder (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively having a 10 or greater interest),
 directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary
 shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares
 will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is
not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety
of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event
 we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval
 or doing so would place the Company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the Company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve
 the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the Company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business
 combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted
Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 

If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares
or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
non-public information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors
and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination
or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases
when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event
that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination,
such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our
initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to
the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act;
however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
be required to comply with such rules. 

9 

The purpose
of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition,
if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number
of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy
materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have
expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination,
whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares
have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares
and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with
Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section
9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of
our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately
 304,675,631.15. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business
combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder
has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team
have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the
Termination Date, as approved by our shareholders as an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(an Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

10 

Distribution
of Distributable Redeemable Warrants to Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares Not Electing Redemption 

At the distribution
time, we will effect a distribution of a number of warrants up to the Aggregate Warrant Amount, as follows: (i) to the extent that no
public shareholders redeem their public shares in connection with our initial business combination, each public shareholder will receive
one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant per public share held and (ii) to the extent that any public shareholders redeem any
of their public shares in connection with our initial business combination, then (A) one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant
will be distributed to the holder of each non-redeemed (or remaining public share and (B) no distributable redeemable
warrants will be distributed in respect of any public shares that were redeemed. 

Public shareholders
who exercise their redemption rights are not entitled to receive any distribution of distributable redeemable warrants in respect of
such redeemed public shares. If any such redemptions occur, the distributable redeemable warrants attached to the redeemed public shares
will not be redistributed. The contingent right to receive distributable redeemable warrants will remain attached to our Class A ordinary
shares, will not be separately transferrable, assignable or salable and will not be evidenced by any certificate or instrument. 

Our distributable
redeemable warrants are otherwise identical to our detachable redeemable warrants, including with respect to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. No fractional distributable redeemable warrants will be issued, no cash will be paid in lieu of fractional distributable
redeemable warrants and only whole warrants will trade. The distributable redeemable warrants will be fungible with our detachable redeemable
warrants and will become tradable upon their distribution under the same stock symbol as the detachable redeemable warrants. 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (so
that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may
require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed
business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that
are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares,
and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a
tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement
or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval
under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our
Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend
to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons.
So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

11 

If we held
a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy
 solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event
that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith,
provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of our initial business combination. 

If we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to
vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote
founder shares and public shares of theirs, if any, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial
purchaser s founder shares, we would need none of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of
our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination, and (ii)
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
the date by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (the Termination Date ), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our
Class A ordinary shares. 

If we conduct
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
 Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
 our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of
 proxies. 

Upon the
public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and
our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market,
in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event
we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance
with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration
of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number
of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw
the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

12 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than 4,500,000 Class
A ordinary shares, or an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our
prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force
us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in our IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to
block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

Tendering
Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will
be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery
of their public shares. 

There is
a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing
is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business
combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination,
and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to
arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option
window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s
shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were
aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

13 

Any request
to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal
to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such
rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial
business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly
return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial
proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until
the Termination Date. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only until the Termination Date, to consummate an initial
business combination, until the end of the Extension Period approved by our shareholders in the form of an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date from
the closing of our IPO, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless and no distributable
redeemable warrants will have been issued if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our sponsor
and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination by the Termination Date from the closing of our IPO, which includes the Extension Period (although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame). 

Our sponsor,
executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation
of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this
optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible
asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption
right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director
or any other person. 

14 

We expect
that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded
from amounts remaining out of the proceeds from our IPO held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account
available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were
to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot
assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver
or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. UBS Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets,
LLC will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the
trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered
or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we
have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if
less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn
to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our
officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In the event
that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations,
and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, due to the potential claims of creditors, we cannot assure you that the actual
value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

15 

We will seek
to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. We had access to approximately 101,000 as of December 31, 2022 with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and
expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that
we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received
funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. However, any such liability would not be greater than the
amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file
a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to
our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result,
a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
and our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public
shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash
upon the completion of our initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with
a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the
subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination by
the Termination Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any
right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying,
evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds,
public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. In particular, since our incorporation a great number of blank
check companies have been formed, have completed their initial public offerings and have begun searching for acquisition targets, and
many or most of these blank check companies are potential competitors of ours in regard to prospective acquisition targets. Many of these
entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger
target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the
acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their
redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

16 

Employees 

We currently
have four executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We are also being provided the services of one or more investment professionals,
pursuant to the Services Agreement (as defined below). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered
our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide
shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to,
GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules
and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business
identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined
above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined
above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may
limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required
to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Unless
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not
be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have filed
a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As
a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form
15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We are a
Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands
and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and
received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act
(2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman
Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part
of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or
other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

17 

We are an
 emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are
eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 14, 2026, (b) in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the aggregate worldwide market value of
our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the aggregate worldwide market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Item 1A.
Risk Factors 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An investment
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section
entitled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We were incorporated in November 2020 and we have no
 operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team or their respective
 affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity
 to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a
 majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
 regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public
 shareholders vote. 

18 

The ability of our public
 shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
 redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business
 combination by the Termination Date may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and
 may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
 our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce
 value for our shareholders. 

Our search for a business
 combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
 by the ongoing effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The default or failure of one or more of the U.S. and
 multi-national financial institutions that we rely on for banking services may adversely affect our business and financial condition.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination, our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public
 shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our
 Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer
 to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
 shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds
 from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
 sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its
 exchange, which could limit investors ability to enter into transactions in our securities and subject us and them to additional
 trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
 to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
 competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
 If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
 only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our detachable redeemable
 warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will be issued. 

If the net proceeds of our IPO and the concurrent sale
 of private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the Termination Date,
 it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial
 business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our
 search and complete our initial business combination. 

Recent increases in inflation in the United States
 and elsewhere may be leading to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other
 national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business
 combination. 

Conflict in Ukraine may lead to increased price volatility
 for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which
 could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination partner and consummate a business combination on acceptable
 commercial terms or at all. 

19 

RISK
FACTORS 

An investment
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other
information contained in this report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our
business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities
could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate a Business Combination and 
Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our shareholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business
combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose
not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where
the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to
complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether
we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial
business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination
we complete. 

If we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our sponsor
owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of our initial public offering.
On January 11, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class
A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Accordingly, our initial shareholders currently
own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 65.6 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team
also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares
represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. As a result, in addition to our initial
purchaser s founder shares, we would need none of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination
will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

Your only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right
to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time
of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses.
Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have
the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. 

20 

The ability
of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek
to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able
to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or
upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The ability
of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the
most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time
we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the
deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with
an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect
our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability
of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial
business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate
or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement
that we consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, after the closing of our IPO may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential
business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our
initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential
target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial
business combination by the Termination Date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described
above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that
we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

21 

Our working
capital position and the requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, after the closing of
our IPO give rise to substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

At December
31, 2022, we had approximately 101,000 in cash and approximately 3,767,000 in negative working capital. We have incurred and we expect
to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of a business combination. Further, we have until the Termination Date to consummate
a business combination, and it is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by that date. If a business combination
is not consummated by that date, we will commence a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date of our financial statements
included in this report. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As the
number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be
more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our
inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent
years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition,
because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets,
the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies
to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector
downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets
post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate
an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to
our investors altogether. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00
per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, our detachable redeemable warrants will expire
worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been distributed. 

We may
engage one or more of the underwriters of our IPO or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the
IPO, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection
with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released
from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. This may cause them to have potential conflicts of
interest in rendering any additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial
business combination. 

We may engage
one or more of our IPO underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO, including,
for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering
or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriters or affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that
would be determined at that time in an arm s-length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting
commissions conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters , or their respective affiliates ,
financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in
their provision of any additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation
of an initial business combination. 

22 

Our search
for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the ongoing effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In December 2019,
a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world, including the
United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)
a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary
Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19,
and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. Despite the slowdown
of COVID-19 related restrictions, the long-term economic fallout of COVID-19 is difficult to predict, and it is expected to continue
to have ongoing material adverse effects across many, if not all, aspects of the regional, national and global economy. The resurgence
of the COVID-19 outbreak and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could
adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate
a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if
continued concerns relating to COVID-19 reintroduces restrict travel, limits the ability to have meetings with potential investors or
the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely
manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. 

In addition,
our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by future
COVID-19 outbreaks and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We depend
on a variety of U.S. and multi-national financial institutions to provide us with banking services. The default or failure of one or
more of the financial institutions that we rely on may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We maintain
the majority of our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with major U.S. and multi-national financial institutions, and our deposits
at certain of these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. In the event
of the failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we
would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could
adversely affect our liquidity, business and financial condition. 

We may
not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, in which case we would cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive
only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless,
and our distributable redeemable warrants will never have been distributed. 

We may not
be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date after the closing of
our IPO, until the end of the Extended Extension Period, that may be proposed to and approved by our shareholders in the form of an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively
impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not
consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will
follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, our detachable redeemable warrants
will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been distributed. 

23 

If we
have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such
36 months before redemption from our trust account. 

If we have
not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, extended from 24 months due to the Extension Period, the proceeds
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption
of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically
by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required
to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond 36 months from the closing of our IPO before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become
available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation
to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business
combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where
investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be
entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we
wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with
respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject
to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

If we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares
or detachable redeemable warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to
or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no
current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

In the event
that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number
of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with
our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A
ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make
it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such
reporting requirements. 

24 

If a shareholder
fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply
with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply
with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder
fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will
not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public
shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares,
and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business by the Termination Date from the closing
of our IPO, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the
trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial
business combination by the Termination Date from the closing of our IPO, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed.
In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants
will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares
(and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval
of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the Company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier
for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial
business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other
blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which
relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders.
In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of warrants into the
trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of
funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor
and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 65.6 of our Class A ordinary
shares upon the closing of our IPO (assuming they do not purchase any units in our IPO), will participate in any vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our
pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a
business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. 

25 

Our sponsor,
executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties
to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor,
executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need
to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may
amend the terms of the contingent rights in a way that may be adverse to holders with the consent or vote of the holders of not less
than two-thirds of the then outstanding contingent rights, as evidenced by their ownership of the ordinary shares. 

Our contingent
rights have been issued under a contingent rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent,
and us. The contingent rights agreement provides that the terms of the contingent rights may be amended without the consent of any holder
for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding
or changing any other provision with respect to matters or questions arising under the contingent rights agreement as the parties may
deem necessary or desirable. The contingent rights agreement requires the consent or vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds
of the then outstanding contingent rights, as evidenced by their ownership of the ordinary shares, in order to make any change that will
adversely affect the interests of the holders of the contingent rights. As a result, a change that is approved by two-third of the holders
of the contingent rights, as evidenced by their ownership of the ordinary shares, could adversely affect your contingent rights, without
your approval. 

We may
be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable
warrants will have been issued. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination,
we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition
financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our detachable
redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. In addition, even if we do
not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

26 

You will
not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the
net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants and have filed a current report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating
this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately
tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, if our IPO had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in
the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial
business combination. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, our
detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

We expect
to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which
may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability
to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account,
our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

If the
net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow
us to operate by the Termination Date, following the closing of our IPO, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a
target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor,
its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net
proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, over 1,350,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust
account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon the closing of our IPO, the funds available to us outside of
the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be
sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until the Termination Date; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate,
and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our
search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive
exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise),
we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

27 

If we are
required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or
other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates
is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or
from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Additionally, of the 300,000
that the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company, the Company has drawn down approximately 199,000, including approximately 49,000 of costs
paid directly by the Sponsor, for costs related to costs of the Public Offering. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor,
its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a
waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption
of our public shares, our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been
issued. 

We may
have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination
with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating
the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s
management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should
the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the
operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers
and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination
target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role
of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this
time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the
acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate
will not wish to remain in place. 

A provision
of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most
blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described in the prospectus
for our IPO under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described in the prospectus for our IPO under Description
of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

28 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we
conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material
issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due
diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors,
we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash
items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative
market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants
to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We may
issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect
our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
following our IPO, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed
that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption
from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on
 our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
 even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
 financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued
 interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing
 if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary
 shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay
 principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared,
 expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and
 reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general
 economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts
 for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

29 

We may
only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The proceeds
from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, after deducting underwriting commissions and estimated offering expenses,
will provide us with up to 290,850,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 10,500,000
of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of our IPO). On January 11, 2023, we
held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which
we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class A ordinary shares of the
Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 265,050,166. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately
 40,425,891.61. 

We may effectuate
our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period
of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various
factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements
with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on
a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us
to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from
the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business
combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
 property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance
 of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack
of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may
attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine
to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that
our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face
additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are
multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of
the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact
our profitability and results of operations. 

We may
attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result
in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing
our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public
information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

30 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal
proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests
include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

Our management
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target
business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure
our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all
of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition,
other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of
the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able
to maintain control of the target business. 

We may
seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could
delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek
business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent
we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also
be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from
implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

31 

We do
not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or
upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order
to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order
to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the Company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants. In addition solely
with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to
the private placement warrants, a vote of holders of 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants is required.
In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of our outstanding
public securities, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our placing
of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

32 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, or upon the exercise of a redemption
right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were
not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received
by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this report, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that
such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However,
we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors
may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust
account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event
that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor
asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public
share. 

We may
not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed
to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares).
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust
account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage
shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may
have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if
successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

33 

If, after
we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after
we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. 

If, before
distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before
distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account,
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our shareholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are
forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it
was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in
the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore,
our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby
exposing themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly
and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts
as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment
for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may
not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance
with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general
meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint
directors and to discuss Company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of
directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting)
serving a three-year term. 

34 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to
our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders
of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial
business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly,
you may not have any say in the management of our Company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

We anticipate
that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure
documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys
and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed
transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail
to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result
in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our detachable
redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We may pursue
business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with
nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

35 

We may
seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider
a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we
determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be
less favorable to investors in us than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the
event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this report regarding the areas of our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be
able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult
for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may
receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our detachable redeemable
warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

We are
not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we
complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may
reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and such reincorporation may result in taxes
imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in
connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in
which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or
warrant holders to pay such taxes. 

Shareholders
or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

36 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our ability
to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability
to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success
depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. None of our
officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in
allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the
related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts
of time to their other business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact
on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance
on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The role
of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve
in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management
of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company
which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

We are
dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations
are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life
of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our key
personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel
may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the
closing of our IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three
individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder
rights agreement filed as an exhibit to this report. 

37 

Since
our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On November
11, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our IPO and formation costs in consideration
of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On January 11, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in our sponsor
holding 7,500,000 Class B ordinary shares. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the Company had
no assets, tangible or intangible. The per-share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the
Company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor has purchased 5,566,667 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 8,350,000 in the aggregate). If we do not consummate an
initial business by the Termination Date, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests
of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the Termination Date nears, which is generally the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our executive
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our executive
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged
in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated
to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts
of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers
and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities,
including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. 

Following
the completion of our IPO and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying
and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future
may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

In addition,
our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives
that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other
blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or being offering an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a
corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

38 

Our executive
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We have not
adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal
and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business
and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting
a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular
business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their
fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing
on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may
engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light
of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities,
including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and
directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an
initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and
such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness
to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the
business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Our sponsor
controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon the
closing of our initial public offering, our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares. On January 11, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of
26,068,281 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Accordingly, our sponsor currently
owns, on an as-converted basis, 65.6 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. As a result, it may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately
negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors,
have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this report. Factors that would be considered
in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting
to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will
continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence
of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our
sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. In addition, the founder shares,
all of which are held by our sponsor, will, in a vote to transfer the Company by way of continuation out of the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), entitle the holders to ten votes
for every founder share. This provision of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not
have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly,
our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed
not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

39 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

If we
are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are
deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, 

each of which
may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition,
we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure;
 and 

reporting, record keeping,
 voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order
not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure
that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not
include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We do not
believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the closing of our IPO, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities 
 within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. Pursuant to the trust agreement,
the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses
in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government
securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either:
(i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares;
or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination by the Termination Date, our return of the funds held in the trust
account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above,
we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account,
our detachable redeemable warrants will expire worthless and no distributable redeemable warrants will have been issued. 

40 

If we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would
not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And
as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We have been
approved to have our units listed on Nasdaq and to have our Class A ordinary shares and detachable redeemable warrants listed on or promptly
after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to our IPO we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial
listing standards set forth in Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels, such as a minimum market capitalization
(generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). 

Additionally,
our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price
would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholder s equity would generally be required to be at least
 4.0 million. We may not be able to meet those listing requirements at that time, especially if there are a significant number of redemptions
in connection with our initial business combination. 

If Nasdaq
delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our
 securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are
 a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and
 possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities
 or obtain additional financing in the future. 

41 

The National
Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units are and eventually our Class A ordinary shares
and redeemable warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants will qualify as covered
securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does
allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the
states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers
to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of
securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify
as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

We may
issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share.
There are 496,068,281 and 42,500,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available
for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination
or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

We may issue
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection
with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants 
or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or
on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of existing
 investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance
 of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary
 shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control
 if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating
 loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
 of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our
 units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price
 of our warrants. 

42 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We are not
registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are
redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by
reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon
cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
(subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the
above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we
may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing
the potential upside of the holder s investment in our Company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller
number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash
settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register
or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of
the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of
such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders
who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary
shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement
warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of our public warrants. In such an instance,
our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants
and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants
and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even
if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

The warrants
may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain
situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for
a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant
to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security
underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

43 

If you
elect to exercise your redemption rights with respect to your Class A ordinary shares, you will not receive any distributable redeemable
warrants. 

In connection
with our initial business combination, public shareholders will have the opportunity to exercise their right to redeem their Class A
ordinary shares. However, our distributable redeemable warrants will be distributed only to the holders of record of those Class A ordinary
shares that remain outstanding after such redemptions. Accordingly, to the extent that you elect to redeem your Class A ordinary shares,
you will receive no distributable redeemable warrants in respect of such shares. The contingent right to receive distributable redeemable
warrants will remain attached to our Class A ordinary shares, will not be separately transferable, assignable or salable and will not
be evidenced by any certificate or instrument. 

The
grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of our IPO, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we
register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities
owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Our warrants
are expected to be accounted for as derivative liabilities and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value
each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares or may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We account
for both the warrants underlying the units sold in our IPO, and the private placement warrants, as a warrant liability in accordance
with the guidance contained in Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (ASC 815- 40). Such guidance provides
that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. At
each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability
or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the public and private warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value
of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. Changes in the inputs and assumptions for the valuation
model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material impact on the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative
liability. The price of our ordinary shares represents the primary underlying variable that impacts the value of the derivative instruments.
Additional factors that impact the value of the derivative instruments include the volatility of our ordinary share price, discount rates
and stated interest rates. As a result, our financial statements and results of operations will fluctuate quarterly, based on various
factors, such as the price of our ordinary shares, many of which factors are outside our control. In addition, we may change the underlying
assumptions used in our valuation model, which could in result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. If our ordinary
share price is volatile, we expect that we may recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants or any other similar derivative instruments
each reporting period, and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition
company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination with a target business. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder
shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion
will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding, plus (ii) the total number of
Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of our initial business combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor,
any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B
ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly
structured blank check companies in which our sponsor will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding
prior to our initial business combination. 

44 

We may
amend the terms of the redeemable warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the redeemable
warrants could be converted into cash or Class A ordinary shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period
could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all
without your approval. 

Our redeemable
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the redeemable warrants may be amended without the consent of
any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant
agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus for our IPO, or defective
provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the
warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement
as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights
of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding redeemable
warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of redeemable warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the redeemable warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
redeemable warrants approve of such amendment, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants
or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private
placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the redeemable warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
redeemable warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price
of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or Class A ordinary shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant
agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

Our warrant
agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in
any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the
forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State
of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum
provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our
Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable
or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

45 

We may
redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the
ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per
share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in
the prospectus for our IPO under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution
Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper
notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable
to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price
when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition,
we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that
the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of
shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in the prospectus for our IPO under the heading Description
of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading
days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that
certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of
Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. See
the discussion in the prospectus for our IPO under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders 
Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. The value
received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their
warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject
to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We have issued
detachable redeemable warrants to purchase 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our IPO and 5,566,667
private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
In addition, if our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to
 2,000,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,333,333 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also
issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 

To the extent
we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares
and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make
it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
each unit contains one-sixth of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units
of other blank check companies. 

Each unit
contains one-sixth of one detachable redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional redeemable warrants will be
issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A
ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. In addition, although holders of Class A ordinary shares who elect not to redeem
such shares in connection with our initial business combination will also receive a distribution of redeemable warrants in the form of
distributable redeemable warrants, it may be that the number of distributable redeemable warrants issuable to any such holder, with or
without any fractional detachable redeemable warrants they may hold, will not constitute a whole warrant. This is different from other
offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established
the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the detachable redeemable warrants and the distributable redeemable warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third
of the number of shares, compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe,
a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if
a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

46 

The market
for our securities may not develop sufficiently and remain sufficiently active, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price
of our securities. 

The price
of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
An active trading market for our securities may never develop sufficiently or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a sufficiently active trading market can be sustained. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders
may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of
directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial
business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the
appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could
involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our sponsor
paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per founder share, and, accordingly, holders of our Class A ordinary shares have
experienced immediate and substantial dilution upon their purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The difference
between the market price per share of our Class A ordinary shares (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary
shares and none to the warrants included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our Class A ordinary shares
constitutes dilution to holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, contributing
significantly to this dilution. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary
shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at the time of our initial business combination, and would further increase to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from
the trust. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protections provided in the founder shares to the holders of such shares, any equity
or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class
A ordinary shares. 

The nominal
purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares
upon the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We offered
our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in our trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public
share, implying an initial value of 10.00 per public share. However, prior to the IPO, our sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.003 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly
diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. 

The value
of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon the
closing of our IPO, our sponsor had invested in us an aggregate of 8,375,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the 7,500,000
founder shares and the 8,350,000 purchase price for the 5,566,667 private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per
ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 7,500,000 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value
of 75,000,000. As a result, our sponsor may be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment,
even if our public shares have lost significant value, even though, consistent with the vesting terms to which the founder shares are
subject, our sponsor will not be able to realize more than half the value of its investment unless the trading price of the ordinary
shares rises beyond 10.00 per share following the consummation of our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor, and our
management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic incentive that differs from that of the public shareholders
to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and return the cash in trust to our public shareholders,
even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider
our sponsor s and management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether
to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. 

47 

Additional
Risk Factors 

We were
incorporated in November 2020 and we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

We were incorporated
in November 2020 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and we have no operating history and no revenues. Because we lack an operating
history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination
with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning
a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination,
we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance
by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future
performance of any business we may acquire. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their respective affiliates is presented for informational
purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either
(i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may
consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future
performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend
on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third
parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the
systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information
and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not
be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate
and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have
adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders
of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company
of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company 
 and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent
 directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee
 of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose
 and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee
 of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose
 and responsibilities. 

We do not
intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in
rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded
to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

48 

We are
subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. A failure to comply with any laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. 

We are subject
to rules and regulations by various national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with rules
and regulations of SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly
traded, as well as to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws
and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations could also
result in a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. Those changes could also have a material adverse effect
on our business. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations.
If we fail to address and comply with applicable law and regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our
business may be harmed. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer
and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are
an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain
exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, 
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We are an
 emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any
June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict
whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

49 

Further, Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a
class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the aggregate worldwide market value of
our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the aggregate worldwide market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may
also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months,
the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies
are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and
the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased
cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us
to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as
a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination company s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition,
even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability
from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect
our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity,
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

50 

We may be
a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S.
investors. 

If we are a
PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of
the prospectus for our IPO captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations General of our
Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject
to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for
the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of the prospectus for our IPO captioned Taxation United States Federal Income
Tax Considerations U.S. Holders Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ). Depending on the particular circumstances,
the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the
start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any
subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable
year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder
such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order
to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we
will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge
U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

An investment
in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An investment
in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly
address instruments similar to our units, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class
A ordinary shares and the one-sixth of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by
the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in our units is
unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running
of a U.S. Holder s (as defined in the prospectus for our IPO under Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations General holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary
shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered a qualified dividend 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the section the prospectus for our IPO entitled Taxation United States Federal
Income Tax Considerations for a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective
investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences of purchasing, holding or disposing
of our securities. 

After our
initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all
of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their
other legal rights. 

It is possible
that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all
of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors
in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce
judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United
States laws. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted
company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process
within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our corporate
affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented
or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the
United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English
common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights
of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be
under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body
of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially
interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative
action in a Federal court of the United States. 

51 

We have been
advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or
enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met.
For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and
must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result
of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management,
members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Changes
in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are and
will be subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments and, potentially, foreign jurisdictions.
In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our business combination may be contingent
on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional laws
and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in
economic, political, social and government policies, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

52 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If we pursue
a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face
additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such
initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue
a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect
our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing
 the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax issues,
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We may not
be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

53 

If our management
following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our
initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our
initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The economic,
political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our
business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained
in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may
be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely
affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our
initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event
we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our
net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the
currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any
change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or,
following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business
as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all
of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection
with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction.
If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws
and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.
The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business
opportunities or capital. 

54 

Recent increases
in inflation in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. 

Recent increases
in inflation in the United States and elsewhere may be leading to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including
ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for
us to consummate a business combination. 

Conflict
in Ukraine could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. 

Conflict in
Ukraine may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international
economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination partner and consummate a business
combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. 

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We have no
physical facilities. Our officers and the investment professionals who provide services to us under the Services Agreement (as defined
below) work and will continue to work remotely. Our address is 200 Park Avenue 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10166. We consider these arrangements
adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no
material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their
capacities as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

55 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our units,
Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols GPACU, GPAC 
and GPACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 12, 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants
commenced public trading on March 4, 2021. 

Holders 

On March 17,
2022, there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our
Class B ordinary shares, one holder of record of our public warrants and one holder of record of our private placement warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not
paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On January
11, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the
date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class A ordinary
shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 265,050,166. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust
account was approximately 40,425,891.61. 

Item
6. Reserved 

56 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this section and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available
to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on November 3, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities.
We intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

The
issuance of additional shares in a Business Combination: 

1. may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of existing investors, which dilution would increase
 if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance
 of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
 B ordinary shares; 

2. may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

3. could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

4. may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

5. may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants;
 and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: 

6. default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an Initial Business Combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

7. acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

8. our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

57 

9. our inability to pay dividends on our Class
 A ordinary shares; 

10. using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

11. limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; and 

12. increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional
 amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt. 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had 101,000 of cash and negative working capital of
approximately 3,767,000. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our Initial Business Combination and if we
cannot complete a Business Combination by, as extended on January 11, 2023, April 14, 2023 (or, if up to nine additional monthly extensions
thereafter are approved by the Board of Directors, the Termination Date) we could be forced to wind up our operations and liquidate unless
we receive an extension approval from our shareholders. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Initial Business Combination
will be successful. 

On
January 11, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,068,281 Class
A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 265,050,166. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance
in our trust account was approximately 40,425,891.61. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the period from November 3, 2020 (date of inception) to December 31, 2022, our activities consisted of formation and preparation for
the public offering and, subsequent to completion of the public offering on January 14, 2021, identifying and completing a suitable Initial
Business Combination. As such, we had no operations or significant operating expenses until after the completion of the Public Offering
in January 2021. 

Our
normal operating costs since January 14, 2021 include costs associated with our search for an Initial Business Combination (see below),
costs associated with our governance and public reporting (see below), and a charge of 25,000 per month from our Sponsor for administrative
services. Costs for such Sponsor provide administrative services aggregate approximately 300,000 and 291,000, respectively, for the
years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021. Costs associated with our governance and public reporting have increased since the Public Offering
and were approximately 512,000 and 515,000, respectively, for the years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021. General and administrative
costs also include professional and consulting fees associated with our review of Business Combination candidates of approximately 1,167,000
and 2,785,000, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

58 

As
we identify and evaluate Initial Business Combination candidates, our costs are expected to increase significantly in connection with
investigating potential Initial Business Combination candidates, as well as additional professional, due diligence and consulting fees
and travel costs that will be required and professional and other costs associated with negotiating and executing a definitive agreement
and related agreements and related required public reporting and governance matters. 

Other
income (expense) includes both interest income, the change in the fair value of the public and private warrants at each reporting date
and, in 2021, the costs associated with the issuance of our public and private warrants. 

Interest
income was approximately 4,600,000 and 75,000, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The variations in interest
income reflect market conditions occurring in connection with the Covid-19 pandemic and its aftermath. 

The
Company is required to measure the fair value of the public and private warrants at the end of each reporting period and recognize changes
in the fair value from the prior period in the Company s operating results for each current period. For the years ended December
30, 2022 and 2021, other income from change in fair value of the warrant liability was approximately 12,453,000 and 9,029,000 respectively.
Other income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 also includes charges to other expense aggregating approximately
 -0- and 800,000, respectively, for warrant liability issuance costs. 

There
were no income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because we are a Cayman Islands exempted company and are not
subject to income tax in the United States or in the Cayman Islands. We did not withdraw any interest from the Trust Account in the years
ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On January
14, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering of an aggregate of 30,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds
of approximately 300,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering,
we consummated the Private Placement of 5,566,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A ordinary
shares at 11.50 per share, to the Sponsor, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of approximately 8,350,000. At that time, the proceeds in the Trust Account were initially invested in cash. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, the proceeds in the Trust Account are invested in a money market fund that invests solely U.S. government treasury bills. 

The
net proceeds from the Public Offering and Private Placement were approximately 301,471,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting
commissions of 6,000,000 and offering costs and other expenses of approximately 904,000 (including approximately 554,000 of offering
expenses and approximately 350,000 of insurance that is accounted for as prepaid expense). 300,000,000 of the proceeds of the Public
Offering and the Private Placement have been deposited in the Trust Account and are not available to us for operations (except certain
amounts to pay taxes, if any). At December 30, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately 101,000 and 842,000, respectively, of cash available
outside of the Trust Account to fund our activities until we consummate an Initial Business Combination. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, on January 11, 2023, certain shareholders elected to redeem 26,068,281 Class A ordinary shares at 10.167 per share,
approximately 265,050,000, from the Trust Account, among other significant subsequent events all as discussed further in Note 9 to the
financial statements. 

Until
the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company s only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of our Class B ordinary
shares for 25,000 by the Sponsor, and the availability of loans to us of up to 300,000 by our sponsor under an unsecured promissory
note (the Note ), a total of 199,000 was actually loaned by the Sponsor against the issuance of the Note. The Note was
non-interest bearing and was paid in full on January 14, 2021 in connection with the closing of the Public Offering, accordingly, no
amounts are available or were outstanding under the Note at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 101,000 in cash and approximately 3,767,000 in negative working capital. The Company
has incurred significant costs and expects to continue to incur additional costs in pursuit of its Business Combination. Further, if
the Company cannot complete a Business Combination by, as extended on January 11, 2023, April 14, 2023 (or, if up to nine additional
monthly extensions thereafter are approved by the Board of Directors, the Termination Date), it could be forced to wind up its operations
and liquidate. 

59 

These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the
date that the financial statements are issued. The Company s plan to deal with these uncertainties is to complete a business combination
within the time frame set forth in the extension approved by the shareholders on January 11, 2023 (as summarized above and described
further in Note 9 to the financial statements), extend the date to January 14 2024 of the existing notes payable to the Sponsor, receive
financing pursuant to an Investment Agreement, defined and described in Note 9 to the financial statements, preserve cash by deferring
payments with anticipated cooperation from service providers. As such, there is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate
a Business Combination will be successful or successful within the time frame required. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

On August 1,
2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of up to 2,000,000 to its Sponsor. The Note
was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for expenses reasonably related to its business and the consummation
of the Business Combination. The Note bears no interest and was due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) January 14, 2023 and
(ii) the effective date of a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination,
involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January
13, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to extend the date of maturity of the Note to the earlier of (i) the Termination Date of
January 14 2024, (ii) the consummation of a business combination of the Company and (iii) the liquidation of the Company. As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the note was 785,000. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, on January 13, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to extend the date of maturity of the Note to the earlier
of (i) the Termination Date, (ii) the consummation of a business combination of the Company and (iii) the liquidation of the Company. 

We
expect our principal liquidity requirements during this period to include legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses
associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting a successful business combination; legal and accounting fees related to regulatory
reporting obligations; payment for investment professionals services and support services; Nasdaq continued listing fees; and
general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. 

Our
estimates of expenses may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed
in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment
or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions
with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined
based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds
(whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting
due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. 

Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our Initial Business Combination, either because the transaction requires more
cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of
our public shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. If we have not consummated our Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period because we
do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

The
Company has, as extended on January 11, 2023, until April 14, 2023 (or, if up to nine additional monthly extensions thereafter are approved
by the Board of Directors, the Termination Date) to complete an Initial Business Combination (the Initial Business Combination ).
If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all
operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public Class A ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to pay income taxes, but less up to 100,000 of such interest to pay dissolution expenses and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets
to its creditors and remaining shareholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial shareholders have waived
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares; however, if the initial shareholders or any of the Company s officers,
directors or their affiliates acquire Class A ordinary shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share
of the trust account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete an Initial Business
Combination within the required time period. 

In
the event of such liquidation, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including
Trust Account assets) will be less than the price per unit in the Public Offering. 

60 

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or
commitments of other entities, or entered into any agreements for non-financial assets. 

Contractual
obligations 

At
December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.
In connection with the Public Offering, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Global Partner Sponsor II LLC, our Sponsor,
pursuant to which the Company pays Global Partner Sponsor II LLC 25,000 per month for office space and investment support services. 

In
connection with identifying an Initial Business Combination candidate and negotiating an Initial Business Combination, the Company may
enter into engagement letters or agreements with various consultants, advisors, professionals and others in connection with an Initial
Business Combination. The services under these engagement letters and agreements can be material in amount and in some instances can
include contingent or success fees. 

Contingent
or success fees (but not deferred underwriting commission) would be charged to operations in the quarter that an Initial Business Combination
is consummated. In most instances (except with respect to our independent registered public accounting firm), these engagement letters
and agreements are expected to specifically provide that such counterparties waive their rights to seek repayment from the funds in the
Trust Account. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
requirement under 229.303 (Item 303) Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is:
Critical accounting estimates. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact
on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. Provide qualitative and quantitative information necessary to
understand the estimation uncertainty and the impact the critical accounting estimate has had or is reasonably likely to have on financial
condition or results of operations to the extent the information is material and reasonably available. This information should include
why each critical accounting estimate is subject to uncertainty and, to the extent the information is material and reasonably available,
how much each estimate and/or assumption has changed over a relevant period, and the sensitivity of the reported amount to the methods,
assumptions and estimates underlying its calculation. 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. 

Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. Management has determined that the Company has no critical accounting estimates. 

JOBS Act 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are
electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective
dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required
of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement
that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation
related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our
IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

61 

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The
net proceeds of our Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds of our concurrent sale of Private Placement Warrants are held in a
trust account invested in U.S. Government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and which invest only in direct U.S. Government Treasury
obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference is
made to the pages numbered with an F , beginning with page F-1, of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
are required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act for the period ending December 31, 2021 and
thereafter. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an
emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act,
we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement. 

Disclosure
controls are procedures with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act,
such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are designed with the objective of ensuring that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
previously identified a material weakness in 2021 related to our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex
financial instruments that was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this assessment, we performed additional analyses
as deemed necessary to ensure that our audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Accordingly, our management believes that the financial statements included in this report present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. We expect to assess the internal controls
of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination and, if necessary, to implement and
test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls.
A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls.
Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our Initial Business Combination may have internal controls that need
improvement in areas such as: 

13. staffing
 for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; 

14. reconciliation
 of accounts; 

15. proper
 recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; 

16. evidence
 of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; 

17. documentation
 of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and 

18. documentation
 of accounting policies and procedures. 

Because it
will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for
us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses
in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure
controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing
reporting. 

62 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As required
by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of our Company, 

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and 

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures had no material
weakness as of December 31, 2022 in accounting for complex financial instruments. See Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting , below. Accordingly, our management believes that the financial statements included in this report present fairly in
all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

This report
does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting except for the below: 

Our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures,
including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for complex features of the Class A ordinary shares and warrants.
The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation
and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate
accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue
to improve these processes, with the assistance of our external advisers, to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively
evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

We do not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

63 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Officers
and Directors 

Our officers
and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chandra R. Patel 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Jarett Goldman 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Graeme Shaw 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Richard C. Davis 
 
 57 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Gary DiCamillo 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Claudia Hollingsworth 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 William Kerr 
 
 81 
 
 Director 

Chandra
R. Patel, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Chandra R.
Patel is the founder of Antarctica Capital and has served as the managing partner of Antarctica Capital since 2010. Antarctica Capital
is an international private equity firm headquartered in New York with offices in the UK and India. Mr. Patel is responsible for Antarctica
Capital s strategic direction and core relationships and leads the firm s key expansion initiatives. He developed the real
assets business for Antarctica Capital and its SIGA , SARO and SEREY investment strategies. Mr. Patel co-founded Antarctica
Capital s private equity business and raised its first real estate fund. Mr. Patel served as the chairman of the board of directors
of Endurance Acquisition Corp. Endurance from April 2021 until the completion of its business combination with SatixFy
Communications Ltd. SatixFy in October 2022. Previously, he invested in a portfolio of companies in technology and healthcare,
and he was involved in a number of cross-border transactions and policy initiatives. Mr. Patel also founded and held senior management
positions at a variety of technology and information services companies and was an associate at a leading New York law firm. He sits
on the boards of Weddell Re and EarthDaily Analytics Corp. Mr. Patel graduated from the University of Kansas (Bachelors of Arts), Summa
Cum Laude, London School of Economics (Master of Science), and Boston College (Juris Doctor). We believe that Mr. Patel is well qualified
to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in private equity transactions and as the founder and managing partner of Antarctica
Capital. 

Jarett
Goldman, Chief Financial Officer 

Jarett Goldman
is an experienced investment professional with 15+ years of global experience in corporate finance, principal investing, and capital
markets. Mr. Goldman is currently a director at Antarctica Capital and is responsible for transaction execution, asset management and
business development within the firm s digital infrastructure and real assets-focused investment strategies. He possesses experience
across capital markets, investment, and business development roles with a recent focus on digital, transportation, and space infrastructure.
Prior to his role at Antarctica Capital, Mr. Goldman held a number of positions at Citi in New York and Hong Kong. In his last position
he served as a vice president and regional product head for Citi s Issuer Services business in Asia Pacific, with full P L
responsibility over 18 countries and oversight over strategy, product development, transaction structuring, marketing, operations, technology
and financial management. Mr. Goldman holds a Bachelor of Science in Policy Analysis and Management and Mandarin Chinese from Cornell
University and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School. 

64 

Graeme
Shaw, Chief Technology Officer 

Graeme Shaw
is an innovative, respected technologist and business strategist with over two decades of progressive experience in the aerospace and
telecommunications industries. An expert in satellite engineering, telecommunications and business development, Dr. Shaw has extensive
global experience in conceiving, designing, selling, buying, financing, managing, monitoring and operating satellite and technology projects.
Mr. Shaw served as the chief technology officer of Endurance from September 2021 until the completion of its business combination with
SatixFy in October 2022. Since March 2021, he has served as a managing director of ADP. He is also a founder and managing member of ArgoSat
Advisors, a premier global advisory firm focused on the space industry that was founded in 2009. As part of his duties with ArgoSat,
Dr. Shaw supports clients in leading the design, development, procurement and management of many new satellite projects and financings.
He acts as technical advisor to financial sector clients to provide due diligence on multibillion-dollar investments or M A transactions.
Prior to ArgoSat, Dr. Shaw served as senior director of business development for Orbital Sciences Corporation where he led the Asia Pacific
sales activities. Dr. Shaw has ScD and SM degrees in Aeronautics/Astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a BEng
degree from Imperial College, London. 

Richard
C. Davis, President and Director 

Richard C.
Davis is a highly experienced executive with over 25 years of experience in corporate finance, private equity and the space industry.
Mr. Davis has served as a member of the board of SatixFy since October 2022. Prior to that, he served as the chief executive officer
and a member of the board of directors of Endurance from April 2021 until the completion of its business combination with SatixFy in
October 2022. Since March 2021, he has served as a managing director of ADP. He is also a founder and managing member of ArgoSat Advisors,
a premier global advisory firm focused on the space industry that was founded in 2009. As part of his duties with ArgoSat, Mr. Davis
sits on the board of Sky and Space Corporation. Prior to ArgoSat, Mr. Davis was president, and later interim-CFO, for ProtoStar, a communications
satellite operator which raised over 500 million and launched two DTH satellites over Asia. Earlier in his career, Mr. Davis was a private
equity investor Principal at VantagePoint Venture Partners, a private equity and venture capital firm with 4 billion of assets under
management. His focus was on media/telecom as well as semiconductors/semiconductor capital equipment. Before that he was a vice president
and founding member of the Lehman Brothers Communication Fund which was an 800 million private equity fund focused on communications
infrastructure investments. In these roles, Mr. Davis was involved in equity and debt investments, asset acquisitions and dispositions
and mergers and other business combinations or spin-offs for approximately two dozen companies in various investment lifecycle stages.
Mr. Davis started his corporate finance career as an associate at Salomon Brothers. Mr. Davis was formerly an instructor pilot in the
United States Air Force. He received his B.S. in Astrophysics (cum laude) from the University of Minnesota, and his MBA from the University
of Virginia. We believe that Mr. Davis is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in private equity transactions. 

Gary
DiCamillo, Director 

Mr. DiCamillo,
one of our directors since 2021, served as vice chairman of GPAC s board of directors from its inception until February 2018, and
since GPAC s merger with Purple in February 2018 has been a member of the board of directors of Purple, its lead independent director
and chairman of the audit committee. From June 2017 to January 2020, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Universal
Trailer Corporation, a manufacturer of leading horse, livestock and utility trailer brands. Since January 2010, Mr. DiCamillo has been
the managing partner of Eaglepoint Advisors, a privately held advisor to boards and chief executive officers in matters of strategy,
organization and the management of business transition issues. Prior to that, Mr. DiCamillo was the president and chief executive officer
of Advantage Resourcing, a group of privately held technical, professional and commercial staffing companies based in Dedham, Massachusetts,
from 2002 until August 2009. Previously, he was chairman and chief executive officer at the Polaroid Corporation from 1995 to 2002. He
also has served as president of Worldwide Power Tools and Accessories at Black Decker Corporation from 1986 to 1995 and before
that as vice president/general manager for Culligan U.S.A., a division of Beatrice Corporation. He previously served as a director of
Pella Corporation (from 1993 to 2007, and 2010 to 2018), the Sheridan Group, Inc. (from 1989 to 2017), and previously served as a director,
as well as Lead Director, of 3Com Corporation (from 2000 to 2009). He began his career in brand management at Procter Gamble Co.,
followed by several years as a manager at McKinsey Company. Mr. DiCamillo has served as a director of Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE:WHR)
since 1997 and served as chairman of its audit committee from April 2013 to April 2017. He serves on the boards of trustees at Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute and the Museum of Science in Boston, USA and previously served as a board member of Berkshire Manufactured Products,
Inc. (where he was Chairman), Select Staffing and the Massachusetts Business Roundtable. Mr. DiCamillo is a graduate of Harvard Business
School where he earned an MBA. He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 

65 

Claudia
Hollingsworth, Director 

Ms. Hollingsworth,
one of our directors since 2021, has served as Chief Executive Officer of i2CEO since November 2016, a boutique advisory company that
has advised companies in both the public and private sectors on business acceleration, transition, strategy, leadership and organizational
maturity. Ms. Hollingsworth was appointed to Purple s board of directors immediately following the 2018 closing of its business
combination with GPAC and currently serves as chair of Purple s human capital/compensation committee and as a member of its audit
committee. From July 2012 to October 2016, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Gump s San Francisco, a luxury home furnishing,
apparel and jewelry, multi-channel retailer. Gump s San Francisco later filed a petition under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code in August 2018. From May 2011 to June 2012, Ms. Hollingsworth served as Chief Executive Officer of i2CEO. Prior to that, she served
as president of H.D. Buttercup from July 2007 to May 2011, CEO and president of GBH, Inc. from March 2004 to July 2007, and president
and director of Michael Anthony Jewelers from February 2002 to February 2004. Earlier in her career she held various executive management
positions with M.Z. Berger and OroAmerica. Ms. Hollingsworth currently serves on the board of directors of Destinations by Design, a
premier destination management company. She also serves on the board of Atlas Corps, an international network of social sector leaders
and organizations. Ms. Hollingsworth is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors and is recognized as a Board Leadership
Fellow. She has earned a certification for Cybersecurity Oversight for Directors from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie
Mellon University. 

William
Kerr, Director 

Mr. Kerr, one
of our directors since 2021, is a Partner of Eaglepoint Advisors. He served as Chairman of GPAC from 2015 to 2018. From January 2010
through January 2013, Mr. Kerr served as Chief Executive Officer of Arbitron, Inc., a media and marketing services firm. From 1991 until
January 2010, Mr. Kerr served as Executive Vice President, then as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and finally as non-executive
chairman, of Meredith Corporation (NYSE: MDP), a diversified media company. Mr. Kerr currently serves of the board of directors Questex
Holdings Group and as a member of the Executive Board of MidOcean Partners. He has previously been on the board of directors of the Interpublic
Group of Companies, Inc. (NYSE:IPG), Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE:WHR), Principal Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:PFG), Penton Media and
StorageTek. Earlier in his career, he was a consultant at McKinsey and a Vice President of The New York Times Company. Mr. Kerr has a
B.A. from the University of Washington, a B.A. and an M.A. from Oxford University (where he was a Rhodes Scholar), and an M.A. and an
M.B.A. from Harvard University. 

Number and
Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board
of directors consists of five directors, divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and
with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance
with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, which will consist of Mr. Patel and Ms.
Hollingsworth, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, which will consist
of Mr. Davis and Mr. Kerr, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, which
consists of Mr. DiCamillo, will expire at our third annual general meeting. 

Prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of
a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our
founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to
an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of our IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any
securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our officers
are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office.
Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may
consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

66 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq listing
standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. DiCamillo,
Ms. Hollingsworth, and Mr. Kerr are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our board of
directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules
of Nasdaq require that the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. Each committee will operate under a charter that will be approved by our board and will have the composition and
responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit
Committee 

We have established
an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. DiCamillo, Ms. Hollingsworth, and Mr. Kerr serve as members of our audit committee.
Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Mr. DiCamillo, Ms. Hollingsworth, and Mr. Kerr is independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Mr. DiCamillo serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and
our board of directors has determined that Mr. DiCamillo, Ms. Hollingsworth, and Mr. Kerr each qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The audit committee
is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent
 registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence
 of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of
 the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing
 the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with
 management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services
 and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms
 of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the
 independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation
 and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management
 and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit
 report or related work; 

establishing procedures for
 the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a
 quarterly basis with the terms of our IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify
 such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our IPO; and 

reviewing and approving all
 payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to
 members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors
 abstaining from such review and approval. 

67 

Compensation
Committee 

We have established
a compensation committee of the board of directors. Ms. Hollingsworth and Mr. Kerr serve as members of this committee. Under Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on this committee must be independent. Our board of directors has determined that
each of Ms. Hollingsworth and Mr. Kerr is independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Kerr serves as chair
of the committee. 

We have adopted
a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
 goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s
 performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive
 officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of
 our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
 equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
 and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments
 and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be
 included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if
 appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter
also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established
a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. Ms. Hollingsworth and Mr. Kerr] serve as members of this committee.
Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on this committee must be independent. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Ms. Hollingsworth and Mr. Kerr] is independent under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr.
Kerr serves as chair of the committee. 

We have adopted
a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the principal functions of the nominating and corporate governance
committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified
 to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for
 nomination for election at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors
 and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the governance of the company;
 and 

reviewing on a regular basis
 our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The charter
also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and
terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s
fees and other retention terms. 

68 

We have not
formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In
general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend
director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Code of
Ethics 

We have adopted
a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon
request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a current report on
Form 8-K. 

We have entered
into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which we will pay our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for the services to be
provided by one or more investment professionals, creation and maintenance of our website, and miscellaneous additional services (the
 Services Agreement ). Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
monthly fees. 

If we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to
vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote
founder shares and public shares of theirs, if any, in favor of our initial business combination. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
 of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
 purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
 company and their personal interests; and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

69 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects
the opportunity and consummating the same would not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary
or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination,
or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Officers 

Chandra
 R. Patel 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Founder and Managing Partner 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

EarthDaily Holdings 
 
 Earth Observation and Data Analytics Company 
 
 Director 

eCommunity Holdings 
 
 Fiber Asset Owner and Operator 
 
 Director 

Weddell Holdings 
 
 Asset Reinsurance Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard C. Davis 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Managing Director 

ArgoSat Advisors 
 
 Global Advisory Firm 
 
 Founder and Managing Member 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 President and Board Member 

Descartes Labs 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 

EarthDaily Holdings 
 
 Earth Observation and Data Analytics Company 
 
 Board Member 

SatixFy Communications Ltd 
 
 Satellite Communications Systems Company 
 
 Board Member 

Sky and Space 
 
 Satellite Communications Company 
 
 Board Member 
 
 Jarett
 Goldman 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Director 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Descartes Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Director Chairman of the Board 

Weddell Holdings Ltd. 
 
 Asset Reinsurance Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Graeme
 Shaw 
 
 ArgoSat Advisors 
 
 Global Advisory Firm 
 
 Founder and Managing Member 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 

Descartes Labs 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, President, and Board Member 
 
 Directors
 (Including Director Nominees) 

Gary
 DiCamillo 
 
 Eaglepoint Advisors 
 
 Advisory
 Company 
 
 Managing
 Partner 

Purple Innovation, LLC 
 
 Comfort Technology Company 
 
 Director 

Whirlpool Corporation 
 
 Home Appliances Manufacturer and Marketer 
 
 Director 
 
 Claudia
 Hollingsworth 
 
 Destinations
 by Design, Inc. 
 
 Full-Service
 Event Planning Company 
 
 Director 

i2CEO 
 
 Advisory Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Purple Innovation, LLC 
 
 Comfort Technology Company 
 
 Director 
 
 William
 Kerr 
 
 Eaglepoint Advisors 
 
 Advisory Company 
 
 Partner 

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. 
 
 Advertising
 Company 
 
 Director 

70 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 executive officers, directors and external advisors are not required to, and will not, commit
 their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
 their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other
 businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our
 initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other
 business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive
 officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 officers, directors and external advisors may have a conflict of interest with respect to
 evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
 officers, directors and advisors was included by a target business as a condition to any
 agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our
sponsor or any member of our team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore,
in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on NYSE, we will also reimburse our sponsor for
office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 10,000
per month. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased
during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None of our
executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any
such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly
audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement
payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf
in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation
of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor or officers, or their respective
affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion
of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend
to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we
do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be
a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our
executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

71 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following
table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at December 31, 2022, with respect
to our ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; and 

each of our executive officers, directors and director
 nominees; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise
indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares
beneficially owned by them. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 37,500,000 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 30,000,000
Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) 7,500,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the
below table does not account for share redemptions that occurred 2023. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership
of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. 

Class A
 Ordinary Share 
 Class B
 Ordinary Shares 

Name and
 Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Class 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Class 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Outstanding Shares 
 
 Global
 Partner Sponsor II LLC(3) 

7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Chandra
 R. Patel(3) 

Jarett Goldman(3) 

Graeme Shaw(4) 

Richard
 C. Davis(3) 

Gary DiCamillo(4) 

Claudia Hollingsworth(4) 

William Kerr(4) 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 

7,500,000 
 100 
 20.0 
 
 Aristeia
 Capital, L.L.C.(5) 
 2,343,178 
 7.81 

6.2 
 
 Glazer
 Capital, LLC (6) 
 2,544,318 
 8.48 

6.8 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each
 of our shareholders is 200 Park Avenue 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10166. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified
 as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial
 business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof. 

(3) 
 Chandra R. Patel, Richard C. Davis and Jarett Goldman are the three
 managers of the Sponsor, Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. Each manager has one vote, and the approval of a majority is required to
 approve an action of Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. Under the so-called rule of three , if voting and dispositive decisions
 regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval
 of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This
 is the situation with regards to Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of Global
 Partner Sponsor II LLC exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by the Sponsor, even those in which
 he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of
 such securities. 

(4) 
 Does not include any shares indirectly owned by the
 relevant individual as a result of that individual s membership interest in our sponsor. Each of these individuals disclaims
 beneficial ownership of any shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed February 13, 2023 with the SEC, Aristeia Capital L.L.C. Aristeia is the investment manager
 of one or more private investment funds, and has voting and investment control with respect to the Class A ordinary shares listed,
 which are held by one or more such funds. The principal business address of Aristeia is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor, Greenwich,
 CT 06830. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed February 14, 2023
 with the SEC, Glazer Capital, LLC and Paul J Glazer, managing member of Glazer Capital, with respect to the shares of Common Stock
 held by the Glazer Funds, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the Class A ordinary shares listed. The principal business
 address of Glazer Capital, LLC is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

72 

Our sponsor
beneficially owns 65.6 of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units in the aftermarket)
and will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will
not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership
block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including
amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including
our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor
has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not
to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination. Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the
federal securities laws. 

Transfers
of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The founder
shares and private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject
to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Our sponsor
and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of founder shares of theirs, if any, until the
earliest of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (b) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their
Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The private
placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants are not transferable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our
officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates
of our sponsor; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a
trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable
organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d)
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Transfer of Founder Shares or Private Placement Warrants, directly or indirectly, to affiliate(s)
of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC shall not be restricted by Section 8 of the Insider Letter; (e) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (f) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of
a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary
shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (g) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation
or dissolution of our sponsor; (h) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination; (i) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (j) in
the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public
shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our
completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained
in the letter agreement. 

In addition
to the foregoing, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell founder shares of
theirs, if any, until certain vesting conditions are satisfied, as described in the prospectus for our IPO under the heading Description
of Securities Founder Shares. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On November
11, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our IPO and formation costs in consideration
of receiving 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On January 11, 2021, we effected a share capitalization, resulting
in our sponsor holding 7,500,000 Class B ordinary shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation
that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. Up to 625,000 founder shares
were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised.
Because that option was fully exercised, no founder shares were forfeited. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our sponsor
purchased 5,566,667 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per whole warrant in a private placement that was conducted
concurrently with the closing of the IPO. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 8,350,000. Each private
placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private
placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

73 

If any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Our address
is 200 Park Avenue 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10166. We currently expect our officers and the investment professionals who will be providing
services under the administrative support agreement we have entered into with our sponsor, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit
to this report, to work remotely, but we may incur costs for office space and administrative and support services in the future, which
would be provided by our sponsor pursuant to the administrative support agreement. 

No compensation
of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor or officers, or their respective affiliates, for
services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination, other than the following payments,
none of which will be made from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account prior
to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans
 made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related
 to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; 

Pursuant to the administrative support agreement, we
 will pay our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for, among other things, provision of the services of one or more investment professionals,
 who may be related parties of our sponsor or of one of our executive officers. Each of these professionals will be paid by our sponsor
 at or below market rates for their services; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor
 or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
 initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity
 at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except
 for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
 loans. 

Any such payments
will be made either (i) prior to our initial business combination using proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants
held outside the trust account or from loans made to us by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors or (ii) in connection with or after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine
which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the
consummation of our IPO, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans
were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. We had drawn down approximately
 199,000 under this arrangement, including approximately 49,000 of costs paid directly by our sponsor, for costs related to the IPO.
In January 2021, upon the closing of the IPO, all amounts outstanding were repaid. 

74 

In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial
business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our
initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such
loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than
our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial
business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as
applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered
into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with
respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial
business combination, to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities
covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to this report. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Policy for
Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee
of our board of directors has a charter that provides for it to review, approve and/or ratify related party transactions, 
which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC. At its meetings,
the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms
of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that we have already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the
benefits of the transaction to us and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party
transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so
requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction.
Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party
transaction. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq listing
standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent
director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board has determined that each of Mr. DiCamillo, Ms. Hollingsworth,
and Mr. Kerr is an independent director under applicable SEC rules and the Nasdaq listing standards. Our Audit Committee is composed
solely of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the Audit Committee. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

75 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following
is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum ), PCAOB ID #100, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees .
Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from November 3, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 83,200 and 66,560, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as
well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees, above. These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from November 3, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2021 we did
not pay any audit-related fees to Withum. 

Tax Fees .
We paid Withum 0 for tax return services, planning or tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022. We paid Withum 3,750 for tax
return services for the period from November 3, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other
Fees . We did not pay Withum for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 or for the period from November 3, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

Our audit committee
was formed in connection with the completion of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve any of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services as described in the Exchange Act that are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

76 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Statements
 of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial
statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information
is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto included below in this Item 15 of Part IV. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file
as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits incorporated herein by reference can be inspected
on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

77 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Global Partner Acquisition Corp II (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by April 14, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

, New York 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB
Number 

F- 1 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Balance
Sheets 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Investments
 held in Trust Account 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES,
 CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Notes
 payable related party 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Other
 liabilities 

Warrant
 liability 

Deferred
 underwriting compensation 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares, (at approximately per share at December 31, 2022 and 10.00 per share at December 31, 2021) 

Shareholders 
 deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value, authorized shares, - - issued and outstanding (excluding 30,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value, authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in-capital 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 shareholders deficit 

Liabilities,
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shareholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 2 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Statements
of Operations 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the 
 year ended December 31, 2021 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Loss from
 operations 

Other income (expense) 

Income
 from cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Transaction
 costs allocated to warrant liability 
 - 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 

Net
 income 

Weighted average Class A ordinary shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income per Class A ordinary share basic and diluted 

Weighted average Class B ordinary shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income per Class B ordinary share basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Statements
of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Shareholders 

Class B 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2021 

- 

Accretion
 in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

Class B 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2020 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants at per warrant in excess of fair value of per warrant 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion
 for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 

Net income, nine months
 ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31,
 2021 

- 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

For
 the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net
 income to net cash used in operating activities 

Payment
 of formation costs through Class B ordinary shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income
 from cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Transaction
 costs allocated to warrant liability 
 - 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase
 in prepaid expenses 

(Decrease)
 increase in accounts payable 

Increase
 in accrued liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Cash
 deposited in Trust Account 
 - 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds
 from notes payable and advances related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of Public Offering Units 
 - 

Proceeds
 from sale of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 

Payment
 of underwriting discounts 
 - 

Payment
 of offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds
 (payment) of notes payable related party 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash
 at beginning of the year 

Cash
 at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of
 non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred
 underwriter compensation 
 - 

Offering
 costs included in accounts payable 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

Public Offering (see Note 3) and a private placement
(see Note 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, was deposited in a trust account (the Trust
Account at closing on January 14, 2021. 

Class A ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . 

F- 6 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses, none of the funds held in trust will be released
until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association (i) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the Initial Business
Combination by the date by which the Company is required to consummate a business combination pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, January 14, 2024 (the Termination Date ), or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable
to complete the Initial Business Combination by the Termination Date, subject to applicable law, which includes the extended time that
the Company has to consummate a Business Combination beyond the Termination Date as a result of a shareholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated articles of incorporation. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commission and taxes payable on interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with
the Company s Initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. 

upon consummation of a Business Combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public
shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining
available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the price per Unit (as defined below in Note 3) in the
Public Offering. 

F- 7 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

in cash and approximately in negative working capital. The Company
has incurred significant costs and expects to continue to incur additional costs in pursuit of its Business Combination. Further, if
the Company cannot complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, it could be forced to wind up its operations and liquidate
unless it receives an extension approval from its shareholders. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The Company s
plan to deal with these uncertainties is to extend the date to complete at business combination as described in Note 9, receive financing
pursuant to an Investment Agreement, defined and described in Note 9, preserve cash by deferring payments with anticipated cooperation
from service providers, settle certain accrued liabilities with creditors as described in Note 9 and to complete a Business Combination
prior to deadline to complete as extended from time to time as described in Note 9. As such, there is no assurance that the Company s
plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, since
their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method and are dependent on future events. As a result, diluted income
per ordinary share is the same as basic income per ordinary share for the period. 

F- 8 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares: 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 9 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

including
 of underwriters discount. Such costs were allocated among the temporary equity and warrant liability components, based
on their relative fair-value. Upon completion of the Public Offering approximately has been charged to temporary equity for
the temporary equity components and approximately has been charged to other expense for the warrant liability. 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption
feature that allows for the redemption under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/shareholder approval provisions. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of
permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments,
are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company had not specified a maximum redemption threshold, its articles
of association provide that in no event will it redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (shareholders 
equity) to be less than . However, because all of the Class A ordinary shares are redeemable, all of the shares are recorded
as Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption on the enclosed balance sheets. 

F- 10 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

of the Public Shares were classified outside of permanent
equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption consist of the following: 

Less: Proceeds allocated to
 Public Warrants 

Offering
 costs 

Plus:
 Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Subtotal at inception and
 at December 31, 2022 

Accretion
 of carrying value to redemption value since Public Offering 

Class
 A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares at per share, approximately
 , from the Trust account and from Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption as further discussed in Note 9. 

F- 11 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

units at a price of per unit (the Units ).
Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value, one-sixth of one detachable redeemable
warrant (the Detachable Redeemable Warrants and the contingent right to receive, in certain circumstances, in connection
with the Business Combination, one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant for each public share that a public shareholder holds
and does not redeem in connection with the Company s Initial Business Combination (the Distributable Redeemable Warrants ).
Each whole Redeemable Warrant offered in the Public Offering is exercisable to purchase one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares.
Only whole Redeemable Warrants may be exercised. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, following the completion of the Company s Initial
Business Combination covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants. No fractional shares will be issued
upon exercise of the Redeemable Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Redeemable Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to
be issued to the Redeemable Warrant holder. Each Redeemable Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion
of the Company s Initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire after
the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company
does not complete its Initial Business Combination on or prior to the end of the Combination Period. the Redeemable Warrants will expire
at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered Class A ordinary shares to the holder upon exercise of a Redeemable
Warrant during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Redeemable Warrants and the Redeemable Warrants will
expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the
Redeemable Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Redeemable Warrants in whole and not in part at a price
of per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share for any 20 trading days within the 30- trading day period ending on
the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Redeemable Warrant holders, and that certain other conditions
are met. Once the Redeemable Warrants become exercisable, the Company may also redeem the outstanding Redeemable Warrants in whole and
not in part at a price of per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that
the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share on the trading day prior to the date on which the
Company sends the notice of redemption, and that certain other conditions are met. If the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares
is less than per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the
Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders, the Private Placement Warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption
on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. If issued, the Distributable Redeemable Warrants are identical
to the Redeemable Warrants and together represent the Public Warrants. 

Units to cover any over- allotments, at the Public Offering
price less the underwriting discounts and commissions and such option was exercised in full at the closing of the Public Offering and
included in the Units sold on January 14, 2021. 

of the per Unit price, , to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering
and there is a deferred underwriting fee of of the per Unit price, , which is payable upon the completion of the Company s
Initial Business Combination. 

Class A ordinary shares at per share, approximately
 , from the Trust account and from Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption as further discussed in Note 9. 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for (which amount was paid directly
for organizational costs and costs of the Public Offering by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company), or approximately per share.
In January 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in there being an aggregate of Founder Shares issued.

Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the
underwriters. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and therefore such shares are no longer subject to
forfeiture. 

F- 12 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s
Initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
after the Initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. 

warrants at a price of per warrant (a purchase price of in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the Private Placement Warrants ).
Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at per share. The purchase price of
the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering, net of expenses of the offering and working capital
to be available to the Company, to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination.
The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will
not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than
the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Redeemable Warrants being sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering
and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

by drawdowns of not less than 
each against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the Note or Notes payable related party to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or
the completion of the Public Offering. As of the closing date of the Public Offering, the Company had drawn down approximately 
under the Note, including approximately of costs paid directly by the Sponsor, for costs related to costs of the Public Offering.
On January 14, 2021, upon closing of the Public Offering, all amounts outstanding under the Note were repaid and the Note is no longer
available to the Company. 

to its Sponsor. The Note was issued in
connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for expenses reasonably related to its business and the consummation of
the Business Combination. The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) January 14, 2023 and (ii)
the effective date of a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal
balance under the note was . 

to
its Sponsor. The January 3, 2023 Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for expenses reasonably
related to its business and the consummation of the Business Combination. The January 3, 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable
upon the Business Combination. As of March 30, 2023, the outstanding principal balance under the note was . At the election of
the Payee, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the January 3, 2023 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company Warrants ),
at a price of per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company.
The Warrants shall be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public
offering. 

F- 13 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

to its Sponsor. The January 13, 2023 Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for contributions
to the Trust Account in connection with the Extension and other expenses reasonably related to its business and the consummation of the
Business Combination. The January 13, 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the Business Combination. As of March 30,
2023, the outstanding principal balance under the note was . At the election of the Payee, all or a portion of the unpaid principal
amount of the January 13, 2023 Note may be converted into Warrants, at a price of per warrant,
each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company. The Warrants shall be identical
to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public offering. 

a month to the Sponsor for office space and rent and for the services to be provided by one or
more investment professionals, creation and maintenance of the Company s website, and miscellaneous additional services.
Services commenced on the date the securities are first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of
the consummation by the Company of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. Approximately and
 were paid and charged to general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for this
agreement, respectively, and there were no amounts payable or accrued at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

warrants outstanding including Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants. 

of costs to operations upon issuance of the warrants to reflect warrant issuance costs in
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

- 
 - 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant
 liability at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant
 liability at December 31, 2021 

- 

F- 14 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

Change
 in fair value 
 (8.000,000 

Fair value as of December
 31, 2022 

Change
 in fair value 

Fair value as of December
 31, 2021 

was deposited into the Trust Account. 

F- 15 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

Total 

Total 

Class A ordinary shares at per share, approximately
 , from the Trust Account and from Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption as further discussed in Note 9. 

Class A ordinary shares, par value, , and Class B ordinary
shares, par value, , or ordinary shares in total. The Company may (depending on the terms of the Business Combination)
be required to increase the authorized number of shares at the same time as its shareholders vote on the Business Combination to the
extent the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with its Business Combination. Except with respect to matters pertaining
to directors prior to the Business Combination, holders of the Company s Class A and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a
single class and are entitled to one vote for each Class A and Class B ordinary share. 

Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, and - - and -0- Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding (after deducting Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at each balance sheet date). 

preference shares, par value , with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preference
shares issued or outstanding. 

F- 16 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations, among others. The
excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the
excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of
calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
IR Act applies to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 17 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

(the Investment Contribution ), which amount will be loaned
to the Company in accordance with the Promissory Note (as defined below) (the Investment Loan ), in consideration for which,
the Sponsor shall issue to the Investor interests in certain equity securities of the Company. 

F- 18 

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp II 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

December
31, 2022 

, to be deposited into the Trust Account. In addition, in the event the Company does not consummate
an initial business combination by the Articles Extension Date (as defined below), the Lender may contribute to the Company 
as a loan to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of nine one-month extensions following the Articles Extension Date. At the
election of the Payee, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into Warrants,
at a price of per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company.
The Warrants shall be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public
offering. 

to
its Sponsor. The January 3, 2023 Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for expenses reasonably
related to its business and the consummation of the Business Combination. The January 13, 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable
upon the Business Combination. As of March 30, 2023, the outstanding principal balance under the note was . 

(the Promissory
Note to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of on January 11, 2023. The Promissory Note does
not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not
consummate a business combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any.
The proceeds of the Promissory Note will be deposited in the Trust Account. Up to of the total principal amount of the Promissory
Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Lender into warrants of the Company at a price of per warrant,
which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial public offering of
the Company. At the election of the Payee, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into Warrants, at a price of per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, 
par value per share, of the Company. The Warrants shall be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time
of the Company s initial public offering. 

to its Sponsor. The January 13, 2023 Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make to the Company for contributions
to the Trust Account in connection with the Extension and other expenses reasonably related to its business and the consummation of the
Business Combination. The January 13, 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the Business Combination. As of March 30,
2023, the outstanding principal balance under the note was . 

Class A ordinary shares of
the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately . After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately
 . On January 11, 2023, the Company filed the Articles Amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. 

F- 19 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company, UBS Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate. (3) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent.
 (1) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Contingent
 Rights Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights
 agent. (1) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description
 of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee.
 (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration
 and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company and the Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated August 20, 2020, issued to Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated January 13, 2023, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp II and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 1, 2022, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp II and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note, dated August 1, 2022, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp II and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC.
 (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2020, Between The Company and the Sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Global Partner Sponsor II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Investment
 Agreement, dated January 13, 2023, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp II, Global Partner Sponsor II LLC and Endurance Global
 Partner II, LLC. (4) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Letter
 Agreement Amendment, dated January 13, 2023, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp II, its officers and directors and Global
 Partner Sponsor II LLC. (4) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics. (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit
 Committee Charter. (3) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter. (3) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Corporate
 Governance and Nominating Committee Charter. (3) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Certain
 of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation
 S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted
 exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s report
 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 15, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s registration
 statement on Form S-1, filed on December 21, 2020. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s registration
 statement on Form S-1/A, filed on December 31, 2020. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2023. 

78 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 30, 2023 
 Global Partner Acquisition Corp II 

By: 
 /s/ Chandra R. Patel 

Name: 
 Chandra R. Patel 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Chandra
R. Patel 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
 Officer 

Chandra R. Patel 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jarett
Goldman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jarett Goldman 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Richard
C. Davis 

Richard C. Davis 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Gary
DiCamillo 

Gary DiCamillo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Claudia
Hollingsworth 

Claudia
 Hollingsworth 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ William
Kerr 

William
 Kerr 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

79 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_globalpart2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Global Partner Acquisition Corp II we, 
 our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one Class A
ordinary share, one-sixth of one redeemable warrant and the contingent right to receive, in certain circumstances, following the
initial business combination redemption time, another one-sixth of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the
holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share (the units ), (ii) its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per
share, and (iii) its warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share for 11.50. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed
by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description
summarizes the material terms of our securities as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one-sixth of
one redeemable warrant (the detachable redeemable warrants and the contingent right to receive, in certain circumstances,
following the initial business combination redemption time, another one-sixth of one redeemable warrant (collectively, the distributable
redeemable warrants and, together with the detachable redeemable warrants, the redeemable warrants ). Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described
below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise warrants only for a whole number of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares. 

The contingent right to receive distributable redeemable warrants will
remain attached to our Class A ordinary shares, will not be separately transferable, assignable or salable and will not be evidenced
by any certificate or instrument. Once our distributable redeemable warrants are issued, such warrants will be fungible with our detachable
redeemable warrants. The distributable redeemable warrants are expected to be eligible for trading on the day that they are distributed,
and will trade under the same stock symbol as our detachable redeemable warrants. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of
Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required
by law. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 
of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination,
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not
be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to
approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the date
by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(the Termination Date ), which includes extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months
as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority
of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to a number of shares exceeding 15 of the shares issued in our
initial public offering Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a
result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority
of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them
after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares.
Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares,
except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the
completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Warrants 

Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. The redeemable
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

2 

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares
pursuant to the exercise of a redeemable warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No redeemable warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share
upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or
deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the
conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a redeemable warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying
such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after
the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus
relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided
that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our
option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but
we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not
effective by the 60 th day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption,
but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an
exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A
ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 per warrant. The fair market value as used in this paragraph
shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Our redeemable warrants include our detachable redeemable warrants
and our distributable redeemable warrants. Each unit includes one-sixth of one detachable redeemable warrant and the contingent right
to receive one-sixth of one redeemable warrant following the initial business combination redemption time under certain circumstances
and subject to adjustment as further described below. 

At the distribution time, we will effect a distribution of a number
of warrants up to the number of units issued in our initial public offering multiplied by one-sixth, or 5,000,000 warrants (the Aggregate
Warrant Amount as follows: (i) to the extent that no public shareholders redeem their public shares in connection with our
initial business combination, each public shareholder will receive one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant per public share
held and (ii) to the extent that any public shareholders redeem any of their public shares in connection with our initial business
combination, then (A) one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant will be distributed to the holder of each remaining
public share and (B) no distributable redeemable warrants will be distributed in respect of any public shares that were redeemed.
Public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights are not entitled to receive any distribution of distributable redeemable warrants
in respect of such redeemed public shares. If any such redemptions occur, the distributable redeemable warrants attached to the redeemed
public shares will not be redistributed, and the total number of distributable redeemable warrants issued will be fewer than 5,000,000.
The distribution time will be immediately after the initial business combination redemption time and immediately prior to the closing
of our initial business combination. 

3 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding redeemable warrants (except
with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send
the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the redeemable
warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify
the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except with respect
to the private placement warrants): 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below,
based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as
otherwise described below; 

if,
and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send
the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if
the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days
before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders, the private placement warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption
on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants
are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent
the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption
by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding
redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined
for these purposes based on the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten trading
days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that
the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide
our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above
ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A
ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been
converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table
below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we
are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

4 

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below
will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is
adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon
exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such
adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator
of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall
be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise
of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a
warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph
under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal
the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in
the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below,
the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant
pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

5 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth
in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption
dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation
between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable,
based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary
shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose
to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant.
For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average
price of our Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration
of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary
shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature
for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the
warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us
pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise.
If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number
of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving
company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

Maximum Percentage Procedures . A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder
may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments. If
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary
shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend,
split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below)
will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A
ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that
are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A
ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights
offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A
ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable
upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of Class A
ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A
ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding
and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of
the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with
all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the
date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments
and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions
equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our
failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the
effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A
ordinary share in respect of such event. 

6 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased
by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event,
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon
the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise
price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number
of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be
determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued
Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market
Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares),
or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we
are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary
shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right
to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary
shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of
Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger
or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such
holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election
as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of
securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind
and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender,
exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by
the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed
initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion
of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under
the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of
a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have
been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer,
accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange
offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the
adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary
shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following
public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value
(as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders
of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the
warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide
additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant
to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

7 

The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of
the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake,
including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement
set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash
dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or
desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval
by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the
interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed January 15, 2021, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders
of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance
of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record
on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional redeemable warrants will be issued upon separation of
the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to
the warrant holder. 

Contingent Rights 

A contingent right to receive distributable redeemable warrants will
be attached to each Class A ordinary share. In accordance with the terms of the contingent rights agreement, each holder of a contingent
right will receive, at the distribution time, one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant, as follows: (i) to the extent that
no public shareholders redeem their Class A ordinary shares issued in our initial public offering (whether acquired in the offering or
afterwards) in connection with our initial business combination, each public shareholder will receive one-sixth of one distributable
redeemable warrant per public share held and (ii) to the extent that any public shareholders redeem any of their public shares in connection
with our initial business combination, then (A) one-sixth of one distributable redeemable warrant will be distributed to the holder
of each public share that was not redeemed and (B) no distributable redeemable warrants will be distributed in respect of any public shares
that were redeemed. Public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights are not entitled to receive any distributable redeemable
warrants in respect of such redeemed public shares or any contingent rights, and the contingent rights attached to those ordinary shares
will be worthless after such redemption. No fractional distributable redeemable warrants shall be distributed; fractional warrants will
be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. As a result, you must hold contingent rights in multiples of six in order to
receive distributable redeemable warrants for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. The contingent right to receive
distributable redeemable warrants will remain attached to our Class A ordinary shares, will not be separately transferable, assignable
or salable and will not be evidenced by any certificate or instrument. As a result, you may not buy or sell a contingent right separately
from the Class A ordinary share to which it is attached. 

No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder
of contingent rights in order to receive distributable redeemable warrants at the distribution time. Contingent rights holders do not
have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares or any voting rights. The terms of the contingent rights agreement may be
amended by the Company and the rights agent without the consent of any holder of any contingent right for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under the contingent rights agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable; provided, however,
that any amendment that will adversely affect the interests of holders of contingent rights will require the consent or vote of the holders
of not less than two-thirds of the then-outstanding contingent rights, as evidenced by their ownership of the ordinary shares.
You should review a copy of the contingent rights agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on January 15, 2021, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the contingent rights. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within
the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of contingent rights will not receive any such
funds with respect to their contingent rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account
with respect to such contingent rights, and the contingent rights will expire worthless. 

8 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-7_globalpart2.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED AUGUST 1, 2022, BY AND AMONG GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP II AND GLOBAL PARTNER SPONSOR II LLC.

Exhibit 10.7 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY
AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT
TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT
FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE MAKER MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO
THE MAKER TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. 

GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP II 
PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Not to Exceed 2,000,000 

 Dated as of August 1, 2022 

(See Schedule A 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED and subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Global Partner Acquisition Corp II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ),
promises to pay to the order of Global Partner Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its registered assigns or successors
in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal balance as set forth on Schedule A hereto in lawful
money of the United States of America; which schedule shall be updated from time to time by the parties hereto to reflect all advances
and readvances outstanding under this Note; provided that at no time shall the aggregate of all advances and readvances outstanding
under this Note exceed TWO MILLION Dollars 2,000,000); and provided further , any advances hereunder shall be subject to approval
by Payee in its sole discretion at the time of a written request hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, any advance hereunder shall be made
by the Payee upon receipt of a written request of the Maker, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Maker
and the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below), and shall be set forth on Schedule A . Any advance hereunder
shall only be made by the Payee as, and to the extent, expenses are incurred or are reasonably expected to be incurred, and the amounts
of such advance shall be used to pay or repay such expenses. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately
available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice
in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal .
All unpaid principal under this Note shall be due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) January 14, 2023 and (ii) the effective date
of a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the
Maker and one or more businesses (the Business Combination (such earlier date, the Maturity
Date ), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below). Any outstanding principal amount
to date under this Note may be prepaid at any time by the Maker, at its election and without penalty. 

2. Interest .
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance of this Note. 

3. Application
of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to
the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Events
of Default . The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by the Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days
after the date specified above or issue warrants pursuant to Section 5 hereof, if so elected by the Payee. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Failure to Consummate a Business Combination; Liquidation of Trust Account, Etc . The commencement by the Maker of a voluntary
case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment
of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Maker
or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of the
Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Maker in furtherance of any of the
foregoing, or in the event the Company does not consummate a business combination within the timeframe required by its charter (as may
be amended by a shareholder vote) or the Company s trust account is liquidated. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Maker
in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive
days. 

5. [RESERVED] . 

6. Remedies . 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a) hereof, the Payee may, by written notice to the Maker, declare
this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder,
shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 4(b) or 4(c) , the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and
all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any
action on the part of the Payee. 

7. Waivers .
The Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by the Payee
under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to the Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property,
real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution,
or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and the Maker agrees that any
real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold
upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by the Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability . The Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of
the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and
shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by the
Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by the Payee with respect
to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties
hereto without notice to the Maker or affecting the Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices .
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the
party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier
service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each
notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served,
sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case
of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered
to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon
presentation. 

2 

10. Construction .
NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS NOTE MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS NOTE SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND
TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. 

11. Severability .
This Note shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of this Note or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term
or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Note a provision as similar in terms to such invalid
or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid and enforceable. 

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any
kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in which the proceeds of the
IPO conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and certain proceeds of the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants were deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and the related prospectus filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO (including the final prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2021), and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim
against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and
the Payee. 

14. Successors
and Assigns . Subject to the restrictions on transfer in Sections 15 and 16 below, the rights and obligations of the
Maker and the Payee hereunder shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of any
party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) with the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment
without the required consent shall be void. 

15. Transfer
of this Note . With respect to any sale or other disposition of this Note, the Payee shall give written notice to the Maker prior thereto,
describing briefly the manner thereof, together with (i) except for a Permitted Transfer, in which case the requirements in this clause
(i) shall not apply, a written opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in form and substance from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Maker to the effect that such sale or other distribution may be effected without registration or qualification under any federal
or state law then in effect and (ii) a written undertaking executed by the desired transferee reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in
form and substance agreeing to be bound by the restrictions on transfer contained herein. Upon receiving such written notice, reasonably
satisfactory opinion, or other evidence, and such written acknowledgement, the Maker, as promptly as practicable, shall notify the Payee
that the Payee may sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or such securities, all in accordance with the terms of the note delivered to
the Maker. If a determination has been made pursuant to this Section 15 that the opinion of counsel for the Payee, or other evidence,
or the written acknowledgment from the desired transferee, is not reasonably satisfactory to the Maker, the Maker shall so notify the
Payee promptly after such determination has been made. Each Note thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions
on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for the Maker such legend is
not required in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act. The Maker may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent
in connection with such restrictions. Subject to the foregoing, transfers of this Note shall be registered upon registration on the books
maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of the Maker. Prior to presentation of this Note for registration of transfer, the Maker shall
treat the registered holder hereof as the owner and holder of this Note for the purpose of receiving all payments of principal hereon
and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note shall be overdue and the Maker shall not be affected by notice to the
contrary. For purposes hereof Permitted Transfer shall have the same meaning as any transfer that would be
permitted for the Private Placement Warrants under the Letter Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, among the Maker, the Payee and the other
parties thereto. 

16. Acknowledgment .
The Payee is acquiring this Note for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale
in connection with, any distribution thereof. The Payee understands that the acquisition of this Note involves substantial risk. The Payee
has experience as an investor in securities of companies and acknowledges that it is able to fend for itself, can bear the economic risk
of its investment in this Note, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of this investment in this Note and protecting its own interests in connection with this investment. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written. 

GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP II 

By: 
 /s/ Paul J. Zepf 

Name: 
 Paul J. Zepf 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Acknowledged and agreed as of the date first above written. 

GLOBAL PARTNER SPONSOR II LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Paul J. Zepf 

Name: 
 Paul J. Zepf 

Title: 
 Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Promissory Note] 

SCHEDULE A 

Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Note to which this schedule is attached to, the principal balance due under the Note shall be set forth in the table
below and shall be updated from time to time to reflect all advances and readvances outstanding under the Note. 

Date of Increase or Decrease 
 Amount of Increase or 
 Decrease/ Total 
 Principal Amount of 
 Note following such 
 Increase or Decrease 
 Description 
 Aggregate Undrawn 
 Balance following such 
 Increase or Decrease 

August 3, 2022 
 200,000 
 Legal Expenses 
 1,800,000 
 
 TOTAL: 
 200,000 
 
 1,800,000 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_globalpart2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I Chandra R. Patel, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Partner Acquisition Corp II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chandra R. Patel 

Chandra R. Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_globalpart2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jarett Goldman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Partner Acquisition Corp II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jarett Goldman 

Jarett Goldman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_globalpart2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Partner
Acquisition Corp II (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Chandra R. Patel, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chandra R. Patel 

Chandra R. Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_globalpart2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Partner
Acquisition Corp II (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Jarett Goldman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jarett Goldman 

Jarett Goldman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gpac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gpac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gpac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gpac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gpac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

