<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1789192_0001493152-23-009116.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8788553</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>347041</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2296923</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2557768</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1539237</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1830337</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009116.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327165427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Save Foods Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001789192
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		IRS NUMBER:				264684680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40403
		FILM NUMBER:		23765137

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972544561349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009116.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, based on the price
at which the common equity was last sold on the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date, was . For purposes of this computation
only, all officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 55 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 55 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 60 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 68 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 68 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 74 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 77 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 78 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 79 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 80 

SIGNATURES 
 81 

2 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management s
current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future
events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of our Company and members of our management
team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially
from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Those risks and uncertainties include, among others: 

our
 customers require that our products undergo a lengthy pilot period without any assurance of sales; 

our
 history of operating losses and expectation to incur additional losses in the future; 

our
 ability to raise additional capital to meet our liquidity needs; 

because
 of our limited operating history, we may not be able to successfully operate our business or execute our business plan; 

our
 products and technology requiring additional trials, which could prolong the sales cycle; 

commercial
 success of our new generation products, as well as any future products, depends upon the degree of market acceptance by the packing
 house community as well as by other prospect markets and industries; 

our
 ability to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

sales
 of our products; 

the
 size and growth of our product market; 

our
 ability to obtain market acceptance of our environmentally friendly solutions for fruits and vegetables; 

our
 inability to respond effectively to technological changes in our industry, which could reduce the demand for our products; 

our
 ability or our contractors or service providers ability to comply with laws and regulations, to develop, market and sell our products
 or future products; 

our
 ability to achieve regulatory approvals and registration in the United States, Mexico, Israel, Spain, Italy, Chile, Colombia, Peru,
 and South Africa, which might take longer than expected; 

significant
 competition from other companies looking to develop or acquire new alternative environmentally friendly solutions for the treatment
 of fruits and vegetables, and other edible matter; 

our
 reliance on a limited number of suppliers to produce certain key components of our products; 

our
 ability to establish and maintain strategic partnerships with third parties, including for the distribution of products; 

our
 ability to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful relationships with third parties to
 perform these services; 

our
 reliance on rapidly establishing global distributorship network in order to effectively market our products; 

results
 of our early tests may not be indicative of results in future tests and we cannot assure you that any planned or future tests will
 lead to results sufficient for the necessary regulatory approvals; 

inherent
 dangers in production and transportation of hydrogen peroxide and highly concentrated organic acids could cause disruptions and could
 expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or other liabilities; 

our
 ability to attract and retain sufficient, qualified personnel; 

our
 ability to obtain or maintain patents or other appropriate protection for the intellectual property; 

our
 ability to adequately support future growth; 

potential
 product liability or intellectual property infringement claims; 

3 

our
 business and operations may be affected by climate change conditions, which could materially harm our financial results; 

risks
 relating to portfolio concentration; 

risks
 relating to international expansion of our business and operations; 

the
 effect of COVID-19 on our business; and 

information
 with respect to any other plans and strategies for our business. 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence
of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results over time except as required by law. We believe that our assumptions are
based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made that actual results of operations
or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. 

As
used in this Annual Report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms Save Foods, we, us, our, 
or our Company refer to Save Foods, Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States
dollars. 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

We
are an agri-food tech company specializing in eco crop protection that helps reduce food waste and ensure food safety while reducing
the use of pesticides. We develop eco-friendly green solutions for the food industry. Our solutions are developed to improve
the food safety and shelf life of fresh produce. We do this by controlling human and plant pathogens, thereby reducing spoilage, and
in turn, reducing food loss. 

Our
solutions are based on Save Foods proprietary blend of food acids combined with certain types of oxidizing agent-based sanitizers
and in some cases with fungicides at low concentrations. Save Foods products have a synergistic effect when combined with these oxidizing
agent-based sanitizers and fungicides. Our green solutions are capable of cleaning, sanitizing and controlling pathogens
on fresh produce with the goal of making them safer for human consumption and extending their shelf life by reducing their decay. One
of the main advantages of our products is that our ingredients do not leave any toxicological residues on the fresh produce we treat.
In contrary, by forming a temporary protective shield around the fresh produce we treat, our products make it difficult for pathogens
to develop and potentially provide protection which also reduces cross-contamination. 

The
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (the FSMA is transforming the
United States food safety system by shifting the focus from responding to foodborne illness to preventing it. According to the
recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, approximately 48 million people in the United States get sick each year
from foodborne diseases. We believe this is a significant public health burden that is largely preventable. Since 2011, the FDA has had
a legislative mandate to require comprehensive, science-based preventive controls across the food supply. In the context of fresh produce
at packing houses, the FDA s final produce safety rule (with an initial compliance date of January 26, 2018) provides for the use
of sanitizers to ensure produce is cleaned from human pathogens. 

4 

In
addition, most conventional chemical pesticides (fungicides), which are currently used to protect fresh produce from microbial spoilage
and reduce food waste, are potentially toxic, they remain on fruit peel and present health concerns, while also polluting the environment.
Therefore, the use of these products is strictly regulated and their residue on food and on the environment are carefully monitored.
Today s trends led by both consumers and regulatory bodies are to significantly reduce the use of fungicides and switch to greener
solutions. In a series of studies conducted in collaboration with a large post-harvest service company during the second quarter of 2020,
our products have shown impressive results in extending the shelf life of fresh produce in organic (where no fungicides
are used at the post-harvest stage) and conventional (where fungicides are being used at the post-harvest stage) settings. On average,
our products may reduce the rotten fruits at the retail level by 50 . 

We
have a unique opportunity to make a positive difference throughout the food value chain from field to fork and address two of the major s
challenges in the food industry today - safety and waste. We target major markets that use conventional chemical pesticides and sanitizers,
including the pre- and post-harvest market, the greenhouse market and the fresh-cut market, where our green treatments
are used as alternatives for, or mixed with, conventional products in order to reduce (i) health and environmental concerns, and/or (ii)
microbial resistance that has reduced the efficacy of conventional chemical pesticides. 

Recent
Developments 

Commercial
Activity 

On
September 14, 2022, we announced the commercial adoption of our eco-crop protection solution by Mexican lime packers following the successful
completion of several pilot programs in Veracruz, Mexico. 

On
August 12, 2022, we announced the initiation of seven commercial pilots with leading Peruvian exporters, such as Agricola Cerro Prieto
 and another multinational packer. The pilots are designed to evaluate the impact of Save Foods innovative solutions on avocados,
berries and citrus fruits. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have received certain of the pilot results and expect to conduct
further pilots during the second half of 2023, which if successful, may provide us with new commercial customers. 

On
March 21, 2022, we announced that Israeli packer, Rafkor Ltd., became a commercial customer of ours after successful pilot results showed
a reduction of 60 in pear loss. Rafkor treats approximately 40 of pears grown in Israel. 

On
February 7, 2022, we announced that Mehadrin Tnuport Export L.P. began using our solution in their citrus packing houses. Mehadrin is
Israel s largest grower and exporter of citrus produce, a well-known distributor for major retailers in Europe, North America and
Asia, and a global supplier of Jaffa brand oranges. 

On
January 24, 2022, we announced that following a series of successful trials, Galilee Export asked each of its suppliers to apply our
solutions to all bell peppers in Galilee Export s supply chain. Galilee Export is the second largest exporter of fruit and vegetables
in Israel, with sales of over 200 million a year. Thereafter, on February 23, 2022, Galilee Export announced it began using our solution
on all of its avocados, after Galilee Export reported to us that our solution kept its avocados fresh and in good condition for up to
twice as long compared to conventionally treated produce. 

Underwritten
Offering 

On
August 15, 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement with ThinkEquity LLC, as representative (the Representative ),
of the several underwriters named therein, relating to our public offering of 1,600,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the Common Stock ), at a public offering price of 3.00 per share (the Offering ). The Offering
closed on August 18, 2022. 

5 

The
shares of Common Stock in the Offering were offered, issued and sold under a prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on August 17, 2022, in connection with a takedown from our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266159),
which became effective on July 22, 2022. In connection with the Offering, we agreed to issue to the Representative a warrant (the Representative
Warrant to purchase up to 5 of the shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering. The Representative Warrant is exercisable, in
whole or in part, at a per share exercise price of 3.75, which is equal to 125 of the public offering price per share of Common Stock.
The Representative Warrant will be exercisable commencing on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following August 15, 2022
and will expire on August 15, 2027. 

Key
Regulatory Approvals 

On
June 9, 2022, we announced that our SaveProtect Organic crop solution, used for extending the shelf life of fresh fruits and vegetables,
was listed by the Organic Materials Review Institute OMRI ), an international non-profit organization that
provides an independent review of products that are intended for use in certified organic production and processing. OMRI Listed 
products may be used in certified organic production and processing under the United States Department of Agriculture USDA National Organic Program. 

On
February 17, 2022, we announced that our products are now registered by NSF International, a leading global independent public health
and safety organization. Products with an NSF certification mark meet all standard requirements, and undergo testing and regular inspections
to check they continue to comply with the standard. The mark confirms that a product has been impartially reviewed and that labeling
and claims have been objectively verified. 

Strategic
Changes and Cost Reduction Measures 

In
December 2022, our board of directors resolved to implement certain cost reduction measures in light of the challenging economic
macroeconomic conditions and certain observations made on the basis of our results of operations during 2022. In connection
therewith, our board of directors instructed management of Save Foods Ltd. to reduce its headcount, including at the managerial
level. We have reduced our full-time employee headcount and anticipate additional and related cuts during the remainder of 2023.
Furthermore, following such cost reduction measures, we decided to reduce our research and development expenses by changing our
strategic focus to the commercialization of our products and the conversion of completed pilots into
paying customers. 

Industry
Overview and Market Opportunity 

Background 

The
world s population is expected to grow to almost 10 billion people by 2050, boosting agricultural demand by some 50 . Providing
healthy and safe food to feed the world s population is one of the biggest challenges of the twenty first century, accentuated
with the backdrop of a fragile global economy. Globally, around one-third of the food produced (estimated at circa 1.3 billion tons),
is lost or wasted along the food chain - from production to consumption. 

6 

Fruits
and vegetables are considered essential food commodities and demonstrate their best benefits when consumed fresh. Consumption as well
as production of fresh fruit and vegetables is growing globally; in 2020, the global production of fresh fruit amounted to about 887
million tons, while the production of fresh vegetable amounted to about 1.09 billion tons (2018). According to a report published by
Technavio in October 2020, the fresh food market size has the potential to grow by 337.76 million tons from 2020 to 2024, growing at
a compound annual growth rate CAGR of almost 3 during the forecast period, and the market s growth momentum will accelerate during the forecast period due
to the steady increase in year-over-year growth. In the United States, according to a report by Grand View Research, increasing health
awareness among the U.S. population and potential development of secondary diseases due to obesity and unhealthy eating habits are propelling
the market of fruit and vegetables to reach an estimated 1.1 billion by 2025. 

Food
Safety and Food Loss 

Food
Safety 

We
believe foodborne diseases are a significant public health concern globally. Hundreds of diseases are caused by eating contaminated food.
Many diseases are spread through unwashed or untreated produce. With approximately 48 million people in the United States (one in six)
getting sick, 128,000 hospitalized, and 3,000 die each year from foodborne diseases, according to recent data published by the FDA, and
23 million in the European region getting sick due to food borne disease, food safety is another major concern and source of waste, placing
a material burden on public health and significant healthcare cost. The economic burden of foodborne illness has been estimated to be
as high as 90 billion annually. 

When
considering the farm-to-fork chain, microbial contamination of fresh produce can occur at multiple steps. Contamination can take place
during the cultivation of fresh produce, at harvest, during preparation/washing, within distribution chains and transport to shops, and
even at the final step in the consumers kitchen. We believe this is a significant public health burden that is largely preventable.
The FSMA is transforming the United States food safety system by shifting the focus from responding to foodborne illness to preventing
it. The Produce Safety rule of the FSMA establishes, for the first time, science-based minimum standards for the safe growing, harvesting,
packing, and holding of fruits and vegetables grown for human consumption. The final rule went into effect on January 26, 2016. Sanitization
is a cornerstone of FSMA compliance, which requires preventing or eliminating food safety hazards or reducing such hazards to a minimal
level. 

Markets
require many types of produce to be washed prior to sale in order to remove dirt and other debris. Produce can be contaminated with foodborne
pathogens before it enters the packing house, and these pathogens cannot be seen with the naked eye. Inability to visually spot pathogens
makes the washing step one of the most important steps in packing because, if washing process is not controlled, it can become a source
of cross-contamination (when foodborne pathogens fall off contaminated produce into the water where they can contaminate more produce).
These washing steps are defined by the packing house safety managers as critical point because water mixed with organic materials are
good conditions for pathogens to develop. Therefore, the use of sanitizers should be introduced during the washing step because they
are, most of the time, one of the last solutions applied before the produce meets the consumer. Sanitizers are designed to inactivate/kill
any bacteria in the water, drastically reducing the possibility of cross-contamination. We believe this represents a significant opportunity
for us. 

7 

Food
Loss 

The
Food and Agriculture Organization of United Nations predicts that about one-third of the food produced globally is wasted or lost every
year. Approximately 644 million tons of fruits and vegetables are thrown away each year (representing 42 of the total food wasted every
year). A report published in April 2020, generated by the European Innovation Partnership Agricultural Productivity and Sustainability,
estimates that in Europe an estimated 9 million tons of food is lost at the production stage (farm), while up to 16.9 million tons are
lost at the processing stage (packing houses, etc.). 

Much
of this loss is caused by spoilage, which can be caused by microorganisms - primarily fungi and mold. In addition, mold and fungi represent
the highest numbers of incidents of post-harvest microbial diseases in fresh produce worldwide. Taken together, it is estimated that
nearly a third of all food grown is lost between the time that it is grown and harvested and the time that it is packaged for retail
sale. Such waste equates to roughly 680 billion in industrialized countries and 310 billion in developing countries. 

Post-harvest
losses due to spoilage represent a significant problem along the supply chain and lead to profit losses in the millions. The main causes
of these losses are pest or disease infestation and incorrect storage conditions, which lead to rotting or loss of fresh mass. Fruits
and vegetables are largely damaged after harvest by fungi and other pathogens. It is estimated that an average of 45 of harvested fruit
and vegetables are lost globally. Post-harvest diseases have been identified as the greatest cause of post-harvest losses in fruits and
vegetables, causing significant economic losses. It is estimated that approximately 20 to 25 of the fruit and vegetables harvested are
lost due to microbial spoilage during post-harvest handling in developed countries. Furthermore, the demand for fresh fruits and vegetables,
especially exotic tropical fruit has contributed to the demand for post-harvest treatments to increase shelf life and maintain quality,
resulting in more efficient export trade. 

Today,
the most common way to protect fresh produce and prevent loss is the use of hazardous chemicals such as fungicides in post-harvest applications.
Post-harvest diseases are generally controlled by fungicides. Systemic (non-organic) fungicides, are one of the most commonly used fungicides,
for example, non-organic citrus fruits are completely covered by the fungicides, and the residue is persistent for the life of the fruit
providing protection. However, as they tend to affect a single biochemical pathway within the pathogen, fungi may readily develop resistance
to systemic fungicides. To avoid potential issues with resistance, maximum concentration of fungicides will be generally used to ensure
highly efficient eradication of the targeted pathogen which leaves high residue level on the treated produce. Such high concentration
levels may have severe negative effects on human health, and the environment mainly due to the carcinogenic and/or teratogenic properties
of the compounds, and by their cumulative toxic effects. 

8 

The
effects of exposure to these hazardous chemicals on humans and the environment are a continuing concern as they are intrinsically toxic
and pollute the environment through wastewater discharge from the packing house or a discarded fruit. Therefore, the agricultural use
of certain pesticides (in the field or in the packing house) has been significantly reduced or abandoned in some countries leaving the
growers with significant challenges. 

To
control and monitor the potential negative impacts pesticides might have over time, regulatory agencies that regulate pesticides -
for example, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), the Pest Management Authority Agency in Canada, and the European
Food Safety Authority EFSA in Europe, have defined a maximum residue level (the MRL that can be
present on the treated produce. Additionally, more countries require an MRL for the commodity to be imported into their country. As
there is increased awareness regarding compliance with MRLs, MRLs have become a much greater concern. These changes have also
impacted the market and we believe that consumers spearheaded this change by demanding organic or pesticide-free foods. Recently,
consumers have increasingly wanted to understand where and how their food is grown. Retailers and processors have capitalized on
what they view as an opportunity to offer more information to consumers. It is more common now for retailers and processors to ask
which products have been used on the commodities they are purchasing. There are also retailers and processors banning the use of
certain products, requiring any residues to be below the established MRLs. The reduction in MRLs results in lower efficacy of
fungicide and increased loss. 

We
believe that the rising demand for healthy food among the global population will trigger the market s growth in the forthcoming
years. Over the last decade, the organic market in Europe continued to grow and reached 40.7 billion in 2018 with 15.6 million
hectares (approximately 38,548,439 acres) (including 2.2 million hectares in Spain, the largest organic area in Europe, followed by 2.0
million hectares in France and 2.0 million hectares in Italy), providing farmers with further added value on their production. The strong
growth rates in both production and consumption indicate that the organic market has not yet reached its peak and further growth can
still be expected. Organic farming is already responding to further emerging consumer trends such as veganism and demand for locally
produced food products, turning these challenges into opportunities. 

As
consumer demand for organic fruits and vegetables is increasing globally and there is an increasing promotion by government organizations
for the adoption of environmentally friendly pesticides, the biorational pesticides market, estimated at 3.1 billion in the year 2022,
is projected to reach a revised size of 4.985 billion by 2028, growing at a CAGR of 8.2 during the forecast period 2022-2028. A biorational
pesticide is a term used to define any pesticide material that causes relatively no harm to humans or animals and does little or no damage
to the environment. We believe that our products could be defined as biorational products. 

The
global organic food market grew from 259.06 billion in 2022 to 294.54 billion in 2023 at a CAGR of 13.7 .
The organic food market is expected to grow from 512.01 billion in 2027 at a CAGR of 14.8 1 . In addition, strict regulations
have been imposed on the usage of pesticides and GMO-produced crops worldwide. This, in turn, has influenced consumer demand for organic
fruits and vegetables. 

1
 Organic Food Global Market Report 2023 

9 

Case
Study - Citrus Fruit 

Citrus
fruit, which represent one of the main fruits produced worldwide with more than 100 million tons produced worldwide, can be infected
by many fungal pathogens, and these pathogens can cause considerable losses during storage and transportation. Losses are mainly caused
by Penicillium digitatum, P. italicum, Aspergillus flavus and Alternaria alternata for citrus fruit. Post-harvest treatments such as
thiabendazole, imazalil, sodium ortho-phenil phenate or other active ingredients have been used for many years. They are currently the
most commonly used fungicides effective for controlling post-harvest fungal pathogens in citrus and they are used in citrus packing houses
to maintain fresh fruit, control post-harvest decay, and extend fruit shelf life. However, significant problems such as environmental
issues and health concerns have risen in the citrus industry due to chemical residues or the occurrence of pathogenic resistant strains
which require the use of even higher concentration of these post-harvest treatments. However, currently, the residues of imazalil on
citrus fruits is being revised by the European Commission. The EFSA put forward a proposal in 2018 to cut the MRL for imazalil from 5
milligrams per kilogram to 0.01 milligrams per kilogram, causing worry among Europe s main citrus producing countries and packers
exporting their produce to European countries. Due to the significant impact this proposal could have on the citrus industry, the European
Council has decided, in the meantime, to start reducing imazalil residues to four milligrams per kilogram for citrus fruit for a limited
period of time to allow the citrus industry an extra time to find green and safe alternatives. Our solutions have already shown its benefits
in reducing significantly the residues of imazalil while maintaining the produce shelf life. 

Current
Market Drivers and Trends 

In
addition to food safety and food waste concerns, the following market drivers are also shaping the food industry by setting standards
and conditions on the main actors in the industry: 

Focus
 of consumers on health characteristics : consumers are more aware and conscious of the health characteristics of the food
 they consume. Consumers pay more attention to the qualities of the fresh produce they buy. Particularly in the United States and
 Europe, products such as berries, avocados, mangoes, pomegranates, papayas and sweet potatoes are gaining popularity and considered
 super foods, and these products are showing a strong annual import growth of 10 to 20 . 

Increasing
 demand for organic produce : the demand for organic products is growing rapidly particularly in both Europe and North
 America, and is closely related to consumer interest in healthy and pure eating. While the increasing demand created potential for
 oversees supply, it can be challenging and expansive for exporters in tropical climates to comply with the increasingly demanding
 organic standards. 

Success
 of retailers determined by quality of produce : a recent report by Fruit Logistica published in 2019, based on consumer surveys
 that involved almost 7,000 consumers in 14 different markets across Europe and North America, demonstrated the increased importance
 of fresh produce for the profitability of food retailers. According to the report, when choosing the place to buy their groceries,
 consumers focus on the quality of the stores fresh food, with freshness of fruits and vegetable being their top priority.
 The report also showed that customers who are satisfied with the store s fresh food quality, would visit the store more frequently
 than those who are not. In addition, consumers are also willing to pay more for better-quality produce and their basked will be 4 
 larger. 

Promoting
 sustainability : a large range of sustainability aspects are directly related and affected by the fresh produce industry.
 Food waste accounts for 8 of global greenhouse gas emissions. Both consumers and businesses, are becoming more aware of the growing
 importance of sustainability issues. As consumers increasingly embrace social causes, they seek products and brands that align with
 their values. According to a recent analysis published by Research Insights, nearly 6 in 10 consumers surveyed are willing to change
 their shopping habits to reduce environmental impact, nearly 8 in 10 respondents indicated sustainability is important for them,
 and among those respondents that indicated that sustainability is very or extremely important, over 70 indicated that they would
 pay a premium of 35 , on average, for brands that are sustainable and environmentally responsible. Increasing number of companies
 in the fresh food sector are investing in sustainability. Survey conducted by Champions 12.3 in 2017 showed that 99 of businesses
 that invested in reduction of food loss and waste, received a net positive financial return. Primary production companies are investing
 in aspects of food losses, energy efficiency and carbon footprint, through innovations such as drying produce, on-farm and off-grid
 cold rooms and post-harvest treatments. 

10 

Food
 retailers seek to reduce their waste and maximize their revenues : more than eight million tons of food are wasted every year
 in the United States in the retail sector alone, which translates into 18 billion in lost value (cost of waste) every year. Some
 retailers, including Walmart, have already committed to implement a zero-waste policy by 2025. Prevention solutions across the retail
 value chain offer the highest returns to retailers and are growing the fastest. 

Regulators
 are promoting the use of safer chemical-based product : for example, the EPA offers a Safer Choice label that
 product manufacturers may use on qualifying products to help consumers and commercial buyers identify products with safer chemical
 ingredients. The EPA requires that every chemical, regardless of percentage, in a Safer Choice-certified product is evaluated and
 allows only the safest ingredients. 

Increasing
 investment in foodtech and agritech companies : according to a recent report published by AgFunder, a venture capital
 firm active in the foodtech and agritech, startups developing agri-food tech solutions and products, raised approximately 51.7 billion
 into agrifood technologies in 2021; an 85 increase over 2020 2 . Reduction of food waste, extension of the shelf life
 of fresh produce and reduction of the use of pesticides are main focus of the industry and many companies are addressing these objectives,
 including: 

The
increased consumption of fruits and vegetables in combination with the current regulation and consumers demand for healthier food
has placed a greater burden on the fresh produce industry to provide food products that are fresher in quality, demonstrate an extended
shelf life and are safer to consume. 

The
aforementioned changes provide a unique opportunity for us to introduce our products and solutions. We are aiming to become a significant
player in post-harvest green produce treatment, fully responsive to the world s ongoing change in fruit and vegetables consumption,
food safety requirements as well as regulations and consumer demand to eliminate the use of hazardous chemicals. 

Our
Core Products and Solutions 

Our
innovative products address what we believe to be two of the most significant challenges in the food industry: food safety promotion
and food loss reduction. Our main product lines consist of a proprietary blend of organic food acids applied in pre- and post-harvest
applications, which is designed to work together with an oxidizing agent (Save Foods solution) in order to improve food safety and increase
fruit and vegetable shelf life by reducing microbial spoilage. 

In
pre-harvest application, our solutions could be applied several times up to 24 hours prior to the harvest. In post-harvest applications,
the main steps are cleaning, sanitization and coating (wax). Our solutions address the cleaning and sanitization application points which
are the critical first steps for preserving the quality of fresh produce by controlling microbial contamination related to food safety
(e.g., Listeria, Salmonella, E. coli) and food loss due to microbial spoilage (e.g., fungi, mold and yeast). In general, the current
process includes an initial washing step to remove soil and other debris, which improves the product appearance and lowers the product
temperature. The next step includes sanitation or disinfection methods combined with fungicides that can further reduce the presence
and prevent the transfer of spoilage and pathogenic microorganisms on fresh produce surfaces. The last step usually includes application
of wax sometimes combined with an additional application of fungicides to prevent or reduce physiological changes and risks of spoilage.
Our main products and solutions are applied at the cleaning and sanitization steps. 

One
of the main advantages of our solutions based on our food acid blend is its non-toxic residues that are providing protection to the treated
produce. And we believe that all the blend ingredients are recognized by the FDA as GRAS when used as intended in fruit
and vegetable wash applications . Moreover, they significantly reduce or eliminate the need for additional post-harvest applications
with conventional fungicide by at least 50 , and in some cases entirely, and can reduce food waste due to spoilage by up to 50 (see
results below on easy peelers and mango) at the retail level. 

2
 2022 AgFunder AgriFoodTech Investment Report 

11 

Our
main products are SavePROTECT or PeroStar , which are an application added to fruit and vegetable wash water as a processing aid
to peracetic acid (oxidizing agent) to increase its efficiency against plant pathogens and reduce produce loss. 

Processing
Aids - SavePROTECT or PeroStar 

Processing
aids are products that are intended to be used with other products to aid the application or enhance the effect of that product. Save
Foods processing aids, which are marketed as SavePROTECT in the Americas and PeroStar in the rest of the world, are based on our proprietary
blend of food acids and are added to the wash water at the cleaning and sanitization stages simultaneously with a low concentration of
peracetic acid PAA ), the active agent. This food acid blend serves several functions: 

SavePROTECT/PeroStar
 keeps the process wash waters at a relatively low stable pH level. We have observed that low pH levels strengthen the effectiveness
 of the PAA and the fungicide used which result in increased sanitation and biocide activity; 

PAA-based
 products are used as disinfectant in wash water. When used with PAA-based products, SavePROTECT/PeroStar may optimize the efficacy
 of PAA and eliminates the strong odor of PAA, creating a more friendly and safe working environment; 

When
 used with fungicides, including imidazole, imazalil, thiabendazole, etc. - most commonly used fungicides - SavePROTECT/PeroStar may
 optimize the efficacy of the fungicides used and prevent resistance buildup; 

SavePROTECT/PeroStar
 helps to clean the fruit surface and can improve the performance of the wax applied leading to an improved appearance of treated
 fruit by leaving a glossy finish on the outer skin of the fruit; and 

SavePROTECT/PeroStar
 helps to extend shelf life. 

During
2020, we ran a series of proof of concept and small trials in collaboration with commercial partners on pears, avocado, easy peelers,
lime, mango, bell pepper, lemons, fresh cut vegetables and figs. During 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, we initiated a proof of concept
in bananas, lychee, berries, pomegranate, broccoli, tomato and eggplant. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, we have expanded our footprint
to additional countries that are facing export challenges to Europe such as Peru, Turkey, South Africa and Mexico. As of December 31,
2022, we fully commercialized our solution with respect to easy peelers, lime, bell peppers, dates and avocado. 

Results
on Berries 

Berries
are easily perishable and maintaining fresh quality after harvest depends on proper handling, transportation, and storage. If berries
are not properly handled during and after the harvest, they lose nutritional and monetary value. 

Strawberries,
raspberries, black raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries are picked fully ripe for best appearance and eating quality. Because they
are so delicate and easily damaged, they are usually picked directly into final containers to minimize handling, so grading and sorting
of damaged or decaying fruit happens as the crop is picked. Even when they are handled under optimal harvesting temperature and humidity
conditions, their shelf life is still short compared to most fruits and vegetables. Finally, even though it is common knowledge that
consumers should be washing the berries before consuming them, this doesn t always happen. That makes farm food safety procedures
crucial to minimize the risk of spreading foodborne pathogens. 

12 

During
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021, and the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, we began working with raspberries and strawberries
producers to apply our solutions with the goal to extend their shelf life. The results of the trials have shown that for raspberries,
our solutions have reclaimed 80 of the raspberries that would otherwise have gone to waste. The trial pushed the boundaries of the raspberries 
shelf life, with 10 days in cold storage and three more days at room temperature, after which three times as many berries were viable
to be sold. For strawberries, our treatments have shown a waste reduction of 85 after 15 days. 

In
addition, after successful pilots on raspberries and strawberries, we decided to conduct a pilot on blueberries in February 2022. In
most cases, there are no known treatments for disinfection or post-harvest pathogen prevention in blueberries. The experiment simulated
long shipment of blueberries in cold storage for one month. The results demonstrated that our solution protected blueberries from pathogens 
contamination and, subsequently, extended their shelf life by seven days. 

13 

Results
on Avocado 

During
September 2021, we began a commercial pilot with Milopri, the avocado packer of Galilee Export, to evaluate Save Foods solution
on avocados. While our application was applied on the packing line, boxes of avocado were put aside for shelf-life evaluation. After
16 days at room temperature, the avocado treated with our solution showed the lowest percentage of decay resulting in two times more
avocado available for consumption. 

Following
this successful commercial pilot, Milopri fully adopted and implemented our solutions by August 2022 with the intention to be ready for
the 2022 - 2023 avocado season, which began in September 2022 and is expected to end by the end of the second quarter of 2023. 

Results
on Bell-peppers 

The
Arava region in southern Israel produces approximately 60 of all the fresh vegetables that Israel exports, and bell peppers are its
leading exported vegetable. At the beginning of the bell pepper season (September 2021), we began commercial pilots in two large packing
houses in order to evaluate the benefits of our solution as applied to bell peppers. During September 2022, after successfully evaluating
our solutions, these two large packing houses began using our solutions as their commercial treatment. 

Our
solutions have shown a decay reduction compared to the current industry standards and have maintained the firmness of the bell pepper
overtime. While Israeli packers in the region are struggling to maintain a reasonable shelf life for their produce during the export
process, our solutions have shown a significant improvement in export performance. The foregoing pilot demonstrated that bell peppers,
after applying our solution, sustained 70 less decay after 28 days (23 days in cold storage and an additional five days at room temperature)
translating into 20 more bell peppers to sell and consume. The post-harvest team at the Central-and Northern-Arava Research and Development
center validated these results and the results were thereafter published in an Israeli local professional agriculture journal. 

14 

Results
on Easy Peelers 

Easy
peelers are citrus fruits that are easier to peel, such as tangerines, mandarins, satsumas, and clementines. As previously
described, imazalil is currently one of the most commonly used fungicide that is effective in controlling post-harvest fungal
pathogens in citrus. Currently, the residues of imazalil on citrus fruit is being revised by the European Commission and have
already been reduced, and this reduction poses challenges, especially to packing houses exporting to Europe. 

Between
February and June 2020, we collaborated with the Israeli branch of one of the largest worldwide post-harvest service companies to demonstrate
the safety and ability of PeroStar to meet the new requirement of reduced residue level of imazalil and efficiently control decay against
the most common pathogens attacking citrus fruit such as green mold (Penecillium digitatum) and sour rot (Geotrichum candidum). The experiment
simulated the applications in a packing house which tested the use of imazalil with and without our products. The reference used in the
trials to compare the results was the maximum amount of imazalil allowed and the current treatment in the packing house which is a combination
of PAA and imazalil as well as PAA alone to simulate treatment in organic settings. 

To
ensure the efficacy of the products, it is customary to deliberately infect the fruit with the target pathogen at a concentration of
around 10 and to inoculate it for 16 to 24 hours before applying the solution. Following the application, the fruit was stored in cold
storage for between 9 to 21 days and then stored in room temperature for shelf-life evaluation. 

During
these months, we ran a series of trials from small scale/lab test (between 350 to 500 fruits per trial) to semi-commercial application
(more than 1000 fruits per trial). The semi-commercial pilots were run in Ashkelon, Israel on the packing line of Mehadrin in Israel,
a well-know and recognized citrus packer. From January 2022 until January 2023, Mehadrin was applying our solutions on produce in one
of its packing-lines in Ashkelon, Israel, in which Mehadrin had reported a reduction of 50 of pesticide usage. Due to technical reasons,
our commercial implementation with Mehadrin recently transitioned to a packing-line in Netanya, Israel, for additional pilots. 

The
results of the trials have shown that PeroStar significantly reduced the need for additional post-harvest applications with imazalil
by at least 50 , and in some cases entirely while improving the fruit shelf life, reducing waste). In addition, the use of PeroStar allows
the packing house to meet the new limitations of imazalil utilization as well as meet its goal to apply greener and safer products (see
graph below). 

15 

Results
on Mangos 

We
recently tested our PeroStar on mangos in collaboration with the Israeli-based Volcani Center for Agricultural Research. The goal of
the test was to evaluate the effectiveness of PeroStar in preventing decay in harvested mangos in comparison with fludioxonil. Fludioxonil
is a fungicide that is commercially available in Israel at a level of 250 to 300 parts per million. Fludioxonil is deemed to be an effective
fungicide against fungi that attack the mango post-harvest, yet there is a growing need for greener solutions, given Fludioxonil s
level of toxicity. 

Mangos
were stored for three weeks after treatment at 12 C and an additional week of shelf life at 20 C in what would typically simulate
a mango crate shipment to Europe and retailers in similarly distanced markets. 

Results
after evaluation have shown us that the treatment with PeroStar, improved the biocide activity of the PAA, which resulted in a reduction
in both side decay and stem-end rot (common pathogens in mango) leading to an extended shelf life with no use of fungicide (as demonstrated
in the picture below). In addition, the results also showed that the combination of PeroStar with a low concentration of fludioxonil
reduced the post-harvest decay to zero. The results (as presented in the graph below) demonstrate that applying PeroStar enables mango
producers to achieve an improved shelf life of produce compared to the current solution while reducing the use of conventional chemical
pesticides. 

During
2022, an independent study, performed by Itay Noked, agronomist and independent researcher (M.Sc. Post-Harvest), showed that our solution
can extend the shelf life and freshness of mangos while virtually eliminating the use of post-harvest pesticides; after 21 days in storage
and 15 days on the shelf, twice as many mangos were still edible when compared to mangos that didn t undergo treatment, and 75 
less pesticides were used. 

Following
these pilots, a commercial application was performed with an Israeli mango packer, in which only 25 fungicide were used together with
our solution and compared to the current commercial application with 100 fungicide. Following such application, both batches of fruits
were sent to a leading fresh produce distributor in Europe, and both were successfully distributed, demonstrating that our solutions help
reduce up to 75 of the applied fungicide. We expect to start our commercial activities during the upcoming mango season in 2023. 

16 

Results
on Limes 

Following
a successful pilot in Mexico on Persian lime (where SavePROTECT has reduced to zero the fruit decay after 21 days as shown in the graph
below), the packing house bought its first batch to start its utilization of our product. Thereafter, and beginning in June 2021, the
packing house began applying our solution to all of its packing facilities in Mexico. 

17 

Based
on these results, food retailers may benefit from additional income of up to 126 per ton of limes assuming a conservative average price
of 3,000 per ton (based on an average price per pound lime of 1.49 in 2019), as presented in the graph below. 

The
European Union is a significant target market for our organic food acid blends because of strict regulations that are being imposed on
the use of pesticides and GMO-produced crops, as well as health conscious consumers who represent a growing demand for organic fruits
and vegetables. In August 2020, we submitted a regulatory dossier for our PeroStar as a processing aid to be used with PAA in Spain and
Italy, two of the largest fruit and vegetables producers in Europe. See Government Regulation and Product Approval 
below. 

Commercialization
Stage 

The
table below summarizes our commercialization efforts and activities as of February 2023. 

Easy peeler 
 Lime 
 Avocado 
 Bell pepper 
 Lemon 
 Dates 
 Pears 
 
 California, USA 
 v 

Israel 
 v 
 
 v 
 v 
 v 
 v 
 v 
 
 Mexico 
 
 v 

Turkey 
 v 

v 

Sanitizer
 SF3HS or SF3H 

Post-harvest
sanitizers are considered a pesticide and regulated by the EPA in the United States. The EPA will review toxicity data and results from
tests to show how well the product kills bacteria to determine if the product should be approved. See Government Regulation
and Product Approval below. 

This
sub-category of products is based on our proprietary blend of food acids combined with hydrogen peroxide as the oxizider and includes
SF3HS and SF3H. We believe that this category of products will be an improved sanitizer as compared to traditional sanitizers. SF3HS
and SF3H are public health antimicrobial pesticide products that bear a claim to control by at least a 3 log10 reduction (99.9 pest
microorganisms that pose a threat to human health (foodborne pathogens), and whose presence cannot readily be observed by the consumer. 

After
we have finalized our toxicological studies, we conducted a series of microbial trials in laboratories in both the United States and
Israel in non-Good Laboratory Practice settings in order to evaluate the efficacy of SF3H as an antimicrobial
agent to reduce foodborne pathogenic bacteria in processing water for fruit and vegetables. We used a modification of the
Association of Official Agricultural Chemists Germicidal and Detergent Sanitizing Action of Disinfectants method and test protocol EN1276
(European standard for the evaluation of chemical disinfectant or antiseptic for bactericidal activity). The tested organisms are Listeria
monocytogenes, Salmonella enterica and Escherichia coli O157:H7. 

18 

The
last test was performed by Analytical Lab Group on a mix culture of Listeria monocytogenes with an exposure time of 30 seconds. The results
showed more than 99.99999 (>7.51 Log10) reduction. In Israel, the tests were performed by the Institute for Food Microbiology and
Consumer Good Health on a single strain for each pathogen (Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella typhimurium and E. coli) with exposure
time of 30 seconds and the results have shown between 99.99 to 99.9999 reduction. Exposure time is a key parameter in sanitization
process, therefore allowing a short contact time is a significant advantage over the competition where the current minimum contact time
available is 45 seconds. 

Following
the advice of our board of Directors, we recently decided to postpone our GLP efficacy studies for the time being in order to concentrate
our efforts on the commercialization of our adjuvant, SavePROTECT/ PeroStar solutions. 

Results
on Avocados (food safety) 

We
have tested the efficacy of our SF3H and SF3HS products against Listeria on 40 avocados of which 10 avocados were treated with our SF3H
and SF3HS products. The peel of the avocado was punctured and infected with high level of Listeria. The results have shown a 99.99 reduction
within fifteen seconds of exposure time. In addition, we have also tested the efficacy of SF3H on avocado s shelf life compared
to current treatments (12 avocados per treatment). The results (demonstrated below) show that after 18 days in room temperature the treated
avocados display material reduction in microbial spoilage as compared to avocados treated with water and chlorine, a well-known sanitizer. 

Results
on Microgreens (food safety) 

An
increasing number of studies point to the growing demand for locally sourced, organic vegetables. Various types of young vegetables, 
such as sprouts, microgreens and baby greens, are becoming increasingly popular due to their high nutritional value. Microgreens are
deemed premium products and command higher retail value. They also belong to a group of functional foods and have high
levels of bioactive compounds, while requiring less water and energy to grow, which they do year-round. Currently, microgreens are largely
being cultivated in major greenhouses across the United States. According to Agrilyst, an agro-intelligence platform, greenhouse cultivation
of microgreens was the highest in South and Northeast regions, each accounting for 71 and 59 in 2017. While consumers in the United
States are more focused on growing leafy greens and microgreens than any other vegetables. 

We
have tested the efficacy of our SF3H products to control and prevent potential pathogen contamination on microherbs (pea and sorrel)
produced by Israeli-based microgreens exporter 2BFresh. Our treatment combined a post-harvest spray application and a fogging treatment
to be used in the cooldown storage room. In order to determine the efficacy of the product, 25 swabs were taken across 18 trays (nine
of each microgreen species). The results showed more than 90 reduction of the total bacterial load post-treatment. 

We
believe that our SF3HS and SF3H provide improved sanitization of bacteria (including E. coli, Salmonella and Listeria) while leaving
no toxic residues on fruits and vegetables. 

We
expect the first commercialization of SF3H and SF3HS at the earliest by the end of -2025. 

Other
Products 

Our
product portfolio also includes the SpuDefender and FreshProtect . 

SpuDefender 

SpuDefender
is one of our EPA-registered products which targets and is designed to control the post-harvest potato sprout. Due to the European Commission s
decision on January 1, 2020, to no longer allow the use of the herbicide chlorpropham (the CIPC ), the post-harvest potato
industry is looking for new solutions. For over 50 years, CIPC was widely used as a sprout suppressing agrochemical agent applied to
potatoes that were stored in processing facilities. 

19 

Following
recent discussions with post-harvest experts and potential customers, we believe we should concentrate our efforts on the commercialization
of our adjuvants. Furthermore, we believe that our SpuDefender product may offer a successful alternative to CIPC. We intend to initiate
pilot tests with potential customers to treat potatoes pre-storage (three to six months storage in average) in 2024. 

FreshProtect 

FreshProtect
is our second EPA registered product, which targets and is designed to control spoilage-creating microorganisms on post-harvest citrus
fruit. The registered label of the product only allows us to market and sell FreshProtect in the United States (excluding California).
However, we believe that FreshProtect has a significant potential in reducing the bacterial load entering the packing house in the pre-harvest
market. The non-toxicity of FreshProtect allows its application up to the day of harvest (0-day pre-harvest interval), which is critical
to prolong crop protection and reduce microbial spoilage. 

We
recently ran a proof-of-concept study under a controlled group environment of different plant fungi responsible for decay which showed
promising initial results. 

Recently,
Dr. Jim Adaskaveg, Professor at the Microbiology and Plant Pathology Department at the University of California, Riverside, reported
the completion of several successful field trials with FreshProtect on citrus trees where he demonstrated a significant reduction of
decay in treated fruit and a reduction in bacterial populations. 

The
main conclusions of the trials were that FreshProtect with concentration of 1 and 2 applied at 400 gallons per acre materially reduced
sour-rot on inoculated fruit. While both rates were also effective against fruit inoculated with P. digitatum , (i.e., fungus found
in the soil of citrus-producing areas and major source of post-harvest decay), the 2 concentration of FreshProtect demonstrated significantly
more efficacy at reducing sour-rot. Natural incidence of Penicillium spp. (a family of fungi) was also reduced on fruit inoculated
with G. candidum , fungus that is a member of the human microbiome. 

Furthermore,
FreshProtect can be used in combination with several different kinds of pesticides and fertilizers which allows the application of more
than one pesticide at once. This in turn reduces cost and facilitates implementation. The graph below summarizes these results: 

The
regulation for pre-harvest (in the field) application especially in California as well as in Israel may take more time than post-harvest
application due the potential impact on the environment. We submitted the pre-harvest regulatory dossier on January 2023 in the US.
In parallel, we started to run additional pilots in Israel with potential strategic partners in order for them to evaluate and validate
the potential of FreshProtect for the pre-harvest market. We expect the registration of the product in the U.S. by the end of 2023. Once
registered at the EPA level, we would be able to start the registration in California. 

20 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe that our main strengths include: 

Strong
 Management Team with Commitment to Green Products . Led by an experienced team in developing products and solutions for the agriculture industry, we plan on becoming a significant player in providing consumers with healthy
 and green fresh produce from farm to fork while endeavoring to ensure food safety and reducing food waste. We believe that our proprietary
 blend of food acids provides protection to the treated produce and works in synergy with well-known fungicides and sanitizers. This
 synergy allows us to significantly reduce the concentration of the fungicides that are heavily regulated in several countries and,
 in certain countries, outright banned and meet the food trends of sustainable and green produce. 

Multi-Purpose
 Products that Simplify Crop Treatment Routine and Save Money . While most chemicals marketed in the industry address
 either food safety or food waste, our multi-purpose solution are intended to provide a solution for both problems, while simplifying
 crop treatment and achieving cost saving. Our solutions are capable of cleaning and controlling pathogens that would otherwise render
 fresh produce as unsafe for human consumption. Our proprietary blend of food acids combined with well-known sanitizers are very efficient
 against foodborne pathogens like E. coli, Salmonella and Listeria as well as plant pathogens in short contact time (99.999 reduction
 within 30 seconds of contact). In addition, with multipurpose products, there is no need to order, ship or dispose of bottles of
 product, resulting in less energy consumed, less CO2, less fuel, and less waste. We believe our focus on natural product chemistries
 will allow us to continually drive lower costs, higher product gross margins and efficacy through longer shelf life and reduction
 of food waste. 

Strong
 Intellectual Property Portfolio . We believe that we have built a strong intellectual property position throughout the food
 chain (from field to fork) as our patents claim compositions and methods that can be used to protect food and agricultural products
 from decay. We rely on a combination of important intellectual property assets, to protect our innovation. Our employees, consultants,
 customers, and vendors are subject to confidentiality agreements that protect our proprietary manufacturing processes. Our patent
 portfolio includes granted patents in the United States, Europe, and Israel, as well as several priority applications, across several
 patent families, including composition-of-matter claims, methods of use claims, including for treating edible matter, for improving
 the appearance of edible plant matter, and sterilization methods, as well as for articles for implementing these methods. These patents
 directly protect a proprietary method for extending life shelf and reducing edible matter from microbial decay. 

Commercially
 Available Products and Seamless Implementation . One of the oxidizers being used with our products is PAA, a well-known and
 widely used sanitizer. Following the enforcement of the FSMA in connection with the use of sanitizers, more and more packers have
 been choosing this healthy and eco-friendly sanitizer over chlorine, and this choice facilitates implementation of our products.
 In addition, the application of our products does not require special equipment as they are used in combination with or replace existing
 products applied on the packing line or in the mix tank in the field. This allows a relatively cheap, seamless and fast implementation. 

Significant
 Reduction of Hazardous Chemicals Food Residue . All the ingredients in our blend of food acids are recognized by the
 FDA as GRAS when used as intended in fruit and vegetable wash applications, while oxidizers we use such as hydrogen peroxide rapidly
 decompose into water and oxygen. The absence of toxicological residues not only improves food quality but also promotes occupational
 safety for the employees of packing houses, contributing to a friendlier and safer working environment. 

21 

Our
Strategy 

In
September 2018, we changed our organizational structure and management team. After reviewing the then existing strategy and results of
operation, as well as examining the market opportunities, the new management team decided to update our strategy, reduce the marketing
and sales of its existing products, and focus our efforts and financial resources in developing its next generation products. During
the years 2019 and 2020, we developed, validated and tested the efficacy of our next generation product - a blend of food acids - on
a variety of crops in small and large scale commercial pilots. During 2021, following the completion of certain successful pilots conducted
in 2020, we shifted our strategic focus to marketing, sales and overall commercialization of its products. 

Over
the course of 2022, we understood that working with global post-harvest service companies is challenging, especially when considering
that our solutions reduce or replace their lucrative products (fungicides) on the packing line. Furthermore, we concluded that the validation
of our solutions by these post-harvest service companies is long and required multiple pilots over several years. In addition, following
the positive results on berries, and taking into account the short shelf life and the lack of existing solutions, we decided to focus
our efforts on developing such solutions since a shorter shelf life may reduce our sale cycle and, accordingly, present greater market
opportunity. 

Therefore,
we have revised our strategy, to commercialize our products directly to leading packing houses and through strategic partnerships
with post-harvest service companies that work with local partners and/or distributors and focus more on produce that is significantly
improved by our solutions while shortening the evaluation period. Our ultimate goal is to eventually gain presence in a variety of businesses
compromising the food industry, including pre-harvest, post-harvest, retail and consumer businesses. 

In
order to achieve our goals, we intend to: 

Develop
 a Strong Marketing Message Around Promoting Safe Food While Avoiding Food Waste . We plan to brand our fresh produce with
 a chemical residues free seal of approval and we believe that like-minded fruit packers around the globe will seek
 to differentiate themselves from their competitors by obtaining this seal. 

Expand
 Our Activities to Include Focus on Various Berries. The berry market is virtually untapped and consists of very sensitive
 produce with limited shelf-life that stand to benefit from our solutions. Berries can be harvested several times throughout the course
 of the year and are considered to be a high value crop. 

Acquire
 or License Complementary Products and Technologies . We actively search for products and technologies that can enhance our
 portfolio and grow our business to address all the post-harvest treatments such as fruit coating products or technologies. 

Expand
 to Additional Produce and Geographies . Our plan is to focus first on key countries and regions with the largest markets for
 our crops, including Mexico, Israel, Turkey, Egypt, and key markets in the United States such as California. In
 the future, we are also planning to increase the variety of crops that can be treated with our products, to include produce
 such as apples, tomatoes, pomegranate, eggplant, broccoli, and papayas. 

Focus
 on Exportation to Europe. We plan to increase our focus on exports to Europe as EU regulations permit a limited use of fungicides.
 When taking into account these regulations, which are becoming increasingly difficult, and the long transportation time, there is
 a significant increase to the risk of produce decay. 

Leverage
 Our Products Through Collaborations . Our focus and expertise in the development of green products for the agritech industry
 and in post-harvest treatments allow us to be a partner of choice for other businesses looking for development partners and for larger
 companies wanting to leverage their product such as PAA into new combination products. For example, companies selling or owning fungicides,
 the MRL of which is being reduced, and that are working in synergy with our products are good partners. This type of collaboration
 could allow them to continue selling their product. 

22 

Selling
and Marketing 

Although
over the course of 2022, we ran over fifty successful pilots with potential commercial partners, we discovered that the sale cycle
is significantly longer than we had anticipated and noted it would take, on average, at least two seasons for our new solutions
to be fully implemented. 

Therefore,
to maximize our efforts during 2023, we optimized our marketing and sales strategy. We now concentrate our efforts first on high
value crops, such as avocado, mango, citrus, pears, various berries, dates and bell peppers, while targeting larger producing
countries in both the northern and southern hemispheres to overcome the seasonal effect. By March 2023, we expect to conduct pilots
in South and Central America, the United States, South Africa, Turkey, Egypt, and Israel, and we are exploring collaboration
opportunities in Morocco. In addition, to shorten the length of our pilots, we now aim to target fresh produce with a comparatively
shorter shelf life, including various berries. Over the next 12 months, we intend to focus mainly on following up with the pilots
performed during the last 18 months and convert them into full commercial applications. To facilitate our market penetration, we are
collaborating with local agents and experts in various jurisdictions, each of which has connections with packers and retailers on
the ground, which helps us bridge the language and cultural gaps. 

The
table below summarizes the market opportunities for selected produce in our target markets. 

Apples Pears 
 Avocado 
 Bananas 
 Berries 
 Bell pepper 
 Citrus 
 Lettuce chicory 
 Mango 
 Papaya 
 Tomatoes 
 
 Global Production of the Crop (in million ton) 1 
 109.2 
 6.8 
 115.9 
 10.1 
 35.3 
 63.5 
 27.0 
 52.5 
 13.4 
 181.1 
 
 Production of the Crop in the Company s Target Markets (in million ton) 2 
 19.4 
 3.9 
 17.6 
 4.2 
 9.6 
 19.0 
 7.5 
 7.7 
 1.7 
 51.4 
 
 Production of the Crop in the Company s Target Markets (in 
 18 
 58 
 15 
 42 
 27 
 30 
 28 
 15 
 13 
 28 

1. 
 Average
 global production for the years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. 

2. 
 Our
 general target markets include Chile, Colombia, Egypt, Israel, Italy, Mexico, Morocco, Peru, Philippines, South Africa, Spain,
 Thailand, Turkey and the United States. 

Turkey 

While
Turkey is not a member of the EU, the EU estimates that more than 42 percent of all Turkish exports go to EU member states, which will
soon be bound by stricter rules about the origin of their imports. Turkey s Ministry of Trade estimated that in 2020 the total
value of Turkish exports to the EU exceeded 120 billion. 

Since
August 2021, we have been working with a local post-harvest agent to introduce us to local Turkish packers. Our current focus in Turkey
is the citrus sector, and as of December 2021, we had three pilots ongoing with leading packers in Turkey. Following these pilots, Kalyoncu
began implementing our solution in their citrus line next to Mersin. 

We
are targeting additional citrus packing houses in Turkey, which we expect to be ready for the upcoming citrus season of 2022-2023. In
addition to citrus, we plan to commence a pilot of our treatment on bell peppers in Turkey. 

Mexico 

To
promote our activities in Mexico, we are collaborating with Agrinet S. A., an agritech consultancy firm with expertise in introducing
new products into Mexico. Agrinet has initiated a pilot program across Mexico to demonstrate the benefits of Save Foods solution. The
program included several packing house companies in Mexico that export mainly to the United States. In mid-2022, we decided, together
with Agrinet, that it would be economically advantageous to focus on sales with lime packing companies. 

23 

Following
successful pilots conducted between August and October of 2020 on Persian lime, SiCar, one of the largest packers of Persian lime in
Mexico, is now applying our solution in all of their packing houses in Mexico. Mexico is the largest producer of Persian limes. 

Israel 

During
January 2022, the beginning of the easy peeler season in Israel, Mehadrin, the largest citrus packing house in Israel, began using our
solution in their citrus packing houses. 

Over
the course of 2022, we ran additional pilots with large packing houses in Israel on pears, berries, pomegranate and tomatoes. Following
several successful pilots on pears, a leading Israeli pear packing company elected to use our solutions as their commercial applications
and plans to implement our solutions in its facilities by mid-2023. 

On
September 11, 2020, we signed a five-year exclusive distribution agreement with Safe-Pack Products Ltd., according to which we granted
Safe-Pack an exclusive right to resell, distribute, advertise, and market our products in the citrus industry in Israel and the Palestinian
territories. Following review and careful consideration, this agreement was not profitable for both parties as initially expected and
was mutually terminated in September 2022. 

United
States 

The
first market we target for the sale and distribution of SavePROTECT is the post-harvest citrus industry in the
State of California, which alone accounts for approximately 80 of all fruits and vegetables in the United States. 

Over
the last three years, we have treated more than 200,000 tons of citrus fruit with the different version of our SavePROTECT product. Under
the supervision of a world leading packing house to the citrus fruit industry, we evidenced SavePROTECT utility as having a good safety
profile, ensuring food safety and in controlling microbial spoilage. We plan to leverage this collaboration in order to further penetrate
the citrus based fruit packing industry, both in California and beyond. 

The
Post-harvest treatment market for fruits and vegetables, which is projected to grow from 1.5 billion in 2019 to 2.3 billion by 2026,
growing at a CAGR of 6.5 during the forecast period, is led globally by select companies, including DECCO U.S. Post-Harvest, Inc., (United
States), Pace International, (United States), Xeda International (France), John Bean Technologies (United States) and Agrofresh (United
States). 

During
October 2021, we secured the appropriate regulatory approvals and, accordingly, we plan to further penetrate this market for the upcoming
citrus season of 2022-2023. We currently focus on post-harvest treatment for the citrus industry (as well as mangos and avocados) in
addition to pilot studies with leading packers expected to begin in March-April 2023, to evaluate and validate the efficiency of our
solutions in their packing facilities. 

On
September 22, 2020, we entered into a non-exclusive commission agreement with Earthbound Technologies, LLC EBT for a
period of 12 months, according to which EBT will introduce us to potential clients, pre-approved by us (the Introduced Parties and will assist us in finalizing commercial agreements with the Introduced Parties. In consideration for its services, we agreed to pay
EBT 12.5 of the net revenues generated from the Introduced Parties (during the agreement period and within 18 months following the termination
of the agreement) up to a total aggregated amount of 2,000,000, provided that the compensation shall not exceed 25 of our gross profit
under the given commercial agreement signed with the Introduced Party. In addition, in the event that the aggregated net revenues generated
from the Introduced Parties exceeds 500,000, and subject to the approval of our board of directors, we will issue to EBT 7,143 options
to purchase 7,143 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 8.4 per share. In the event that certain additional events detailed
in the agreement occur, we will also issue to EBT, subject to the approval of our board of directors, an additional 7,143 options to
purchase 7,143 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 8.4 per share. Until the date hereof, we have paid EBT an aggregate of
 18,271 for the year 2022, there were no issuances of shares or options. 

24 

Spain 

Following
a collaboration with one of the world s leading post-harvest treatment service vendors in Spain during 2020, in which we examined
our product on citrus fruit, we began the registration process of our product, PeroStar. We believe our product could be an improved
alternative to current fungicides that will soon be significantly reduced in this market. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on patents and trade secret protection laws to protect our proprietary products and intellectual property. We entered into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, customers, service providers and vendors that cover, inter alia, our technology and proprietary
manufacturing processes. 

As
of the date hereof, we own ten issued patents, and one allowed patent application, all which help protect our technology. These patents
were granted in Israel, the United States and Europe and are valid until between 2031 and 2041. In addition, eleven further patent applications
are also pending in the various stages. 

Compositions
and Methods of Treating Edible Matter and Substrates Therefor 

This
patent family includes granted patents in the United States, Israel, and an allowed application in Europe and is directed to a method
for protecting edible matter from decay by applying to the edible matter a disinfecting composition containing, among other things, (1)
phosphonic or phosphoric acid, (2) a carboxylic acid, (3) performic acid, (4) a performic acid source (such as formic acid) and an oxidizer
(such as hydrogen peroxide). 

File
 Number 
 
 Country 
 
 Type 
 
 Status 
 
 Application/Patent
 Number 
 
 Priority
 Date 
 
 SVF-P-001-DE 
 
 Germany 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 DE
 602011071750.2 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-ES 
 
 Spain 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 11825901.9 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-FR 
 
 France 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 11825901.9 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-GB 
 
 Britain

Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 11825901.9 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-IL 
 
 Israel 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 225247

September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-IL1 
 
 Israel 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 254909 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-US1 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Patent 
 
 Issued 
 
 10,212,956 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-US2 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Patent 
 
 Allowed 
 
 16/278,108 
 
 September
 14, 2010 
 
 SVF-P-001-US3 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 18/082,810 
 
 September
 14, 2010 

Methods
for Improving the Appearance of Edible Plant Matter 

This
patent family includes a granted patent in Israel and is directed to a method of improving the appearance of edible plant matter either
during the pre-harvest or post-harvest stage. The method includes applying a composition based on phosphonic acid to the edible plant
matter. 

25 

File Number 
 Country 
 Type 
 Status 
 Application/Patent Number 
 Priority Date 
 
 SVF-P-002-IL 
 Israel 
 Patent 
 Issued 
 229724 
 May 30, 2011 

Method
and Apparatus for Maintaining Fresh Produce in a Transportation Container 

This
patent family includes granted patents in both Israel and the United States, it relates to a method used to maintain fresh produce stored
in transportation containers. The apparatus is configured to generate an aerosol of one or more liquid pesticides, thereby reducing pathogenic
contamination within the transportation container. This patent family covers any liquid pesticide for use in the above-mentioned apparatus. 

File Number 
 Country 
 Type 
 Status 
 Application/Patent Number 
 Priority Date 
 
 SVF-P-003-IL 
 Israel 
 Patent 
 Issued 
 227328 
 June 23, 2013 
 
 SVF-P-003-US 
 United States 
 Patent 
 Issued 
 9,487,350 
 June 23, 2013 

Sterilization
Compositions and Methods for Use Thereof 

This
patent family is directed to compositions and methods for reducing pathogen load within a container or on a surface, including inter
alia the surface of an edible plant matter. Furthermore, the application is directed to compositions and methods for disinfection of
cooling systems. 

File Number 
 Country 
 Type 
 Status 
 Application/Patent Number 
 Priority Date 
 
 SVF-P-004-USP 
 United States 
 Patent 
 Pending 
 63/426,096 
 November 17, 2022 

Sterilization
Devices and Methods for Use Thereof 

This
patent family is directed to a device for controlling pathogen load within a container or on a surface by spraying a disinfecting composition
in response to a trigger, such as increased pathogenic contamination. 

File Number 
 Country 
 Type 
 Status 
 Application/Patent Number 
 Priority Date 
 
 SVF-P-005-USP 
 United States 
 Patent 
 Pending 
 63/426,120 
 November 17, 2022 

Compositions
Comprising of Several Organic Acids and Use Thereof 

This
patent family is directed to kits and methods for controlling pathogen load within or on the surface of an edible plant matter. 

File
 Number 
 
 Country 
 
 Type 
 
 Status 
 
 Application/Patent
 Number 
 
 Priority
 Date 
 
 SVF-P-006-EP 
 
 Europe 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 21763868.3 
 
 March
 1, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-006-MX 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 MX/a/2022/010828 
 
 March
 1, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-006-PE 
 
 Peru 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 001876-2022/DIN 
 
 March
 1, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-006-US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 17/908,624 
 
 March
 1, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-006-ZA 
 
 New
 Zealand 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 2022/09840 
 
 March
 1, 2020 

26 

Combined
Fungicidal Preparations and Methods for Use Thereof 

This
patent family is directed to compositions and to methods for reducing pathogen load on a substrate. 

File
 Number 
 
 Country 
 
 Type 
 
 Status 
 
 Application/Patent
 Number 
 
 Priority
 Date 
 
 SVF-P-007-EP 
 
 Europe 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 21829736.4 
 
 June
 23, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-007-CA 
 
 Canada 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 3,184,215 
 
 June
 23, 2020 
 
 SVF-P-007-US 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Patent 
 
 Pending 
 
 18/012,486 
 
 June
 23, 2020 

We
cannot be sure that any patent will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications
filed by us in the future. There is also a significant risk that any issued patents will have substantially narrower claims than those
that are currently sought. 

Competition 

Given
that the market for the use of green and residue free solutions is evolving, we are continually facing growing competition.
The market for post-harvest solutions is fragmented and includes various regional suppliers. The market of post-harvest treatments for
fruits and vegetables is dominated by five large players with wide reach across the globe. We believe that a market edge will be given
to a company that can solidify its reputation, product quality, customer service and customer intimacy, product innovation, technical
service and value creation. Based on these variables, we believe that we compete favorably when compared with the global competition
in this market. 

Currently,
our main competitors are companies providing PAA, chlorine and other sanitization solutions, such as Ozone as well as technology companies
developing new biorational fungicides. 

We
also compete with heavily diversified multi-national chemical conglomerates, who produce various biocide formulations designed to kill
or deactivate pathogenic micro-organisms. Of these, two companies are the most significant: 

Peroxychem :
 Peroxychem is a subsidiary of Evonik Industries AG (Germany). It is a significant worldwide producer of hydrogen peroxide, persulfates
 and PAA. Peroxychem generated sales of approximately 300 million in 2019; and 

27 

Solvay
 (Belgium) : Similar to Evonik Industries, Solvay is a heavily diversified multinational chemical conglomerate. During the fiscal
 year 2022, Solvay had approximately 13.4 billion in net sales, spread across the breadth of their product lines. Most relevant
 to us is their blends of PAA and hydrogen peroxide, sold in two primary formulations - OXYSTRONG for water treatment and PROXITANE
 for the food industry. 

In
addition, we have several indirect competitors, which are companies with whom we seek to make strategic partnerships - large companies
specializing in post-harvest solutions for the agricultural industry. This has been more difficult than initially anticipated due to
our solutions reducing these companies revenues from certain fungicides used on produce. Such companies include: 

Decco
 US Post-Harvest : Decco is a subsidiary of Decco Worldwide, which itself is a division of United Phosphorous Ltd. Decco provides
 a variety of solutions, both mechanical and chemical, for the post-harvest industry. They produce conventional fungicides (imazalil,
 thiabendizole, etc.), as well as produce coatings; and 

Pace
 International : Pace International is a subsidiary of the Sumitomo Chemical Company. Similar to Decco, it provides a variety of
 solutions - primarily in the realm of conventional fungicides and carnauba wax coatings for fruit. 

We
also consider Citrosol, Xeda International, JBT and Agrofresh as our indirect competitors (and current or potential collaborators). 

The
organic market offers a huge trade and income potential for producers, processors and trading companies globally. The rising demand of
various organic products has driven the demand of organic post-harvest treatments. Green and organic technologies are increasingly being
developed in a global market and several conventional post-harvest product and equipment suppliers, such as Citrosol, Fomesa and Peroxychem,
have taken the opportunity and are starting to develop natural products. 

Research
and Development 

In
the last two years we spent an aggregate of 1,309,510 on research and development. In late 2022, our board of directors resolved to
implement certain cost reduction measures, in light of the prevailing macroeconomic conditions and certain results of our
operations. These cost reduction measures, included inter alia, the reduction of our budget in connection with our research and
development activities and to focus mainly on the commercialization of our solutions with emphasis on converting recently completed
pilots into paying customers. 

Post-Harvest 

During
2022, we worked on the compatibility and synergistic effect of our processing aids products SavePROTECT/PeroStar with additional post-harvest
treatments used in the packing house to provide an efficient, greener and cost-effective solution. 

In
addition, we have tested a natural edible coating for microbial safety and food quality enhancement in combination with our solutions
with no conclusive results so far. 

In
addition to analytical methods, we have worked first on the optimization of our delivery system and we are collaborating with an industrial
engineering company to develop a new cost-effective delivery system that will be combined with the collection and transmission of data
to provide users with analytics and optimization tools and increase our presence in the packing house. 

28 

Pre-Harvest
 FreshProtect and our Adjuvant 

We
are also focused on developing new eco-friendly pre-harvest products which will improve post-harvest management practices by reduction
of total microbial load, before even entering the packing house. An effective pre-harvest solution may reduce the need for post-harvest
chemical fungicides while increasing profit through reduced spoilage in supply chains. In addition, the potential of addressing pre-harvest
solution might offer new opportunities for treating crops, such as rice and wheat, with large market potential. 

In
pre-harvest application, one of the main advantages of our products is the non-toxicity of its ingredients, allowing its application
up to the day of harvest (0-day pre-harvest interval), which is critical to prolonged crop protection and reduced microbial spoilage
while reducing the total bacterial load entering the packing house. Field studies are conducted by Dr. James E. Adaskeveg from University
of California, Riverside and the largest grower cooperative in CA in the United States on citrus trees to determine the effectiveness,
optimize use protocol and effect on the environment. Additionally, in 2022, we conducted pre-harvest studies with leading Israeli citrus
packers and independent mango researchers. 

Production 

In
Israel, we work exclusively with Zohar Dalia, a reputable chemical production company. Based on our formulation and guidance, Zohar Dalia
is producing our PeroStar and any other small-scale formulation that we might need for the commercialization of our solutions.
Zohar Dalia is particularly regarded for its deep understanding and experience working with oxidizer like hydrogen peroxide and PAA. 

In
the United States, we work with Seeler Industries, a national leader in marketing, handling, and in the termination of hydrogen peroxide. 

In
South Africa, we began working with a local producer Auryon Industries. This producer will supply our products to our clients in Egypt and be our
 backup production site. 

All
our producers, purchase all raw materials necessary for the production of our products. All ingredients and/or raw materials that are
used in the creation of our products are commodities and are readily available for purchase off the shelf. 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

Our
products are subject to national, state and local government regulations. Based on the product claims and classification, different regulatory
and registration requirements may apply at the state, provincial or federal level. 

Regulation
of Our Processing Aid - SavePROTECT or PeroStar 

In
the United States, our SavePROTECT product does not make any pesticidal claims and is not intended for use as a pesticide and, therefore,
is not subject to the registration requirements of FIFRA. However, since the product is used on raw agricultural commodities in food
processing facilities, the product is subject to regulation under the FFDCA. We believe that the product is in compliance with the FFDCA
since every ingredient in the product can be considered GRAS when used as intended and the product does not have pesticidal activity per se. 

Although
SavePROTECT is not a pesticide under FIFRA, it is still required to be registered in California because the California statute requires
the registration of both pesticide and adjuvant products. 

29 

On
July 31, 2020, we submitted an Application for Registration of Adjuvant for SavePROTECT to the California Department
of Pesticide Regulation (the CDPR ). The dossier submitted included the following studies: (i) acute oral toxicity and acute dermal
toxicity studies, (ii) physico-chemical property testing (determination of color, physical state, odor, density, pH, viscosity and
oxidation/reduction chemical incompatibility), (iii) validation of the high-performance liquid chromatography method assay, (iv)
stability test, and (iv) efficacy data. 

Based
on the intended use and claims for SavePROTECT, our product was registered with CDPR on October 27, 2021 as an adjuvant. 

In
addition, based on the opinion of our U.S. regulatory experts, all SavePROTECT ingredients are GRAS when used as intended
and product does not have pesticidal activity. 

In
December 2021, we submitted an application for certification for our SavePROTECT to the OMRI,
an international nonprofit organization that determines which input products are allowed for use in organic production and processing.
OMRI Listed products are allowed for use in certified organic operations under the USDA National Organic Program. OMRI reviews input products to verify that they meet the organic standards for use on organic
farms or in organic processing. OMRI is recognized by the USDA National Organic Program as a reputable third-party input reviewer in
Interim Instruction 3012 of the NOP Handbook. In addition, OMRI is accredited under the International Organization for Standardization
ISO 17065 by the USDA Quality Assessment Division. 

In
June 2022, our SavePROTECT Organic was listed by OMRI allowing us to address the certified organic industry as well. 

In
Europe, processing aids are defined as substances that are added to exert a technological function during food processing and which may
end up in the finished product. According to Regulation (EC) No. 1333/2008, processing aids means any substance which (i) is not consumed
as food by itself; (ii) is intentionally used in the processing of raw materials, foods or their ingredients, to fulfil a certain technological
purpose during treatment or processing; and (iii) may result in the unintentional but technically unavoidable presence in the final product
as residues of the substance or its derivatives, provided they do not present any health risk and do not have any technological effect
on the final product. 

Processing
aids are differentiated from food additives, which are substances that are added to food with the intention to exert a technological
function within the final food product. Therefore, processing aids must not follow the EFSA
guideline of Data Requirements for the Evaluation of Food Additive Applications. 

In
Europe, our PeroStar is not considered a processing aid in the enzymatic preparation category and, therefore, PeroStar is only regulated
at the national level. While there are no harmonised requirements regarding the registration of a processing aids, some data (such as
full composition and some toxicological data) must be disclosed and discussed with the competent authorities before the submission of
a registration request. 

In
Spain, the guidelines for precise documentation for evaluation of technological adjuvants intended to be used in human food, state specific
conditions for the assessment, authorization and use of all other types of processing aids, which are not processing aids in the enzymatic
preparation category. During the third quarter of 2020, we submitted a regulatory dossier as a processing aid for PeroStar in Spain and
Italy with very similar information as the regulatory dossier submitted in California. In December 2022, our European regulatory consultant
informed us that we satisfied the safety requirement and that no further registration is required at this time. 

In
Mexico, based on the product composition and the legal status of the substances to be used as food additives, our PeroStar/SavePROTECT
can be marketed and used in Mexico as a food additive (processing aid) and no registration is required (pending the final confirmation
from Mexican government). 

30 

In
Israel, the guidelines of the National Food Services, Ministry of Health, define the requirements for cleaning and disinfectant agents
used with food. These guidelines state that such cleaning and disinfectant agents applied to the cleaning equipment which comes into
direct contact with food, must not contain carcinogens. Specifically, List A and List B published by the Inter-ministerial Committee
on Carcinogens, Mutagens and Teratogens of the Ministry of Health identify products and ingredients with carcinogenic, mutagenic and
teratogenic properties. Our regulatory consultant in Israel has confirmed that our PeroStar does not contain carcinogens, mutagens and/or
teratogens, and, therefore, is considered approved in terms of the relevant regulations of the National Food Services, Ministry of Health,
and can be used as an additive to cleaning and disinfectant agents for fresh produce. 

On
January 22, 2022, we received an approval from Peru s Ministry of Agricultural Development and Irrigation to sell our products
in Peru. 

Registration
of Our SpuDefender and FrehProtect 

We
currently have registrations for our SpuDefender (EPA Reg. No. 86381-1) and our FreshProtect (EPA Reg. No. 86381-2), at both the federal
level and in the individual states where the products are sold for the use in post-harvest settings. To allow the utilization of our
FreshProtect in pre-harvest settings, we submitted to EPA an updated product label in January 2023. 

Regulation of Our Sanitizers - SF3H and SF3HS 

In the United States, the primary
federal laws that regulate the sale and distribution of our sanitizer products are the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide
Act FIFRA and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FFDCA ). 

FIFRA is the federal law that
regulates the sale and distribution of pesticides and is administered by the EPA. Products that claim or are otherwise intended to control
microorganisms on inanimate surfaces, in water and on raw agricultural commodities are regulated, under FIFRA, as pesticides. FIFRA generally
requires the pre-market registration of pesticide products. To register a pesticide product, we are required to provide test data and
related information to demonstrate that the product is safe and effective under the conditions of use, as specified on the product label.
The cost and timeframe to achieve EPA product registration depends on the type of product and the claims made for the product. Registered
products are also subject to a number of recordkeeping and reporting obligations which require constant product oversight by companies. 

Pursuant to FIFRA and Section
408 of the FFDCA, the EPA establishes tolerances for pesticide chemical residues that could remain in or on food, including raw agricultural
commodities. A tolerance is the EPA established maximum residue level of a specific pesticide chemical that is permitted in or on a human
or animal food in the United States. Generally, any pesticide chemical residue must have either a tolerance or an exemption from the requirement
to have a tolerance in order to be permitted in or on human or animal food. The FDA enforces the tolerances pursuant to its authority
under the FFDCA. 

The FFDCA regulates the sale and
distribution of drugs, medical devices, cosmetics and foods (including substances added to and found in food such as pesticide residues)
and is administered by the FDA. Under the FFDCA, the FDA does not register or approve products that are used on food commodities and certain
food-contact surfaces, such as food packaging. However, all substances that are used on food or food-contact surfaces need to be subject
to an FDA regulation or permitted through other clearance mechanisms, such as a Food-Contact Notification, Threshold of Regulation opinion,
by Prior Sanction or be Generally Recognized as Safe or GRAS . If all the substances or ingredients in a particular
product are cleared for use on food or food-contact surfaces or are GRAS then a company can market a product without obtaining any additional
clearances. GRAS substances do not require pre-market approval or clearance by the FDA although the FDA does have a notification process
for GRAS substances. 

31 

At the federal level, antimicrobial
agents are subject to regulation by the FDA and/or EPA, either singly or jointly, depending upon the intended use of the product. Antimicrobial
products applied to processed food are solely regulated by the FDA per longstanding FDA and EPA policy outlined in an EPA Notice titled
 Legal and Policy Interpretation of the Jurisdiction Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of the Food and Drug Administration
and the Environmental Protection Agency Over the Use of Certain Antimicrobial Substances (63 Fed. Reg. 54,532 at 54,536 54,541
(Oct. 9, 1998)) and EPA s Pesticide Registration Manual, Chapter 18. Antimicrobial products applied to raw agricultural commodities
(e.g. fruits and vegetables) are jointly regulated by the EPA and the FDA if their application takes place in a food-processing facility.
If the antimicrobial product is applied to a raw agricultural commodity in a treatment facility that solely washes and packs food commodities,
and the treatment does not change the status of the food as a raw agricultural commodity, then the EPA has sole federal regulatory jurisdiction. 

Since our sanitizers will be and
are intended to be used solely to treat raw agricultural commodities in post-harvest washing and packing facilities, at the federal level
they are regulated solely by the EPA (as opposed to FDA): product registration is required under FIFRA and any food residues are regulated
under the FFDCA. To complete the registration process, we will be required to submit a number of studies in the form of a registration
application or dossier, which has not yet been submitted to EPA. These studies will specifically include: (i) safety studies - six acute
toxicity studies (already finalized), (ii) physio-chemical properties testing (already finalized), (iii) one-year storage stability and
corrosion (ongoing), and (iv) an efficacy study to demonstrate that the product is an effective sanitizer (studies conducted under non-good
laboratory practices already performed and they show the product meets EPA performance standards). We have already identified and engaged
with a third-party company in the United States to perform our good laboratory practices efficacy studies. 

In addition, every state has its own laws that regulate pesticides and
these laws require registration of pesticide products at the state level. Accordingly, products must also be registered in the states
in which they are distributed prior to any sale. 

Organizational
Structure 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have one 98.48 owned subsidiary: Save Foods Ltd., which is incorporated in the State of Israel. Save Foods
Ltd. is responsible for all of our commercialization of our pilots and sales activities. 

Human
Capital Management 

As
of March 27, 2023, we employed six full-time employees/consultants and two part-time employees. None of our employees
are members of a union or subject to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement. Our employees are located in Israel. 

We
believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. In particular,
we depend on the skills, experience and performance of our senior management. We compete for qualified personnel with other agritech
companies, as well as universities and non-profit research institutions. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health and safety
of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest
of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. This includes having
employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. 

We
consider our employees to be a key factor to our success and we are focused on attracting and retaining the best employees at all levels
of our business. We employ people based on relevant qualifications, demonstrated skills, performance and other job-related factors. We
do not tolerate unlawful discrimination related to employment and strive to ensure that employment decisions related to recruitment,
selection, evaluation, compensation, and development, among others, are not influenced by race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic
origin, nationality, sexual orientation, marital status, or disability. We are committed to creating a trusting environment where all
ideas are welcome and employees feel comfortable and empowered to draw on their unique experiences and backgrounds. 

We
consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

32 

Company
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander), Neve Yarak, Israel, and our telephone number is (347) 468-9583. Our website
address is www.savefoods.co. Any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference
into, nor is it in any way a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
use our website (www.savefoods.co) as a channel of distribution of Company information. The information we post through this channel
may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and
public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Company
History 

We
were incorporated under the name Pimi Agro Cleantech, Inc. on April 1, 2009, under the laws of the state of Delaware. On April 11, 2016,
we changed our name from Pimi Agro Cleantech, Inc. to Save Foods, Inc. Our subsidiary was incorporated on January 14, 2004, under the
name Pimi Marion Holdings Ltd., to exploit the knowledge, intellectual property and business assets of Nir Ecology Ltd., a company founded
in September 1989, focused on developing sanitizing solutions for the water and food industry. During the initial years of its activity
and until 2009, Pimi Marion Holdings Ltd. focused on the development of new products and applications within the potato-growing industry.
On October 5, 2008, Pimi Marion Holdings Ltd. changed its name to Pimi Agro Cleantech Ltd. In September 2018, we changed our organizational
structure and leadership team to support our new strategy and objectives. The goal of the organizational change was to drive us towards
regulatory approvals for our new generation of products. Our revamped strategy was developed following research we conducted on the applicable
and potential commercial markets for our products. The results of this research demonstrated a clear and significant market for our new
products to be deployed as sanitizers for the agricultural and food tech industries. On May 2, 2019, Pimi Agro Cleantech Ltd. changed
its name to Save Foods Ltd. 

item
1a. risk factors 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business faces significant risks and uncertainties of which investors should be aware before making a decision to invest in our common
stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected. The following is a summary of the more significant risks relating to the Company. A more detailed description of
our risk factors is set forth below under the caption Detailed Risk Factors . 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We
 have a history of operating losses and expect to incur additional losses in the future. 
 
 We
 may need to raise significant additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Industry and Business Operations 

We
 may not be able to successfully operate our business or execute our business plan. 
 
 Our
 customers require that our products undergo a lengthy pilot period without any assurance
 of sales. 
 
 Our
 products and technology require additional trials, which could prolong the sales cycle. 
 
 The
 commercial success of our new generation products, as well as any future products, depends
 upon the degree of market acceptance by the packing house community as well as by other prospect
 markets and industries. 

33 

We
 may face significant competition from other companies looking to develop or acquire new alternative
 environmentally friendly solutions for the treatment of fruits and vegetables, and other
 edible matter. 
 
 Our
 success is dependent upon the acceptance of our environmentally friendly solutions for fruits
 and vegetables. 
 
 We
 may be unable to respond effectively to technological changes in our industry, which could
 reduce the demand for our products. 
 
 We
 currently rely on a limited number of suppliers to produce certain key components of our
 products. 
 
 If
 we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful
 relationships with third parties to perform these services, we may not be successful in commercializing
 our products. 
 
 We
 rely on rapidly establishing global distributorship network in order to effectively market
 our products. 
 
 The
 results of our early tests may not be indicative of results in future tests and we cannot
 assure you that any planned or future tests will lead to results sufficient for the necessary
 regulatory approvals. 
 
 Our
 products are highly regulated by governmental agencies in the countries where we conduct business and into which we plan to expand.
 Our success is dependent upon our ability to achieve regulatory approvals and registration in the United States, Mexico, Israel,
 Turkey, Egypt, Peru, and South Africa, which might take longer than expected. 
 
 The
 inherent dangers in production and transportation of hydrogen peroxide and highly concentrated
 organic acids could cause disruptions and could expose us to potentially significant losses,
 costs or other liabilities. 
 
 Our
 business and operations may be affected by climate change conditions, which could materially
 harm our financial results. 
 
 Conditions
 in the global economy, including inflation and recessionary pressures, may adversely affect
 our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Our
 relationship with our employees could deteriorate, and certain key employees could leave,
 which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We
 are subject to risks relating to portfolio concentration. 
 
 Our
 operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause
 our results to fall short of expectations. 
 
 International
 expansion of our business exposes us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial
 and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States, Mexico or
 Israel. 
 
 Our
 business depends to some extent on international transactions. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
 we are unable to secure and maintain patent or other intellectual property protection for
 the intellectual property used in our products, our ability to compete will be harmed. 
 
 If
 we are unable to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary trade secrets
 and unprotected know-how, our ability to compete will be harmed. 
 
 We
 could become subject to patent and other intellectual property litigation that could be costly,
 result in the diversion of management s attention, require us to pay damages and force
 us to discontinue selling our products. 
 
 We
 may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other
 intellectual property. 
 
 We
 may experience claims that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others,
 which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling our products or services. 

34 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Compliance 

If
 we or our contractors or service providers fail to comply with laws and regulations, we or
 they could be subject to regulatory actions, which could affect our ability to develop, market
 and sell our products or future products that we may develop and may harm our reputation
 in our industry. 
 
 Regulatory
 reforms may adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

We
 may not satisfy Nasdaq s requirements for continued listing. If we cannot satisfy these
 requirements, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 
 
 The
 market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile. 
 
 Sales
 of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market by our existing
 stockholders could cause our share price to fall. 
 
 Delaware
 law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
 restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing
 the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We
 may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about
 us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations or publish
 negative reports regarding our business or our Common Stock, our stock price and trading
 volume could decline. 
 
 We
 do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We
 may need additional capital, and the sale of additional shares or equity or debt securities
 could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

General
Risk Factors 

Disruptions
 to our information technology systems due to cyber-attacks or our failure to upgrade and
 adjust our information technology systems, may materially impair our operations, hinder our
 growth and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Failure
 to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject
 us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 
 We
 incur additional increased costs as a result of the listing of our Common Stock for trading
 on Nasdaq, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives
 and reporting requirements. 
 
 We
 face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards. 
 
 The
 ongoing conflict in Ukraine may result in market volatility that could adversely affect our
 business. 
 
 If
 we fail to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we
 may be unable to report our financial results accurately or meet our reporting obligations. 

Risks Related to our Incorporation and Location in
Israel 

Political,
 economic and military instability in Israel may impeded our ability to operate and hard our financial results. 

Detailed
Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the financial or other information in this Annual Report, including our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only risks we face. We may face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial. Any of the risks described below, and any such additional risks, could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. In such case, you may lose all or part of your original investment. 

35 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We
have a history of operating losses and expect to incur additional losses in the future. 

We
have sustained losses in recent years, which as of December 31, 2022, accumulated to 22.8 million, including an operating net loss
of 5.8 million and 4.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are likely to continue to incur
significant net losses for at least the next several years as we continue to pursue our strategy, which is currently focused on
converting pilots into paying customers, following lengthy sale cycles
of at least two seasons. Our losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and
working capital. Any failure to achieve and maintain profitability would continue to have an adverse effect on our
stockholders equity and working capital and could result in a decline in our share price or cause us to cease
operations. 

We
may need to raise significant additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain. 

Our
capital requirements in connection with our research and development activities and transition to commercial operations have been significant. We will require additional funds to continue running pilots and testing of our technologies and
products, to obtain intellectual property protection relating to our technologies when appropriate, and to market our products. There
can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In either of the aforementioned
situations, we may not be able to fully implement its growth plans. 

Additional
financings that we may require in the future will dilute the percentage ownership interests of our stockholders and may adversely affect
our earnings and net book value per share. In addition, we may not be able to secure any such additional financing on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain such additional capital as discussed above, we will be required to stop our operations,
and will resume our activities, only after capital is raised. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Industry and Business Operations 

Because
of our limited operating history, we may not be able to successfully operate our business or execute our business plan. 

In
September 2018, the Company changed its organizational structure and management team. After reviewing the Company s then
existing strategy and results of operation, as well as examining the market opportunities, the new management team decided to update
the Company s strategy, reduce the marketing and sales of its existing products, and focus the Company s efforts and
financial resources in developing its next generation products. During the years 2019 and 2020, we developed, validated and tested
the efficacy of our next generation product - a blend of food acids - on a variety of crops in both small and large scale commercial
pilots. In 2021, we commenced commercialization in various jurisdictions, while continuing to conduct commercial pilots. In 2022, we
extended our commercial pilots in additional location in both the North and South hemisphere to address the seasonal
effect. 

Given
our limited operating history, it is hard to evaluate our proposed business and prospects. Our proposed business operations will be subject
to numerous risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with early-stage enterprises. Such risks include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

the
 absence of a lengthy operating history, in connection with, inter alia, implementation of effective logistics for the export of our
 product globally; 

insufficient
 capital to fully realize our operating plan; 

expected
 continual losses for the foreseeable future; 

operating
 in multiple currencies; 

our
 ability to anticipate and adapt to a developing market(s); 

36 

acceptance
 of our products by the pre- and post-harvest industry players and consumers; 

limited
 marketing experience; 

a
 competitive environment characterized by well-established and well-capitalized competitors; 

the
 ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel; and 

operating
 in an environment that is highly regulated by a number of agencies. 

Because
we are subject to these risks, evaluating our business may be difficult, our business strategy may be unsuccessful and we may be unable
to address such risks in a cost-effective manner, if at all. If we are unable to successfully address these risks our business could
be harmed. 

Our
customers require that our products undergo a lengthy testing period without any assurance of sales. 

Our
prospective customers generally test and evaluate our solutions before applying these to their commercial product lines and integrating
them into their facilities. This testing period takes at least two seasons and could be longer or subject to delays. Even after our solutions
are approved by the customers, due to seasonal effects, it could take several months before they begin purchasing our solutions, if at
all. Nothing guarantees that following such pilots, the targeted packing house will choose to use our solutions on its products or continue
the process further and complete the sale cycle. The combination of the longer sales cycle and the unique nature of our solutions that
could have different results following seasonal changes could have an impact on our profitability and business. As a result, we could
have limited revenues, or no revenues, from prospective customers, even after we have invested significant amounts of time in the pilot
phase and sales of our solutions, which in turn could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our
products and technology require additional trials. 

The
efficacy of our products has only been shown in the limited number of pathogens tested on certain produce and aforementioned climates,
and therefore our products have yet to be proven against certain additional and relevant pathogens, produce and market climates to validate
the efficacy and benefits of our products. These trials are lengthy and prolong our sale cycle
by at least two seasons, and no assurance can be made that such packing facilities will chose to implement our solutions in their facilities.

The
commercial success of our new generation products, as well as any future products, depends upon the degree of market acceptance by the
packing house community as well as by other prospect markets and industries. 

In
order to achieve high volume sales and attain a leading market share and become the new standard of treatment, our products must not
only be approved by the regulators, but also endorsed by the major packing houses and service providers, retailers of fruits and vegetables
as well as environmental organizations. Our success depends on our ability to create significant value to the growers, the packing houses
and the food retailers. We are aware of this key factor and are focusing on conducting large scale pilots with major fruits and vegetables
packers and retail suppliers of fresh consumed goods in several countries, in order to show the efficacy of the products and our technology,
and to receive the recognition of packers and retailers. However, there can be no assurances that we will succeed in such an endeavor,
nor is it clear how long it will take until we receive market recognition. 

There
can be no assurance that any product that we bring to the market will gain market acceptance by prospective customers. The commercial
success of our new generation products and any future product depends in part on the packing house community as well as other industries
for various use cases, depending on the acceptance by such industries of our technology as a useful and cost-effective solution compared
to current solutions. If our new generation products or any future product does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not
generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our products will depend on a
number of factors, including: 

the
 results of our large-scale pilots; 

37 

the
 cost, safety, efficacy, and convenience of our new generation products; 

the
 acceptance of our products as a superior solution in the fresh produce industry; 

the
 ability of third parties to enter into relationships with us without violating their existing agreements; 

the
 effectiveness of our selling and marketing efforts; 

the
 strength of marketing and distribution support for, and timing of market introduction of, competing products; and 

publicity
 concerning our products or competing products. 

Our
efforts to penetrate the packing house industry and educate the marketplace on the benefits of our products may require significant resources
and may never be successful. 

We
may face significant competition from other companies looking to develop or acquire new alternative environmentally friendly solutions
for the treatment of fruits and vegetables, and other edible matter. 

We
expect to face significant competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other companies that seek to enter our
focal market. As regulators continue to move away from current residue chemical solutions, such as chlorpropham or CIPC, existing suppliers
of these solutions are continually looking to develop or acquire new alternative environment-friendly solutions that can sustain their
market share and revenue streams, or to enable the continuance of CIPC at current levels in new ways of treatment. Additionally, as market
opportunity becomes eminent, competitors and new players will most likely attempt to develop similar or comparable solutions. It is possible
that superior or more cost-effective alternative technology will emerge that will achieve greater market acceptance and render our products
less competitive. Furthermore, existing vendors can cooperate to combat new players by reducing market prices and margins or other competitive
initiatives. Our future success will therefore depend, to a large extent, upon our ability to achieve market acceptance of our innovative
solutions as well as develop and introduce new products and enhancements to existing products. No assurance can be given that we will
be able to compete in such a marketplace. 

The
market for post-harvest solutions is fragmented with various regional suppliers. The market of post-harvest treatments for fruits and
vegetables is dominated by five large players with wide reach across the globe, which players may perceive us as a competitive threat
and institute commercial measures to reduce our market share, including by aggressively bundling their products and services
to compete with us, or purchase additional laboratories to further enable their expansion. We believe that the principal factors of competition
in our industry include reputation, product quality, customer service and customer intimacy, product innovation, technical service and
value creation. 

Our
success is dependent upon the acceptance of our environmentally friendly solutions for fruits and vegetables. 

Our
future success is dependent upon the acceptance of our environmentally friendly, non-toxic residual solutions for fruits and vegetables.
While the market is signaling that such a direction is likely, certain trends as well as the future size of this market, and other potential
markets for our products, rely upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, both the failure to convince
retailers to bear additional costs for green fruit and vegetables as well as the failure to persuade consumers to purchase
 green fruits and vegetables for higher prices may adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash flow going forward. 

38 

We
may be unable to respond effectively to technological changes in our industry, which could reduce the demand for our products. 

Our
future business success will depend upon our ability to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities and develop and market
products, services and applications that meet changing customer needs and market conditions in a cost-effective and timely manner.
Maintaining and enhancing technological capabilities and developing new products may also require significant investments in
research and development, which following financial cutbacks, we have shifted our focus to the commercialization of our solutions
with emphasis on converting recently completed pilots into paying customers. We may not be successful in converting our completed
pilots into paying customers or to develop new products, services and technology that successfully compete or be able to
anticipate changing customer needs and preferences, and our customers may not accept one or more of our new products or services. If
we fail to keep pace with evolving technological innovations or fail to modify our products and services in response to
customers needs or preferences, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

We
currently rely on a limited number of suppliers to produce certain key components of our products. 

We
rely on unaffiliated contract manufacturers to produce certain key components of our products. In Israel, we work exclusively with a
well-known producer of chemicals, Zohar Dalia, who is responsible for the production of our products. Zohar Dalia is well known for its
knowledge and handling of hydrogen peroxide. In the United States, we have worked for the past few years with Seeler Industries, a national
leader in the marketing and handling of hydrogen peroxide. We additionally work with a producer in South Africa. There is limited available
manufacturing capacity that meets our quality standards and regulatory requirements, especially for the manufacturing of the SF3H and
SF3HS with one of their active ingredients - hydrogen peroxide - as well as for FreshProtect with one of its active ingredients - PO3.
If we are unable to arrange for sufficient production capacity among our contract manufacturers or if our contract manufacturers encounter
production, quality, financial, or other difficulties, including labor or geopolitical disturbances, we may encounter difficulty in meeting
customer demands as we seek alternative sources of supply, or we may have to make financial accommodations to such contract manufacturers
or otherwise take steps to mitigate supply disruption. We may be unable to locate an additional or alternate contract manufacturer that
meets our quality controls and standards and regulatory requirements in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms. Any such
difficulties could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could be material. 

If
we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful relationships with third parties to
perform these services, we may not be successful in commercializing our products. 

We
have a limited selling and marketing infrastructure and have limited experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of products. To
achieve commercial success for any product for which we have obtained marketing approval, we will need to enter into collaborations with
third parties like post-harvest service companies and establish a selling and marketing infrastructure or to out-license our products. 

In
the future, we may consider building a focused selling and marketing infrastructure to market our products in the United States or elsewhere
in the world. There are risks involved with establishing our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. For example, recruiting
and training a sales force could be expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. This may be costly, and our investment
would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our selling and marketing personnel. 

Factors
that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our products on our own include: 

our
 inability to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of effective selling and marketing personnel; 

the
 inability of sales personnel to obtain access to potential customers; 

39 

the
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies
 with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen
 costs and expenses associated with creating an independent selling and marketing organization. 

If
we are unable to establish our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful arrangements with third parties
to perform these services, our revenues and our profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our products in our
target markets, including Chile, Mexico, Peru, Columbia, the United States, South Africa, the Philippines,
Thailand, Turkey, Egypt, Morocco, Spain, Italy and Israel , or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely
will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and
market our products effectively. If we do not establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities successfully, either on our own
or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 

We
rely on rapidly establishing global distributorship network in order to effectively market our products. 

We
have developed initial partnerships with local partners. In order to expand selling and marketing globally and capture leading market
share before any potential reaction from the competitors, we will need to rapidly expand geographically and establish a global distribution
network. This is likely to put pressure on our management, financial and operational resources. In order to mitigate this factor, once
we establish a significant presence in the market, we will proceed to establish strategic partnerships with some of the leading players
in the market; however, there are no assurances that we will succeed in establishing such partnerships, which may harm the marketing
of our products and the development of our business. 

The
results of our early tests may not be indicative of results in future tests and we cannot assure you that any planned or future tests
will lead to results sufficient for the necessary regulatory approvals. 

Our
products have been tested in multiple commercial and small-scale pilots on certain types of produce and during specific time of the year.
We are currently in the development and optimization phases of these products. Results from our later-stage commercial tests may show
lower efficacy than our early-tests conducted previously, and we cannot guarantee that when commercialized, our products will be effective
and stable and product improvements as well as possible changes in the application and usage protocol may be required. Our results could
further be affected by the changing behavior of the fruits throughout the season, therefore demonstrating inconsistent results. These
factors may significantly delay receipts of regulatory approvals, and the introduction of our products into the market. Likewise, we
cannot be sure these products will be commercially viable and have no assurances that we will be able to expand upon our current product
offerings or that any such expansion will generate revenue. 

Our
products are highly regulated by governmental agencies in the countries where we conduct business and into which we plan to expand. Our
failure to obtain regulatory approvals and registration, to comply with registration and regulatory requirements or to maintain regulatory
approvals would have an adverse impact on our ability to market and sell our products. 

Some
of our products are subject to technical review and approval by government authorities in each country where we currently conduct our
business and where we intend to sell our products. 

40 

The
regulatory requirements to which we are subject are complex and vary from country to country. To obtain new registrations, it is necessary
to have a local registrant, and to understand the country s regulatory requirements, both at the time an application for registration
is submitted and when the registration decision is made, which may be several years later. A significant investment in registration data
is required (covering all aspects from manufacturing specifications through storage and transport, use, and, finally, disposal of unwanted
product and used containers) to ensure that product performance (e.g., efficacy), intrinsic hazards and use patterns are fully characterized.
Risk assessments are conducted by government regulatory authorities who make the final decision on whether the documented risk associated
with a product and active ingredient is acceptable prior to granting approval for sale. This process may be prolonged due to requirements
for additional data or internal administrative processes. There is a risk that registration of a new product may not be obtained or that
a product label may be severely reduced, restricting the use of the product. If these circumstances arise, there is a risk that the substantial
investments made in product development will generate the projected sales that justified the investment, and our business, financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by failure to obtain new registrations. 

Products
that are already approved may be subject to periodic review by regulatory authorities in many countries. Such reviews frequently require
the provision of new data and more complex risk assessments. The outcome of such reviews of existing registrations cannot be guaranteed
and registrations may be modified or canceled. Since all government regulatory authorities have the right to review existing registrations
at any time, the sustainability of the existing portfolio cannot be guaranteed. Existing registrations may be lost at any time, resulting
in an immediate impact on sales. Furthermore, prior to expiration, it is necessary to renew registrations. The renewal period and processes
vary by country and may require additional studies to support the renewal process. Failure to comply could result in cancellation of
the registration, resulting in an impact on sales. 

In
addition, new laws and regulations may be introduced, or existing laws and regulations may be changed or may become subject to new interpretations,
which could result in additional compliance costs, seizures, confiscations, recalls, monetary fines or delays that could affect us or
our customers. 

In the United States, to complete
the registration process of our sanitizers, we will need to submit a number of studies in the form of a registration application or dossier,
which has not yet been submitted to the EPA. In addition, applicable rules and regulations in California require registration of processing
aids with the CDPR. On July 31, 2020 we submitted an Application for Registration of Adjuvant for our SavePROTECT processing
aid to the CDPR. On October 27, 2021, we were informed that our application to CDPR was approved. 

Our
success is dependent upon our ability to achieve regulatory approvals and registration in the United States, Mexico, Peru, Turkey,
Egypt, South Africa, and Israel, which might take longer than expected. 

We
are subject to extensive national, state and local government regulation. A critical key to our success and ability to expand our business
is our ability to obtain regulatory approvals and registration in the United States and in other countries for the use of our products.
The regulatory approvals of some of our products are dependent on trials to show the efficacy and the non-toxicity of our products, and
are time and cost consuming. We do not anticipate any significant problems in obtaining future required licenses, permits or approvals
that are necessary to expand our business, however such registration filling might take longer period than expected due to various factors
including the recent disruptions in regular services as a result of COVID-19, and it might delay obtaining such regulatory approvals,
or might cause delays in starting operations on a large scale in these countries and other jurisdictions. 

The
inherent dangers in production and transportation of hydrogen peroxide and highly concentrated organic acids could cause disruptions
and could expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or other liabilities. 

Our
operations are subject to significant hazards and risks inherent to the transportation of the active ingredient of one of our products
- hydrogen peroxide. In high concentrations, our blend of acids has a very low pH which may lead to skin burn and hydrogen peroxide is
an aggressive oxidizer and both can corrode many materials. We are working with limited low concentration of the material, however in
high concentrations of H 2 O 2 it will react violently. Hydrogen peroxide should be stored in a cool, dry, well-ventilated
area and away from any flammable or combustible substances. It should be transported in special tanks and vehicles and should be stored
in a container composed of non-reactive materials. These hazards and risks include, but are not limited to fires, explosions, third-party
interference (including terrorism) and mechanical failure of equipment at our or third-party facilities. The occurrence of any of these
events could result in production and distribution difficulties and disruptions, personal injury or wrongful death claims and other damage
to properties. 

41 

Our
business and operations may be affected by unexpected events, including climate change conditions and natural disasters, which could
materially harm our financial results. 

Unexpected
events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as earthquakes and wildfires, unplanned power outages,
supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems, and severe weather events, such as droughts, heat waves, hurricanes, and flooding,
could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations through physical damage to our facilities and equipment and through physical
damage to, or disruption of, local infrastructure or disrupt our operations generally. During the past several years we have seen an
increase in the frequency and intensity of severe weather events and we expect this trend to continue due to climate change. 

Our
business, in particular, may be affected from changes in climate conditions as such events would affect the crops yield and their storability
in those cases where there is unusually warm, dry, humid or cold weather before cropping. 

In
such instances, we may suffer a decrease in revenues as a result of a smaller storage volume of rooms or shorter storage period. We anticipate
that once we increase our operations and enter certain markets which experience or will experience significant climate change, such
as above-common rain fall, heat waves, dry air conditions, and unusually cold or prolonged cold weather conditions, such events may materially
impact our financial results. 

Furthermore, certain natural disasters may affect our operations. For example, our partner in Turkey is located in eastern Turkey,
which is the region that sustained an earthquake that registered a 7.8 magnitude on February 6, 2023. Given that our operations are global
in nature, and our partnerships are located in various geographic locations subject to certain inherent dangers, it is plausible that
our business and operations may be adversely affected by any such future natural disasters. 

Conditions
in the global economy, including inflation and recessionary pressures, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operation. 

The
recent historically high inflation in the U.S., geopolitical issues, continuous increases in interest rates, unstable global conditions
and changes in exchange rates have led to global economic instability. Although demand for fresh horticultural products is considered
inelastic in developed economies, the fresh produce and citrus industries that we sell to may be affected by material changes in supply,
market prices, exchange rates and general economic conditions. As a result of the high inflation and recession, we are seeing record
high levels of unemployment and consumer spending trends are changing. Delays or reductions in our customers purchasing or shifts
to lower-cost alternatives that result from tighter economic market conditions would reduce demand for our products and services and
could, consequently, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

COVID-19,
including the efforts to mitigate its impact, have, and may continue to have, an impact our business, liquidity, results of operations,
financial condition and price of our securities. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the measures designed to contain and mitigate its effects, have had and will likely continue to
have an impact on our business and operations, as well as the operations of our customers. Our operations were moderately impacted by
certain restrictions that were put in place in effort to contain or mitigate the spread of COVID-19, specifically given the increasing
difficulty with travelling abroad for on-site visits with suppliers and other business partners, as well as various packing houses 
restrictions on our entry into their facilities for operational purposes. In the event future variants emerge and trigger additional
restrictions and other preventative measures, such efforts may contribute to an economic downturn, which could decrease consumer spending
on our products and services, as well as impact our ability to expand our customer base or provide additional services to our current
users. 

42 

In
addition, continuation or exacerbation of the global supply chain crisis, whether resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or for reasons
otherwise unrelated, may impact our ability to forecast and control costs for raw materials necessary for our solutions. For instance,
given our dependency on third-party suppliers, our operations may be adversely affected by disruptions or delays to the supply chain
resulting from temporary closures of our supplier s facilities, spikes in demand for our supplier s goods and/or services
from other customers, interruptions in product supply, restrictions on export or shipment or disruptions in product fulfillment due to
closure or delays of our supplier s delivery process. 

Increased
attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters and conservation measures may adversely impact our business
or that of our manufacturers. 

Public
companies are facing increasing scrutiny related to ESG practices and disclosures from certain investors, capital providers, shareholder
advocacy groups, other market participants, and other stakeholder groups. For example, certain institutional and individual investors
have requested various ESG-related information and disclosures as they increasingly incorporate ESG criteria in making investment and
voting decisions. With this increased focus, public reporting regarding ESG practices is becoming more broadly expected. Such increased
scrutiny may result in increased costs, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations, which
continue to evolve, we may be subject to investor or regulator engagement regarding such matters. 

In
addition, new sustainability rules and regulations have been adopted and may continue to be introduced in various states and other jurisdictions.
For example, in June 2022, the SEC published a proposed climate disclosure rule, subject to which we would be required to disclose certain
climate-related information such as governance of climate-related risks and relevant risk management processes that could affect us,
a climate related financial statements matrix and more. While the proposed rule has yet to be finalized and we cannot predict the ultimate
scope and impact this will have on our business, if finalized, it would likely result in additional legal, accounting and financial compliance
and increased general and administrative expenses. Moreover, this could result in increased management time and attention to ensure we
are compliant with the regulations and expectations. Our failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations could lead to penalties
and adversely impact our reputation, access to capital and employee retention. Such ESG matters may also impact third parties on which
we rely, which may augment or cause additional impacts on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Our
relationship with our employees could deteriorate, and certain key employees could leave, which could adversely affect our business and
results of operations. 

Our
business involves complex operations and demands a management team to determine and implement our strategy and workforce that is
knowledgeable and has expertise in many areas necessary for our operations. As a company focused on commercializing our completed
pilots into paying customers in the highly-specialized horticultural post-harvest field, we rely on our ability to attract and
retain skilled employees, consultants and contractors. As of March 27, 2023, we employed six full-time employees and two part-time
employees, including the employees employed by our subsidiary, Save Foods Ltd. Due to certain cost reduction measures recently
implemented (as discussed herein), we have reduced our full-time employee headcount, and anticipate additional and related cuts
during the remainder of 2023. The departure of highly skilled employees, consultants or contractors or one or more employees who
hold key regional management positions could have an adverse impact on our operations, including customers choosing to follow a such
regional manager to one of our competitors. 

In
addition, to execute our growth plan we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees exists; new
members of management must have significant industry expertise when they join us or engage in significant training which, in many cases,
requires significant time before they achieve full productivity. If we fail to attract, train, retain, and motivate our key personnel,
our business and growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

Furthermore,
we are dependent upon the managers to oversee our operations. Thus, there can be no assurance that the managers experience will
be sufficient to successfully achieve our business objectives. All decisions regarding the management of our affairs will be made exclusively
by our officers and directors. In the event these persons are ineffective, our business and results of operation would likely be adversely
affected. 

We
are subject to risks relating to portfolio concentration. 

Our
business is highly dependent on a small number of products, which are based on our main active ingredients. Our core post-harvest business
includes solutions designed to improve the yields of the packing house but mainly ensure food safety and assisting packing houses to
meet the new FSMA requirements. Our ability to market and sell products containing our active ingredient to key service providers for
treatment in post-harvest food safety industry in order to utilize their market position is important to our future success. 

43 

Our
operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing
our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication
of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from
our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause
our stock price to fall. Each of the following factors, among the other risks described herein, may affect our operating results: 

our
 ability to penetrate the packing house industry with our products; 

our
 ability to generate revenue from our products; 

the
 amount and timing, of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, and operations; 

our
 focus on long-term goals over short-term results; 

the
 global economic situation; and 

fluctuations
 in weather conditions and its impact on the growing of fruits and vegetables. 

International
expansion of our business exposes us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with doing
business outside of the United States, Mexico or Israel. 

Other
than our headquarters and other operations which are located in Israel (as further described below), we currently have limited international
operations, but our business strategy incorporates potentially significant international expansion, particularly in anticipation of approval
of our product candidates. We also plan to retain sales representatives and third-party distributors, outside of the United States and
Israel at a later date. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

multiple,
 conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws,
 regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits, and licenses; 

failure
 by us to obtain regulatory approvals for the use of our product candidates in various countries; 

additional
 potentially relevant third-party patent or other intellectual property rights; 

complexities
 and difficulties in obtaining protection and enforcing our intellectual property; 

limits
 in our ability to penetrate international markets; 

financial
 risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises
 on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

natural
 disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment
 of trade, and other business restrictions; 

certain
 expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation and insurance; and 

44 

regulatory
 and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and activities that may fall within the
 purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended (the FCPA its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery
 provisions. 

Any
of these factors could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 

Our
business depends to some extent on international transactions. 

As
a result of the international nature of our business, we are exposed to risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
A majority of our revenues and substantially all of our cost of sales are in USD, whilst our management, marketing, sales and R D
costs are in NIS. We are therefore exposed to foreign currency risk due to fluctuations in exchange rates. This may result in gains or
losses with respect to movements in exchange rates, which may be significant and may also cause fluctuations in reported financial information
that are not necessarily related to our operating results. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to secure and maintain patent or other intellectual property protection for the intellectual property used in our products,
our ability to compete will be harmed. 

Our
commercial success depends, in part, on obtaining and maintaining patent and other intellectual property protection for the proprietary
blend used in our products and our manufacturing process, as well as continuing to develop and secure trade secrets. We might in the
future opt to license intellectual property from other parties. If we, or the other parties from whom we may license intellectual property,
fail to obtain and maintain adequate patent or other intellectual property protection for intellectual property used in our products,
or if any protection is reduced or eliminated, others could use the intellectual property used in our products, resulting in harm to
our competitive business position. In addition, patent and other intellectual property protection may not provide us with a competitive
advantage against competitors that devise ways of making competitive products without infringing any patents that we own or have rights
to. 

U.S.
patents and patent applications may be subject to interference proceedings, and U.S. patents may be subject to re-examination proceedings
in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in the corresponding
foreign patent offices. Any of these proceedings could result in loss of the patent or denial of the patent application, or loss or reduction
in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of
patent laws may also diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our protection. Interference, re-examination
and opposition proceedings may be costly and time consuming, and we, or the other parties from whom we might potentially license intellectual
property, may be unsuccessful in defending against such proceedings. Thus, any patents that we own or might license may provide limited
or no protection against competitors. In addition, our pending patent applications and those we may file in the future may have claims
narrowed during prosecution or may not result in patents being issued. Even if any of our pending or future applications are issued,
they may not provide us with adequate protection or any competitive advantages. Our ability to develop additional patentable technology
is also uncertain. 

Non-payment
or delay in payment of patent fees or annuities, whether intentional or unintentional, may also result in the loss of patents or patent
rights important to our business. Many countries, including certain countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a
patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to other parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against
other parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies,
which could materially diminish the value of the patent. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual
property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

45 

If
we are unable to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary trade secrets and unprotected know-how, our ability to compete
will be harmed. 

Proprietary
trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and unprotected know-how are also very important to our business. We rely on a combination of trade
secrets, copyrights, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions and technical security measures to protect
certain aspects of our technology, especially where we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. We require
our office holders, employees, consultants and distributers of our products and most third parties to execute confidentiality agreements
in connection with their relationships with us. However, these measures may not be adequate to safeguard our proprietary intellectual
property and conflicts may, nonetheless, arise regarding ownership of inventions. Such conflicts may lead to the loss or impairment of
our intellectual property or to expensive litigation to defend our rights against competitors who may be better funded and have superior
resources. Our office holders, employees, consultants and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information
to competitors. In addition, confidentiality agreements may be unenforceable or may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized
disclosure. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Unauthorized
parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products that we consider proprietary. As a result, other
parties may be able to use our proprietary technology or information, and our ability to compete in the market would be harmed. 

We
could become subject to patent and other intellectual property litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s
attention, require us to pay damages and force us to discontinue selling our products. 

Determining
whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of a patent litigation action is often
uncertain. No assurance can be given that patents containing claims covering our products, parts of our products, technology or methods
do not exist, have not been filed or could not be filed or issued. Furthermore, our competitors or other parties may assert that our
products and the methods we employ in the use of our products are covered by U.S. or foreign patents held by them. In addition, because
patent applications can take many years to issue and because publication schedules for pending applications vary by jurisdiction, there
may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may result in issued patents which our current or future products infringe.
Also, because the claims of published patent applications can change between publication and patent grant, there may be published patent
applications with claims that we infringe. There could also be existing patents that one or more of our products or parts may infringe
and of which we are unaware. As the number of competitors in the post-harvest market grows, and as the number of patents issued grows,
the possibility of patent infringement claims against us increases. 

Infringement
actions and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against or by us, whether with or without merit, may cause us
to incur substantial costs and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our
business and harm our reputation. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent or intellectual property
litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. 

We
cannot be certain that we will successfully defend against allegations of infringement of patents and intellectual property rights of
others. In the event that we become subject to a patent infringement or other intellectual property lawsuit and if the other party s
patents or other intellectual property were upheld as valid and enforceable and we were found to infringe the other party s patents
or violate the terms of a license to which we are a party, we could be required to pay damages. We could also be prevented from selling
our products unless we could obtain a license to use technology or processes covered by such patents or will be able to redesign the
product to avoid infringement. A license may not be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms or we may not be able to redesign
our products to avoid infringement. Modification of our products or development of new products could require us to conduct clinical
trials and to revise our filings with the applicable regulatory bodies, which would be time consuming and expensive. In these circumstances,
we may be unable to sell our products at competitive prices or at all, our business and operating results could be harmed. 

46 

We
may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We
may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other
intellectual property. Ownership disputes may arise in the future, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others
who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging
inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material
adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

We
may experience claims that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs
or prevent us from selling our products or services. 

We
continually seek to improve our business processes and develop new products and applications in a crowded patent space that we must continually
monitor to avoid infringement. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience claims that our processes and products infringe issued
patents (whether present or future) or other intellectual property rights belonging to others. 

From
time to time, we oppose patent applications that we consider overbroad or otherwise invalid in order to maintain the ability to operate
freely in our various business lines without the risk of being sued for patent infringement. If, however, patents are subsequently issued
on any such applications by other parties, or if patents belonging to others already exist that cover our products, processes or technologies,
we could experience claims for infringement or have to take other remedial or curative actions to continue our manufacturing and sales
activities with respect to one or more products. Likewise, our competitors may also already hold or have applied for patents in the United
States or abroad that, if enforced or issued, could prevail over our patent rights or otherwise limit our ability to manufacture or sell
one or more of our products in the United States or abroad. Any actions asserted against us could include payment of damages for infringement,
stopping the use, require that we obtain licenses from these parties or substantially re-engineer our products or processes in order
to avoid infringement. We may not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able to re-engineer
our products successfully. Further, intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any
claim, and could divert our management s attention from operating our business. 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Compliance 

If
we or our contractors or service providers fail to comply with laws and regulations, we or they could be subject to regulatory actions,
which could affect our ability to develop, market and sell our products or future products that we may develop and may harm our reputation
in our industry. 

If
we or our manufacturers or other third-party contractors fail to comply with applicable federal, state or foreign laws or regulations,
including with respect to food treatment, we could be subject to regulatory actions, which could affect our ability to develop, market
and sell our current products or any future products which we may develop in the future and could harm our reputation and lead to reduced
demand for or non-acceptance of our proposed products by the market. 

Regulatory
reforms may adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 

From
time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in the United States, Mexico, Israel or other countries in which we operate, that
could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the clearance or approval, manufacture and marketing of our products, including
in the food health industry. In addition, regulations and guidance may often be revised or reinterpreted by the regulatory authorities
in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be
enacted, or interpretations changed, and what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 

47 

Risks
Related to Our Operations in Israel 

Conditions
in Israel may limit our ability to manage and market our products, which would lead to a decrease in revenues. 

Because
most of our operations is conducted in Israel and our management is located in Israel, our operations are directly affected by economic,
political, geopolitical and military conditions affecting Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel
directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have occurred between
Israel and its neighboring countries. These conflicts involved missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of Israel including
most recently, central Israel, and negatively affected business conditions in Israel as well as home starts and the building industry
in Israel. 

Our
facilities are in range of rockets that may be fired from Lebanon, Syria or the Gaza Strip into Israel. In the event that our facilities
are damaged as a result of hostile action or hostilities otherwise disrupt the ongoing operation of our facilities, our ability to deliver
products to customers could be materially and adversely affected. Our commercial insurance in Israel does not cover losses that may occur
as a result of acts of war; however, losses as a result of terrorist attacks to our facilities and disruption to the ongoing operations,
are covered by our insurance for damages of up to 40 million, if such damages are not covered by the Israeli government. Although the
Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we
cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained and will be adequate in the event we submit a claim. Even if insurance
is maintained and adequate, we cannot assure you that it will reduce or prevent any losses that may occur as a result of such actions
or will be exercised in a timely manner to meet our contractual obligations with customers and vendors. 

In
addition, popular uprisings in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa have affected the political stability of those countries.
Such instability may lead to deterioration in the political and trade relationships that exist between the State of Israel and these
countries, such as Turkey, from which we import a significant amount of our raw materials. Moreover, some countries around the world
restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli companies, and additional countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel
and Israeli companies if hostilities in Israel or political instability in the region continues or increases. These restrictions may
limit materially our ability to obtain raw materials from these countries or sell our products to companies and customers in these countries.
In addition, there have been increased efforts by activists to cause companies and consumers to boycott Israeli goods. Such efforts,
particularly if they become more widespread, may materially and adversely impact our ability to sell our products out of Israel. 

Our
employees in Israel, generally males, including executive officers, may be called upon to perform military service on an annual basis
until they reach the age of 40 (and in some cases, up to 45 or 49). In emergency circumstances, they could be called to immediate and
prolonged active duty. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of our employees related to military
service or the absence for extended periods of one or more of our key employees for military service. Such a disruption could materially
and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, the absence of a significant number of the employees of our
Israeli suppliers and contract manufacturers related to military service may disrupt their operations, in which event our ability to
deliver products to customers may be materially and adversely affected. 

Any
hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners, or a significant
downturn in the economic or financial condition of Israel, could materially and adversely affect our operations and product development,
cause our revenues to decrease and materially harm the share price of publicly traded companies with operations in Israel, such as us. 

48 

Furthermore,
the Israeli government is currently pursuing extensive changes to Israel s judicial system. This has sparked extensive political
debate. In response to the foregoing developments, many individuals, organizations and institutions, both within and outside of Israel,
have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively impact the business environment in Israel including due to reluctance of
foreign investors to invest or transact business in Israel as well as to increased currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating,
increased interest rates, increased volatility in security markets, and other changes in macroeconomic conditions. To the extent that
any of these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our ability
to raise additional funds, if deemed necessary by our management and board of directors. 

We
may not be able to enforce covenants not-to-compete under current Israeli law that might result in added competition for our products. 

We
have non-competition agreements with all of our employees, all of which are governed by Israeli law. These agreements prohibit our employees
from competing with or working for our competitors, generally during their employment and for up to 12 months after termination of their
employment. However, Israeli courts are reluctant to enforce non-compete undertakings of former employees and tend, if at all, to enforce
those provisions for relatively brief periods of time in restricted geographical areas, and only when the employee has obtained unique
value to the employer specific to that employer s business and not just regarding the professional development of the employee.
If we are not able to enforce non-compete covenants, we may be faced with added competition. 

It
may be difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers and directors who are based in Israel. 

The
majority of our officers and present directors reside outside of the United States and most of our operations as of December 31, 2022
are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights,
to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities
and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that Israel does not
have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is
unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and Israel would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties
of the federal securities laws. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
may not satisfy Nasdaq s requirements for continued listing. If we cannot satisfy these requirements, Nasdaq could delist our securities. 

Our
Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol SVFD . To continue to be listed on Nasdaq, we are required to satisfy
a number of conditions, including a minimum bid price of at least 1.00 per share of Common Stock, a market value of our publicly held
shares of at least 1 million and shareholders equity of at least 2.5 million. 

If
we are delisted from the Nasdaq, trading in our securities may be conducted, if available, on the OTC Markets or, if available, via another
market. In the event of such delisting, our shareholders would likely find it significantly more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain
accurate quotations as to the value of our securities, and our ability to raise future capital through the sale of our securities could
be severely limited. In addition, if our securities were delisted from the Nasdaq, our Common Stock could be considered a penny
stock under the U.S. federal securities laws. Additional regulatory requirements apply to trading by broker-dealers of penny stocks
that could result in the loss of an effective trading market for our securities. 

49 

The
market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile. 

The
market price of our Common Stock is likely to be volatile. Our Common Stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to
a variety of factors, including the following: 

reports
 of adverse events with respect to the commercialization and distribution of our products; 

inability
 to obtain additional funding; 

any
 delay in filing a regulatory submission for any of our products and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with
 respect to the review of that regulatory submission by the EPA, the FDA or other regulatory authority; 

failure
 to successfully develop and commercialize our products; 

failure
 to enter into strategic collaborations; 

failure
 by us or strategic collaboration partners to prosecute, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to future products; 

inability
 to scale up our manufacturing capabilities through third-party manufacturers, inability to obtain adequate product supply for our
 products or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

introduction
 of new products or technologies by our competitors; 

failure
 to meet or exceed financial projections we may provide to the public; 

failure
 to meet or exceed the financial expectations of the investment community; 

announcements
 of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by our competitors; 

disputes
 or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection
 for our platform technologies, technologies, products or product candidates; 

additions
 or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

significant
 lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

changes
 in the market valuations of similar companies; 

sales
 of our securities by us or our stockholders in the future; and 

trading
 volumes of our securities. 

In
addition, companies trading in the stock market have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market
price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

50 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our share price to
fall. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 

Delaware
law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender
offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent
a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial
to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain
provisions that may make the acquisition of the Company more difficult, including the following: 

our
 stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent
 for any matter; 

our
 board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; 

a
 special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a majority of our board of directors; 

advance
 notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting
 of stockholders; and 

certain
 litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us
to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders
to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for
our Common Stock. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

In
the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs
and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation
could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

51 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our Common Stock, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and we cannot provide any assurance that
analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding
our shares, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analysts
who may cover us were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you
should not rely on an investment in our Common Stock as a source for any future dividend income. Our board of directors has complete
discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount
and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus,
the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiary, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other
factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

We
may need additional capital, and the sale of additional shares or equity or debt securities could result in additional dilution to our
stockholders. 

We
may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including adverse effects
to our business from global inflation and recession related issues. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell
additional equity or debt securities or obtain one or more credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in
additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could
result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. It is uncertain whether financing will be available in
amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

General
Risk Factors 

Disruptions
to our information technology systems due to cyber-attacks or our failure to upgrade and adjust our information technology systems, may
materially impair our operations, hinder our growth and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
believe that an appropriate information technology IT ), infrastructure is important in order to support our daily operations
and the growth of our business. If we experience difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information systems or experience significant
system failures, or if we are unable to successfully modify our management information systems or respond to changes in our business
needs, we may not be able to effectively manage our business, and we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Additionally, if our
current back-up storage arrangements and our disaster recovery plan are not operated as planned, we may not be able to effectively recover
our information system in the event of a crisis, which may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

52 

In
the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, hacktivists,
state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. High-profile security breaches
at other companies and in government agencies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials
have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting businesses such as ours. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt
to breach the security of technology products, services and systems, and to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or others to disclose
information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. We can provide no assurance that our current IT system or any updates or
upgrades thereto and the current or future IT systems of our distributors use or may use in the future, are fully protected against third-party
intrusions, viruses, hacker attacks, information or data theft or other similar threats. Legislative or regulatory action in these areas
is also evolving, and we may be unable to adapt our IT systems or to manage the IT systems of third parties to accommodate these changes.
We have experienced and expect to continue to experience actual or attempted cyber-attacks of our IT networks. Although none of these
actual or attempted cyber-attacks has had a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition, we cannot guarantee that
any such incidents will not have such an impact in the future. 

Failure
to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the FCPA and other anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business,
both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials or commercial
parties in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or gain any advantage. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery
and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives
and agents. In addition, we leverage third parties to sell our products and conduct our business abroad. We and our third-party business
partners, representatives and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or
state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party business
partners and intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, channel partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize
such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures
designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you
that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held
responsible and our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence is established and as we increase sales
and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws and anti-money
laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees,
loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial
diversion of management s attention, a decline in the market price of our Common Stock or overall adverse consequences to our reputation
and business, all of which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
incur additional increased costs as a result of the listing of our Common Stock for trading on Nasdaq, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and reporting requirements. 

As
a public company, we incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses as a result of the listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq.
These include costs associated with corporate governance requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and the Marketplace
Rules of Nasdaq, as well as requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. These rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, introduce costs such as investor relations, stock
exchange listing fees and shareholder reporting, and make some activities more time consuming and costly. Any future changes in the laws
and regulations affecting public companies in the United States, including Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC and the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market may result in increased costs to us as we respond
to such changes. These laws, rules and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

53 

We
face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These new laws,
rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial
reporting, have materially increased the legal and financial compliance costs of small companies and have made some activities more time-consuming
and more burdensome. 

The
ongoing conflict in Ukraine may result in market volatility that could adversely affect our business. 

In
late February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia and other countries
in the region and in the west, including the U.S. Russia s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s
actions, the larger overarching tensions, and Ukraine s military response and the potential for wider conflict may increase financial
market volatility and could have severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets. The foregoing may, in particular, adversely
affect our customers ability to sell produce to Russia or other countries in the geographic vicinity. 

Following
Russia s actions, various countries, including the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany and France, as well as the European
Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia. Such sanctions included, among other things, a prohibition on doing business
with certain Russian companies, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected
Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications electronic banking network that connects
banks globally; and restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. To date the
ongoing conflict has not affected our financial condition, yet the current sanctions (and potential further sanctions in response to
continued Russian military activity) and other actions may have adverse effects on regional and global economic markets, and may result
in increased volatility in the price of our Common Stock. 

If
we fail to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to report our financial results
accurately or meet our reporting obligations. 

The
process of determining whether our existing internal controls over financial reporting systems are compliant with Section 404(a) and
whether there are any material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our existing internal controls requires the investment of substantial
time and resources, including by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other members of our senior management and
finance team. This determination and any remedial actions required could divert internal resources and take a significant amount of time
and effort to complete and could result in us incurring additional costs that we did not anticipate, including the hiring of outside
consultants. We could experience higher than anticipated operating expenses and higher independent auditor fees during and after the
implementation of these changes. 

Irrespective
of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stated results of operations
and harm our reputation. In connection with the issuance of our financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2020, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that we subsequently remediated. If we identify
future material weaknesses in our internal control of financial reporting, and if we are unable to implement any of the required changes
to our internal control over financial reporting effectively or efficiently or are required to do so earlier than anticipated, it could
adversely affect our operations, financial reporting and/or results of operations and could result in an adverse opinion on internal
controls from our management and, once we lose our emerging growth company status, our independent auditors. Further, if our internal
control over financial reporting is not effective, the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned and our share price
may suffer. 

54 

Item
1b. unresolved staff comments 

None. 

Item
2. properties 

Our
commercialization and manufacturing operations are currently conducted at Neve Yarak (Israel) where we lease approximately 230
square meters of space to run our trials. The lease expires on August 31, 2023 with the option to extend the lease agreement for an
additional one-year period. Our current monthly rent payment is NIS 9,180 (approximately 2,500) which includes taxes. 

Our
lease of office space in Miami, Florida was extended in January 2023 for an additional year and is set to expire in January 2024. Our
current monthly rent payment is 630 which includes taxes. 

item
3. legal proceedings 

We
are not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we are a party, or to which any director, officer or affiliate of our Company,
or any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, is a party adverse to us or has a material
interest adverse to us. 

item
4. mine safety disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

part
II 

item
5. market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

The
shares of our Common Stock are currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SVFD . The last reported sales
price of our Common Stock on Nasdaq on March 24, 2023, was 0.74 per share. 

Holders 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 145 holders of record of our Common Stock. These numbers
are not representative of the number of beneficial holders of our shares nor is it representative of where such beneficial holders reside,
since many of these shares were held of record by brokers or other nominees. Action Stock Transfer serves as transfer agent for
our Common Stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We
have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the
development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we maintain two active equity compensation plans: the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018
Plan and the 2022 Share Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The following table presents the information as of December
31, 2022. 

55 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (b) Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2018 Plan 
 192,576 
 3.38 
 91,016 
 
 2022 Plan 
 42,098 
 1.25 
 954,902 
 
 Total equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 234,674 
 3.00 
 1,048,918 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2018
Equity Incentive Plan 

As
of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for the exercise of options granted under 2018 Plan was 91,016. As
of December 31, 2022, 192,576 options to purchase Common Stock were outstanding under the 2018 Plan, at a weighted exercise price of
 3.38, and the last expiration date for any such option is July 1, 2030. 

The
2018 Plan was adopted by our board of directors in October 2018, and became effective immediately thereafter. The 2018 Plan permits the
grant of incentive stock options to employees of the Company, including officers and directors, and non-statutory stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares and other stock or cash awards as
the administrator of the plan may determine, to the Company s employees and service providers. 

2022
Share Incentive Plan 

On August 29, 2022, the Company s
stockholders approved the 2022 Plan, which was previously approved by our board of directors on July 18, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for the exercise of options granted under 2022 Plan was 954,902. 

The
2022 Plan permits the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), shares of common stock,
restricted shares, restricted share units and other share-based awards. The maximum number of ordinary shares available for issuance
under the 2022 Plan is equal to the sum of 1,000,000 shares of common stock, or such number as our board of directors may determine from
time to time. 

The
2022 Plan may be administered by the board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors. Subject to the provisions
of the 2022 Plan, the administrator will have the authority, in its sole discretion to determine subject to applicable law, to interpret
the terms of the 2022 Plan and any award agreements or awards granted thereunder, designate recipients of awards, determine and amend
the terms of awards, including the exercise price of an option award, the fair market value of an ordinary share, the time and vesting
schedule applicable to an award or the method of payment for an award, accelerate or amend the vesting schedule applicable to an award,
prescribe the forms of agreement for use under the 2022 Plan and take all other actions and make all other determinations necessary for
the administration of the 2022 Plan. The administrator also has the authority to amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to
the 2022 Plan or terminate the 2022 Plan at any time before the date of expiration of its ten-year term. 

56 

The
2022 Plan provides for granting awards under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, in compliance with Section 102 of the
Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961 (the Ordinance ), and Section 3(i) of the Ordinance and for awards
granted to our United States employees or service providers, including those who are deemed to be residents of the United States for
tax purposes, Section 422 of the Code and Section 409A of the Code. Section 102 of the Ordinance allows employees, directors and officers
who are not controlling shareholders and are considered Israeli residents to receive favorable tax treatment for compensation in the
form of shares or options. Our non-employee service providers and controlling shareholders may only be granted options under section
3(i) of the Ordinance, which does not provide for similar tax benefits. 

Awards
granted under the 2022 Plan to U.S. residents may qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422
of the Code. The exercise price for incentive stock options must not be less than the fair market value on the date on
which an option is granted, or 110 of the fair market value if the option holder holds more than 10 of our share capital. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions, options may be granted with a per share exercise price of less than 100 of the fair market value per share
on the date of grant pursuant to the issuance or assumption of an option in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies
in a manner consistent with said Section 424(a). 

An
award under the 2022 Plan may be exercised by providing the company with a written or electronic notice of exercise and full payment
of the exercise price for such shares underlying the award, if applicable, in such form and method as may be determined by the administrator
and permitted by applicable law. An award may not be exercised for a fraction of a share. With regard to tax withholding, exercise price
and purchase price obligations arising in connection with awards under the 2022 Plan, the administrator may, in its discretion, accept
cash, provide for net withholding of shares in a cashless exercise mechanism or direct a securities broker to sell shares and deliver
all or a part of the proceeds to the Company or the trustee. 

In
the event of termination of a grantee s employment or service with the company or any of its affiliates, all vested and exercisable
awards held by such grantee as of the date of termination may be exercised within three months after such date of termination, unless
otherwise determined by the administrator. After such three month period, all such unexercised awards will terminate and the shares covered
by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. In the event of termination of a grantee s employment
or service with the company or any of its affiliates due to such grantee s death, permanent disability or retirement, all vested
and exercisable awards held by such grantee as of the date of termination may be exercised by the grantee or the grantee s legal
guardian, estate, or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the award by bequest or inheritance, as applicable, within twelve
months after such date of termination, unless otherwise provided by the administrator. Any awards which are unvested as of the date of
such termination or which are vested but not then exercised within the twelve month period following such date, will terminate and the
shares covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, if a grantee s
employment or services with the company or any of its affiliates is terminated for cause (as defined in the 2022 Plan),
all outstanding awards held by such grantee (whether vested or unvested) will terminate on the date of such termination and the shares
covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. 

Other
than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as otherwise provided under the 2022 Plan, neither the options nor any right in
connection with such options are assignable or transferable. 

In
the event of a share split, reverse share split, share dividend, recapitalization, combination or reclassification of our shares, or
any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares effected without receipt of consideration by the company (but not including
the conversion of any convertible securities of the company), the administrator in its sole discretion shall make an appropriate adjustment
in the number of shares related to each outstanding award and to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan, to the
class and kind of shares subject to the 2022 Plan, as well as the exercise price per share of each outstanding award, as applicable,
the terms and conditions concerning vesting and exercisability and the term and duration of outstanding awards, or any other terms that
the administrator adjusts in its discretion, or the type or class of security, asset or right underlying the award (which need not be
only that of the Company, and may be that of the surviving corporation or any affiliate thereof or such other entity party to any of
the above transactions); provided that any fractional shares resulting from such adjustment shall be rounded down to the nearest whole
share unless otherwise determined by the administrator. In the event of a distribution of a cash dividend to all shareholders, the administrator
may determine, without the consent of any holder of an award, that the exercise price of an outstanding and unexercised award shall be
reduced by an amount equal to the per share gross dividend amount distributed by the Company, subject to applicable law. 

57 

In
the event of a merger or consolidation of our company, or a sale of all, or substantially all, of the Company s shares or assets
or other transaction having a similar effect on the Company, or change in the composition of the board of directors, or liquidation or
dissolution, or such other transaction or circumstances that the board of directors determines to be a relevant transaction, then without
the consent of the grantee, the administrator may but is not required to (i) cause any outstanding award to be assumed or substituted
by such successor corporation, or (ii) regardless of whether or not the successor corporation assumes or substitutes the award (a) provide
the grantee with the option to exercise the award as to all or part of the shares, and may provide for an acceleration of vesting of
unvested awards, or (b) cancel the award and pay in cash, shares of the company, the acquirer or other corporation which is a party to
such transaction or other property as determined by the administrator as fair in the circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
administrator may upon such event amend, modify or terminate the terms of any award as it shall deem, in good faith, appropriate. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted to our directors and officers options to purchase a maximum aggregated number of 42,098
of the Company s Common Stock and issued 3,000 shares of restricted Common Stock, under the 2022 Plan . 42,098 options were
granted at an exercise price of 1 to 1.5 per share, and the latest expiration date for such options is December 31, 2031. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Set
forth below is information regarding shares of Common Stock and preferred stock issued, and options granted, by us during the years ended
December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act. Also included is the consideration, if any, received
by us, for such shares and options and information relating to the Securities Act, or rule of the SEC, under which exemption from registration
was claimed. 

During
July, August and September 2020, we issued: (i) 67,369 shares of Common Stock in respect of the conversion of convertible loans;
(ii) 32,769 units, for an aggregate amount of 250,000, at a price of 7.63 per unit, where each unit consists of one share of Common
Stock and one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock with an exercise price of 8.40 per share. 

During
September 2020, we issued 13,107 units, for an aggregate amount of 100,000, at a purchase price of 7.63 per unit to Medigus Ltd. Medigus ), where each unit consists of one share of Common Stock and one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock
with an exercise price of 8.40 per share. 

During
December 2020, we issued 6,350 shares of Common Stock following the exercise of options. 

On
June 20, 2021, we issued 12,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in exchange for investor relation services. We estimated the value
of the shares issued to be 126,600. 

On
August 2, 2021, we issued 14,285 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in exchange for investor and public relations services. We estimated
the value of the shares issued to be 127,622. 

On
each of August 5, 2021, September 30, 2021 and November 3, 2021, we issued 2,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in exchange for
strategic consulting services, which included digital marketing campaigns. We estimated the value of the shares issued to be 53,856. 

58 

On
November 3, 2021, and May 2, 2022, we issued 700 and 600 shares of Common Stock to a consultant, which related to investor relations
and public relations services provided to the Company pursuant to an agreement between the parties dated June 15, 2021. We estimated
the value of the shares issued to be 5,747 and 4,926, respectively. 

Also
on November 3, 2021, January 27, 2022 and May 2, 2022, we issued 9,000, 12,500 and 12,500 shares of Common Stock to a consultant, which
related to investor relations services provided to the Company pursuant to an agreement between the parties dated October 24, 2021. 

On
March 10, 2022, we issued 14,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant, which related to investor relations services provided to the
Company pursuant to an agreement between the parties dated March 10, 2022. 

On
March 24, 2022, we issued 9,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Joachim Fuchs, which related to services provided to the Company pursuant
to a consulting agreement between the parties dated February 10, 2022. 

On
May 18, 2022, we issued 9,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant, which related to services provided to the Company in connection
with its cross-listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange pursuant to a board resolution dated May 11, 2022. 

On
July 11, 2022 and September 7, 2022 and October 11, 2022 we issued 6,000,7,500 and 710,090 shares of Common Stock, respectively, to a
consultant in consideration for services rendered pursuant to a consulting agreement by and between the Company and the consultant dated
January 9, 2022. 

On
both, May 2, 2022 and August 22, 2022, we issued 12,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in consideration for services rendered
pursuant to an amended consulting agreement by and between the Company and the consultant dated June 26, 2022. 

On
September 7, 2022, we issued 3,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Joachim Fuchs, chairman of the board of directors of our subsidiary,
Save Foods Ltd. This grant and following grants were issued pursuant to the 2022 Plan. 

On
September 7, 2022, we issued 50,000 shares of Common stock to a consultant in consideration for services rendered pursuant to an amended
consulting agreement by and between the Company and the consultant dated September 6, 2022. 

On
October 26, 2022, the Board approved the issuance of 50,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant pursuant to his investor relations
consulting agreement and in addition, quarterly issuances of 9,000 shares of Common Stock commencing January 1, 2023 and ending on December
31, 2024. On November 16, 2022 we issued 50,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any of our equity securities. 

Item
6. selected financial data 

[Reserved] 

59 

item
7. management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-looking Statements for
a discussion of the uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those
discussed below. 

Overview 

We
develop eco-friendly green solutions for the food industry. Our solutions are developed to improve the food safety and
shelf life of fresh produce. We do this by controlling human and plant pathogens, thereby reducing spoilage, and in turn, reducing food
loss. 

Our
products are based on a proprietary blend of food acids which have a synergistic effect when combined with certain types of oxidizing
agent-based sanitizers and fungicides at low concentrations. Our green products are capable of cleaning, sanitizing and controlling pathogens
on fresh produce with the goal of making them safer for human consumption and extending their shelf life by reducing their decay. One
of the main advantages of our products is that our active ingredients do not leave any toxicological residues on the fresh produce we
treat. In contrary, by forming a temporary protective shield around the fresh produce we treat, our products make it difficult for pathogens
to develop and potentially provide protection which also reduces cross-contamination. 

Components
of Results of Operation 

Revenues
and Cost of Revenues 

Our
total revenue consists of products and our cost of revenues consists of cost of products. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of revenues and costs of revenues: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues from sale of products 
 394,004 
 438,141 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (158,313 
 (135,943 
 
 Gross profit 
 235,691 
 302,198 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
current operating expenses consist of three components - research and development expenses, selling and marketing expenses and general
and administrative expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses, net 

Our
research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, share base compensation, professional
fees and other related research and development expenses such as field tests. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of research and development expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 438,217 
 176,520 
 
 Share based compensation 
 3,024 
 19,235 
 
 Subcontractors 
 120,360 
 238,784 
 
 Laboratory and field tests 
 89,717 
 20,025 
 
 Depreciation 
 22,034 
 38,166 
 
 Other expenses 
 97,474 
 45,954 
 
 Total 
 770,826 
 538,684 

60 

Following
careful consideration, our board of directors decided to implement certain cost reduction measures in 2023, including, inter
alia, the reduction of our research and development expenses. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, share based compensation and other expenses. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of selling and marketing expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 256,700 
 30,329 
 
 Share based compensation 
 3,024 
 7,694 
 
 Professional services 
 167,084 
 90,249 
 
 Travel expenses 
 52,721 
 - 
 
 Other expenses 
 88,069 
 72,027 
 
 Total 
 567,598 
 200,299 

We
expect that our selling and marketing expenses will increase as we continue to increase our selling and marketing efforts including commercial
validation pilots and recruit additional employees or contractor to support our selling and marketing efforts in our targeted geographical
areas. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional services, share based compensation and other non-personnel related expenses. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of general and administrative expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Professional services 
 2,575,294 
 2,527,076 
 
 Share based compensation 
 934,188 
 598,699 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 297,848 
 214,570 
 
 Legal expenses 
 108,814 
 160,814 
 
 Insurance 
 473,650 
 473,985 
 
 Registration fees 
 233,350 
 233,395 
 
 Other expenses 
 93,765 
 58,315 
 
 Total 
 4,716,909 
 4,266,854 

61 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the changes in those
items in dollars: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues from sales of products 
 394,004 
 438,141 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (158,313 
 (135,943 
 
 Gross profit 
 235,691 
 302,198 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 (770,826 
 (538,684 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 (567,598 
 (200,299 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (4,716,909 
 (4,266,854 
 
 Operating loss 
 (5,819,642 
 (4,703,639 
 
 Finance income (expenses), net 
 39,801 
 (161,737 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (5,779,841 
 (4,865,376 
 
 Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 40,241 
 44,796 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 
 (5,739,600 
 (4,820,580 
 
 Loss per share (basic and diluted) 
 (1.64 
 (2.06 
 
 Weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding 
 3,498,273 
 2,343,088 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 394,004, a decrease of 44,137, or 10 , compared to total revenues of 438,141 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly a result of a decrease in sales due to adverse
weather conditions , which caused a reduction in citrus production. 

We
do not have backlogs or firm commitments from our customers for our products. Our sales might deteriorate if we fail to achieve commercial
success or obtain regulatory approval of any of our products. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales consists primarily of salaries, materials, and overhead costs of manufacturing our products. Cost of revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 158,313, an increase of 22,370, or 16 , compared to total cost of revenues of 135,943 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase is mainly a result of an increase in the prices of raw materials 
offset partially by a decrease in salaries. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 235,691, a decrease of 66,507, or 22 , compared to gross loss of 302,198 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly a result of the decrease in revenues, as detailed above as well as an increase in the
prices of raw materials. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist of salaries and related expenses, share base compensation, consulting fees, service providers 
costs, related materials and overhead expenses. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 770,826,
an increase of 232,142, or 43 , compared to total research and development expenses of 538,684 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase is mainly attributable to an increase in salaries and related expenses and field tests offset partially by a decrease in
subcontractor s expenses. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for selling and marketing personnel, travel related expenses and
services providers. Selling and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 567,598, an increase of 367,299, or 183 ,
compared to total selling and marketing expenses of 200,299 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly attributable
to the increase in salaries and related expenses and professional services expenses. 

62 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses including share based compensation and other non-personnel
related expenses such as legal expenses and directors and insurance costs. General and administrative expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 4,716,909 , an increase of 450,055 , or 11 , compared to total general and administrative expenses of 4,266,854 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly a result of the increase in share-based compensation to our employees and service
providers, salaries and related expenses and professional services, offset partially by a decrease in legal expenses. 

Financing
Income (Expenses), Net 

Financing
income, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 39,801, a decrease of 201,538, or 125 , compared to total financing expenses
of 161,737 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in financing expenses is mainly a result of decrease in changes in fair
value of our convertible loans fully converted during 2021 as well as interest and currency exchange gains on our cash balances. 

Total
Comprehensive Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, our total comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,779,841, compared to 4,865,376 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 914,465, or 19 . 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The
global spread of COVID-19 led many countries, including the United States, Europe and Israel (where we maintain material operations),
to impose stringent limitations on movement, gatherings, transit of passengers and goods and to close the borders between countries.
The responses of governments have notably impacted many economies as well as capital markets worldwide. While we have no and do not expect
to experience any material impact on our overall liquidity and outlook, it is not possible at this time to estimate the full impact the
COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business results of operations and financial condition. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We
describe our significant accounting policies more fully in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report. We believe that the accounting policy described in Note 2 is critical in order to fully understand and evaluate our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We prepare
our financial statements in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America GAAP ).
At the time of the preparation of the financial statements, our management is required to use estimates, evaluations and assumptions which
affect the application of the accounting policy and the amounts reported for assets, obligations, income and expenses. Any estimates and
assumptions are continually reviewed. The changes to the accounting estimates are credited during the period in which the change to the
estimate is made. 

63 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Employees
and other service providers of the Company may receive benefits by way of stock-based compensation settled with company options exercised
for shares of our Common Stock. The cost of transactions with employees settled with capital instruments is measured based on the fair
value of the capital instruments on the granting date. The fair value is determined using an accepted options pricing model. The model
is based on share price, grant date and on assumptions regarding expected volatility and expected lifespan. 

The
cost of the transactions settled with capital instruments is recognized in profit or loss together with a corresponding increase in the
equity over the period in which the performance and/or service takes place, and ending on the date on which the relevant employees are
entitled to the benefits (the Vesting Period ). The aggregate expense recognized for transactions settled with capital instruments
at the end of each reporting date and until the Vesting Period reflects the degree to which the Vesting Period has expired. The expense
or income in profit or loss reflects the change of the aggregate expense recognized as of the end of the reported period. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable
and accounts payable and capital expenditures. Since our inception through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations principally
with approximately 20 million (net of issuance expenses) from the issuance of shares of our Common Stock, options and
loans. 

The
table below presents our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (5,097,126 
 (4,113,307 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (51,689 
 (67,749 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,094,940 
 10,725,016 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (1,056,841 
 6,542,317 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 5,700,709, as compared to 6,750,938 as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had a
working capital of 5,557,595, as compared to 6,297,793 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in our cash balance is mainly attributable
to cash used in operations. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 5,097,126 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4,113,307 for the year ended December
31, 2021 an increase of 983,819. The increase is mainly attributable to the increase in our net loss of 914,465 as well as decrease
in liability for employee rights upon retirement and in accounts payables, partially offset by decrease in other current assets and in
share-based compensation. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 51,689 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash used in investing activities
of 67,749 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly attributable to the decrease in purchase of property and equipment. 

64 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 4,094,940 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 10,725,016 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly the result of proceeds from the May 2021 Underwritten Offering described above and conversions
of convertible loans which occurred during the second quarter of 2021 as compared to proceeds from the August 2022 Underwritten Offering
described above. 

Financial
Arrangements 

Since
our inception, we have financed our operation primarily through proceeds from sales of our shares of Common Stock and convertible loan
agreements. 

On
June 24, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the June 2020 SPA with the December 2019 Lenders in connection
with the sale and issuance of 67,369 units, at a purchase price of 7.63 per unit. Each unit consists of: (i) one share of the Company s
Common Stock; and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock with an exercise price of 8.40. In connection with the June
2020 SPA, the Company issued to the December 2019 Lenders an aggregate of 67,369 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 67,369 shares of Common Stock. The shares of Common Stock were issued on July 2, 2020. 

Simultaneous
with and conditioned upon the execution of the June 2020 SPA, the Company and each of the December 2019 Lenders, agreed to effectively
cancel the December 2019 CLA and the equity securities issued thereunder. In connection therewith, each of the December 2019 Lenders,
voluntarily waived any right to receive interest that accrued thereupon pursuant to the December 2019 CLAs. 

On
September 23, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the September 2020 SPA with Medigus in connection with the sale and issuance of 13,107 units, at a purchase price of 7.63 per unit, and for an aggregate purchase price
of 100,000. Each unit consists of: (i) one share of Common Stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock with an
exercise price of 1.20. In connection with the September 2020 SPA, the Company issued to Medigus an aggregate of 13,107 shares of Common
Stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,107 shares of Common Stock. Furthermore, the September 2020 SPA contemplates an additional
investment by Medigus not to exceed 25,000 (the Additional Investment ), which investment shall be triggered following
the parties initiation of a proof of concept procedure to test the effectiveness of the Company s sanitizers and its residual
effects against different pathogens. In consideration for the Additional Investment, the Company has agreed to issue an additional 3,277
units at a purchase price of 7.63, which units shall contain the same composition of securities as described in the aforementioned description
of the September 2020 SPA. 

During
September 2020, we entered into a series of convertible loan agreements (each a September 2020 CLA with certain lenders
(the September 2020 Lenders ), to sell convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 125,000 (the
 September 2020 Notes ). The September 2020 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5 per annum. The outstanding loan amount
will mature on the earlier of (i) the third anniversary of each September 2020 CLA or (ii) a deemed liquidation event (as defined therein).
The loan amount represented by the September 2020 Notes will be repaid to the September 2020 Lenders according to the following schedule:
(i) the principal amount represented by the September 2020 Notes will be repaid in four bi-annual installments, commencing on the first
anniversary following the closing of each September 2020 CLA, and (ii) the interest accrued on the loan amount will be paid in two bi-annual
installments, commencing on the first anniversary of the first payment of that principal amount. The September 2020 Lenders may convert
all or any portion of the September 2020 Notes into shares of Common Stock at any time prior to the closing of an underwritten public
offering (the Mandatory Conversion Event ), at a conversion price of 7.63 per share. In addition, the September 2020 Notes
will be automatically converted into shares of Common stock immediately prior to a Mandatory Conversion Event, at a conversion price
as shall be determined in connection with the Mandatory Conversion Event. 

65 

During
October 2020, we entered into a series of convertible loan agreements (each a October 2020 CLA with certain lenders (the
 October 2020 Lenders ), to sell convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 100,000 (the October
2020 Notes ). The October 2020 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5 per annum. The outstanding loan amount will mature on the
earlier of (i) the third anniversary of each October 2020 CLA or (ii) a deemed liquidation event (as defined therein). The loan amount
represented by the October 2020 Notes will be repaid to the October 2020Lenders according to the following schedule: (i) the principal
amount represented by the notes will be repaid in four bi-annual installments, commencing on the first anniversary following the closing
of each October 2020 CLA, and (ii) the interest accrued on the loan amount will be paid in two bi-annual installments, commencing on
the first anniversary of the first payment of that principal amount. The October 2020 Notes will be automatically converted into shares
of Common stock immediately prior to a Mandatory Conversion Event, at a conversion price as shall be determined in connection with the
Mandatory Conversion Event. In addition, the October 2020 Lenders may convert all or any portion of the notes into shares of Common Stock
at any time prior to a Mandatory Conversion Event, at a conversion price of 7.63 per share. 

During
January 2021, we entered into a series of convertible loan agreements (each a January 2021 CLA with certain lenders (the
 January 2021 Lenders ), to sell convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 274,000 (the January
2021 Notes ). The January 2021 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5 per annum. The outstanding loan amount matures on the earlier
of (i) the third anniversary of each January 2021 CLA or (ii) a deemed liquidation event (as defined therein). The loan amount represented
by the January 2021 Notes will be repaid to the January 2021 Lenders according to the following schedule: (i) the principal amount represented
by the notes will be repaid in four bi-annual installments, commencing on the first anniversary following the closing of each January
2021 CLA, and (ii) the interest accrued on the loan amount will be paid in two bi-annual installments, commencing on the first anniversary
of the first payment of that principal amount. The January 2021 Notes will be automatically converted into shares of Common stock immediately
prior to a Mandatory Conversion Event, at a conversion price as shall be determined in connection with the Mandatory Conversion Event.
In addition, the January 2021 Lenders may convert all or any portion of the notes into shares of Common Stock at any time prior to a
Mandatory Conversion Event, at a conversion price of 7.63 per share. 

As
part of the September 2020 CLAs, the October 2020 CLAs and the January 2021 CLAs, we entered into a registration rights agreement with
each of the September 2020 Lenders, October 2020 Lenders and the January 2021 Lenders, whereby each of such lenders received piggyback
registration rights for the shares issuable upon conversion of the September 2020 Notes, October 2020 Notes and the January 2021 Notes
to shares of Common Stock. 

Current
Outlook 

We
have financed our operations to date primarily through proceeds from sales of our shares of Common Stock. We have incurred losses and
generated negative cash flows from operations since inception in 2009. Most of our revenues are currently generated in U.S. dollars from
the sale of our products and services. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were 5,700,709. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be
sufficient to fund our current operations until at least December 2024. In addition, our operating plans may change as a result of
many factors that may currently be unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 progress and costs of our studies and other research and development activities; 

the
 costs of manufacturing our products; 

the
 costs and timing of obtaining regulatory approval for our products; 

66 

the
 costs of filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the
 potential costs of contracting with third parties to provide marketing and distribution services for us or for building such capacities
 internally; and 

the
 magnitude of our general and administrative expenses. 

item
7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

item
8. financial statements and supplementary data 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On
July 25, 2021, our Board of Directors approved the dismissal of Halperin Ilanit CPA, or Halperin, as its independent registered accounting
firm, effective as of the same date, and appointed Somekh Chaikin, member firm of KPMG International, as our new independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, effective as of the same date. There were no disagreements with accountants
on accounting and financial disclosure of a type described in Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) or any reportable event as described in Item 304 (a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K occurred within the Company s two most recent fiscal years. 

item
9a. controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

67 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements
in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management has concluded,
based on its assessment, that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to the Company s status as an
emerging growth company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or
are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9b. Other information 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

68 

part
iii 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and corporate governance 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers, key employees and directors as of the date hereof: 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Amitay
 Weiss (1) (6) 
 
 71 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

David
 Palach 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dan
 Sztybel 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer of Save Foods Ltd. 

Lital
 Barda 
 
 36 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Ronen
 Rosenbloom (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) 
 
 51 
 
 Director 

Israel
 Berenshtein (1) (2) (4) (5) 
 
 51 
 
 Director 

Eliahou
 Arbib (1) (2) (3) (4) (7) 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Udi
 Kalifi (1) (3) (7) 
 
 44 
 
 Director

(1) 
 Independent
 Director 

(2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 

(3) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 

(4) 
 Member
 of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

(5) 
 Member
 of Class I with a term ending at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. 

(6) 
 Member
 of Class II with a term ending at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

(7) 
 Member
 of Class III with a term ending at 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Amitay
Weiss, Director 

Mr.
Weiss has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2020 and as our chairman of the board of directors since May
24, 2021. Mr. Weiss also serves as a director in other public companies, including but not limited to Gix Internet Ltd., Arazim Investments
Ltd., Maris-Tech Ltd. and Upsellon Brands Holdings Ltd. Mr Weiss also serves as Chairman of the Board for Automax Motors Ltd., Clearmind
Medicine Inc., SciSparc Ltd. and Internet Golden Lines Ltd. amongst others. In April 2016, Mr. Weiss founded Amitay Weiss Management
Ltd., an economic consulting company and serves as its chief executive officer. Mr. Weiss holds a B.A in economics from New England College,
an M.B.A. in business administration from Ono Academic College in Israel, an Israeli branch of University of Manchester and an LL.B from
the Ono Academic College. 

69 

David
Palach, Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Palach has served as our chief executive officer since January 2021. Mr. Palach has owned and served as chief executive officer of
S.T. Sporting LTD and Sun Light Lightning Solutions LTD, companies operating in the environmental industry since 2009 and 2015,
respectively. Mr. Palach holds a BBA in Accounting from Baruch College/City University of New York and completed a Directors Course at
Bar Ilan University in Israel. Mr. Palach previously maintained a certified public accounting license in the State of Maryland. 

Dan
Sztybel, Chief Executive Officer of Save Foods Ltd. 

Mr.
Sztybel has served as the chief executive officer of Save Foods Ltd. since April 2019. Mr. Sztybel previously served as the chief
executive officer of the Company from April 2019 to January 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Sztybel served as our vice president of business
development from October 2018 to March 2019. Prior to joining us, Mr. Sztybel has served as principal at Goldmed Ltd., a consulting firm
from September 2016 to September 2018. Mr. Sztybel is the founder of Dan Sztybel Consulting Group, a boutique firm advising global leaders
and emerging startups in the healthcare field on strategy, partnerships, and investments and has served as its managing director/ since
November 2014. Mr. Sztybel is also the co-founder of MyndYou, a digital health-tech company. Prior to that, Mr. Sztybel led the life
sciences and healthcare advisory team at Kost, Forer, Gabbay Kasierer, a member firm of Ernst Young Global from July 2007
to November 2014. Mr. Sztybel received his B.Sc. and M.Sc. in molecular biology and biotechnology from Bar-Ilan University. Mr. Sztybel
also completed a special EY-Kellogg-Recanati business program for employee excellence. 

Lital
Barda, Chief Financial Officer 

Lital
Barda has served as our chief financial officer since April 2022. In addition to her role as chief financial officer, Ms. Barda currently
serves as an accountant and financial controller for Shlomo Zakai, CPA, a position she has held since November 2017, and provided a wide
range of accounting and controlling services for publicly traded and private companies, including for the Company. Ms. Barda holds a
B.A. in accounting from the Ono Academic College in Kiryat Ono, Israel. Ms. Barda is also a certified public accountant in Israel. 

Ronen
Rosenbloom, Director 

Mr.
Rosenbloom has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2020. Mr. Rosenbloom is an independent lawyer and has been
working out of a self-owned law firm specializing in white collar offences since 2004. Mr. Rosenbloom has served on the board of directors
of Medigus Ltd. (Nasdaq and TASE: MDGS) since September 2018 and ScoutCam Inc. (OTC: SCTC) since December 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Rosenbloom
served as chairman of the Israeli Money Laundering Prohibition committee and the Prohibition of Money Laundering Committee of the Tel
Aviv District, both of the Israel Bar Association from November 2015 to December 2019. Mr. Rosenbloom holds an LL.B. from the Ono Academic
College, an Israeli branch of University of Manchester. 

Israel
Berenshtein, Director 

Mr.
Berenshtein has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2020. Mr. Berenshtein has also served on the board of directors
of Chrion Refineries Ltd. (TASE: CHR) since May 2019 and recently started working as a lawyer in Ben Yakov, Shvimer, Dolv - Law Office.
He previously served in the legal department of Sonol Israel Ltd. since April 2010 to December 2020. Before that, Mr. Berenshtein worked
as a commercial lawyer and litigator for a leading Israeli law firm from July 2000 to April 2010. Mr. Berenshtein earned an LL.B. in
law and an M.A. in political science from Bar Ilan University, Israel. Mr. Berenshtein was admitted to the Israel Bar Association in
2000. 

70 

Eliahou
Arbib, Director 

Mr.
Arbib has served as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Mr. Arbib has also served as chairman of the board of
directors of Chiron Refineries Ltd. (TASE: CHR) since September 2016. He has also the current owner and manager of Eliahou Arbib Law
Offices, since May 2013. Prior to that, from 1993 until 2000, Mr. Arbib was the managing director of AA Arbib Agriculture Supply Ltd.
Mr. Arbib holds an LLB from the Law and Business Academic Center of Ramat Gan, Israel. Mr. Arbib has been an active member of the Israeli
Bar Association since 2013, and served as deputy chairman of the Security and Defense Committee of the Israeli Bar Association since
2014. 

Udi
Kalifi, Director 

Mr.
Kalifi has served as a member of our board of directors since May 18, 2021. Mr. Kalifi is the owner and manager of Udi Kalifi Law
Offices since 2006. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Matomi Media Group Ltd. (TASE: MTMY) since May 2020.
Mr. Kalifi holds an LLB, BSc in Accounting and LLM from the Tel Aviv University, Israel and a master s degree in law and economics
from the University of Bologna, Humbourg and Roterdam. Mr. Kalifi has been an active member of the Israeli Bar Association since 2006. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters
in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set
forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Composition
of Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five directors. Our directors are appointed by the board of directors at the annual general
meeting. Each director s term will continue until the annual meeting of the stockholders held following his or her election and
the election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. 

When
considering whether directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, taken as a whole, to enable our board of directors
to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the board of directors focuses primarily
on each person s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual
biographies set forth above. We believe that our directors provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and
nature of our business. 

71 

Arrangements
for Election of Directors and Members of Management 

There
are no arrangements or understandings with major stockholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which any of our executive
management or our directors were selected. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that Ronen Rosenbloom, Israel Berenshtein, Amitay Weiss, Eliahou Arbib and Udi Kalifi do not have a
relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that
each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq
Rules ). 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors directs the management of our business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through
meetings of the board of directors and standing committees. We will have a standing audit committee, nominating and corporate governance
committee and compensation committee following the consummation of this offering. In addition, from time to time, special committees
may be established under the direction of the board of directors when necessary to address specific issues. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

appointing,
 compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 with our independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management; 

reviewing
 with our independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit; 

approving
 all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing
 the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the quarterly
 and annual consolidated financial statements that we file with the SEC; 

overseeing
 our financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

reviewing
 our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 related person transactions; and 

establishing
 procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing
 matters. 

Our
audit committee consists of Udi Kalifi, Eliahou Arbib and Ronen Rosenbloom, with Udi Kalifi serving as chair. Our board of directors
has affirmatively determined that Udi Kalifi, Eliahou Arbib and Ronen Rosenbloom each meet the definition of independent director 
for purposes of serving on the audit committee under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and Nasdaq Rules. Each member of our audit committee
also meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, our board of directors has determined that Udi
Kalifi will qualify as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
Our board of directors adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which is available on our principal corporate website at www.savefoods.co . 

72 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

overseeing
 our succession plan for the CEO and other executive officers; 

overseeing
 the evaluation of the effectiveness of our board of directors and its committees; and 

developing
 and recommending to our board of directors a set of corporate governance guidelines. 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Ronen Rosenbloom, Israel Berenshtein and Eliahou Arbib, with Ronen Rosenbloom
serving as chair. Our board of directors adopted a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is available
on our principal corporate website at www.savefoods.co . 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of our chief executive officer and other executive officers; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding director compensation; and 

appointing
 and overseeing any compensation consultants. 

Our
compensation committee consists of Ronen Rosenbloom, Israel Berenshtein and Eliahou Arbib, with Israel Berenshtein serving as chair.
Our board has determined that Ronen Rosenbloom, Israel Berenshtein and Eliahou Arbib meet the definition of independent director 
for purposes of serving on the compensation committee under Nasdaq Rules, including the heightened independence standards for members
of a compensation committee, and are non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our board of
directors adopted a written charter for the compensation committee, which is available on our principal corporate website at www.savefoods.co . 

Risk
Oversight 

Our
board of directors is responsible for overseeing our risk management process. Our board of directors focuses on our general risk management
strategy, the most significant risks facing us, and oversees the implementation of risk mitigation strategies by management. Our audit
committee is also responsible for discussing our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Our board of directors
believes its administration of its risk oversight function has not negatively affected our board of directors leadership structure. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the members of our compensation committee is or has been an officer or employee of the Company. None of our executive officers serves
as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that
has one or more of its executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. 

73 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of
our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and
other equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of copies of Section 16(a) reports and representations
received by us from reporting persons, a Form 4 filed by Udi Kalifi, a member of our Board of Directors, was filed late. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
A copy of the code is posted on our website, www.savefoods.co. In addition, we post on our website all disclosures that are required
by law or Nasdaq listing standards concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. 

Change in Procedures for
Recommending Directors 

 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders
may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors from those procedures set forth in our Proxy Statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, filed with the SEC on July 18, 2022. 

item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Name and principal position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 David Palach 
 2022 
 134,844 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 134,844 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2021 
 164,017 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 164,017 

Dan Sztybel 
 2022 
 221,114 
 15,000 
 - 
 7,771 
 - 
 243,885 
 
 Former co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Save Foods Ltd. (2) 
 2021 
 289,087 
 65,000 
 - 
 73,974 
 - 
 428,061 

Neta Matis 
 2022 
 202,366 
 15,000 
 - 
 6,047 
 - 
 223,413 
 
 Chief Operating Officer of Save Foods Ltd. (3) 
 2021 
 250,570 
 55,000 
 - 
 44,962 
 - 
 350,532 

Lital Barda 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shlomo Zakai 
 2022 
 178,948 
 25,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 203,948 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 2021 
 210,470 
 30,000 
 - 
 3,049 
 - 
 243,519 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Palach was appointed as the Company s co-Chief Executive Officer on November 5, 2020, and as the Company s Chief Executive
 Officer of the Company on January 11, 2021, upon the resignation of Mr. Sztybel. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Sztybel resigned from his position as co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective January 11, 2021, and thereafter continued
 serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Save Foods Ltd. 

(3) 
 On
 January 19, 2023, the Company notified Ms. Matis of her termination of employment as Chief Operating Officer and Head of Science
 of Save Foods Ltd., effective April 19, 2023. 

(4) 
 Ms. Barda s compensation is paid by Shlomo Zakai, CPA, for services
she renders to the Company. The compensation of 72,500 is included within the 203,948 amount paid by the Company to Shlomo Zakai for
said services. The terms of Ms. Barda s compensation were previously disclosed in a Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on April 18,
2022. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Zakai resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective May 18, 2021, and thereafter continued serving
 as a financial controller of the Company. 

74 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table provides information about the number of outstanding equity awards held by each of our named executive officers as of
December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (Exercisable) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (Unexercisable) 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested 
 
 David Palach 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dan Sztybel 
 14,286 
 - 
 3.15 
 1/3/2029 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Save Foods Ltd. 
 28,572 
 - 
 3.15 
 4/2/2029 

28,572 
 - 
 3.78 
 7/1/2030 

Lital Barda 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Neta Matis 
 7,143 
 - 
 3.15 
 1/3/2029 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Operating Officer of Save Foods Ltd. 
 7,143 
 - 
 3.15 
 10/31/2029 

21,143 
 - 
 3.15 
 6/23/2030 

Shlomo Zakai 
 9,524 
 - 
 3.15 
 1/3/2029 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Employment
Agreements with Executive Officers 

We,
and through our Israeli subsidiary, have entered into written employment agreements with certain of our executive officers. We have entered
into written employment and service agreement with each of our executive officers. Such employment and service agreement will contain
customary provisions and representations, including confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and inventions assignment undertakings
by the executive officers. However, the enforceability of the noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. In addition,
we entered into agreements with each executive officer and director pursuant to which we will indemnify each of them up to a certain
amount and to the extent that these liabilities are not covered by directors and officers insurance. 

Consulting
Agreement with David Palach 

On
November 6, 2020, we entered into a consulting agreement with S.T Sporting (1996) Ltd., for the services of David Palach (the CEO
Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the CEO Consulting Agreement, Mr. Palach provides us services as chief executive
officer. Pursuant to the terms of the CEO Consulting Agreement, Mr. Palach was entitled to a monthly fee in the amount of 8,000 plus
value added tax per month and a grant of options to purchase shares of our Common Stock, which amount shall be determined by good faith
negotiations by the board of directors on a future date. 

On
June 23, 2021, our board of directors approved updated compensation for Mr. Palach pursuant to which Mr. Palach is entitled to a (1)
monthly fee of 14,000 plus value added tax per month, (2) reimbursement of expenses not exceeding 500 per month (3) one-time grant
of options to purchase shares of Common Stock representing 4.5 of the Company s outstanding capital stock as of the date of June
23, 2021, and (4) the immediate repayment of 8,000, representing debt payable to Mr. Palach that accrued during the period beginning
November 2020 until April 2021. 

On
August 29, 2022, the monthly fee of Mr. Palach was reduced to 6,000. 

75 

Services
Agreement with Dan Sztybel 

On
October 10, 2018, Save Foods Ltd. entered into a service agreement (as amended on March 28, 2019, the Save Foods Ltd. CEO Services
Agreement with Mr. Sztybel and Dan Sztybel Consulting Group Ltd., a consulting services company owned and controlled by Mr. Sztybel,
pursuant to which Mr. Sztybel provides us with services as the chief executive officer of Save Foods Ltd. Pursuant to the terms of the
Save Foods Ltd. CEO Services Agreement, Mr. Sztybel is currently entitled to a monthly fee in the amount of NIS 47,125 (approximately
 14,500) plus value added tax and car allowance in the amount of NIS 3,250 (approximately 1,000) plus value added tax per month. In
addition, under the Save Foods Ltd. CEO Services Agreement, Mr. Sztybel was granted options to purchase shares of our Common Stock, including
the following: 

(a) 
 Options
 to purchase up to 14,286 shares of Common Stock, under our Equity Incentive Plan, in the event that we will receive EPA and FDA approvals
 by the end of the second quarter of 2020. Such conditions were not met as of June 30, 2020. 

(b) 
 Options
 to purchase up to 28,572 shares of Common Stock, under our Equity Incentive Plan. 

Both
parties may terminate the Save Foods Ltd. CEO Services Agreement at any time for any reason upon a 30-day prior written notice. 

Commencing
April 2020, the Company and Mr. Sztybel agreed to temporarily reduce the monthly fixed fee to 9,000 per month. 

On
July 13, 2021, Save Foods Ltd. entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Sztybel as its Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which
Mr. Sztybel is employed by Save Foods Ltd. on a full time basis. In accordance with the foregoing agreement, Mr. Sztybel is entitled
to a gross salary of NIS 54,000 (approximately 17,400) and certain additional social benefits customarily provided to officers of similar
companies in Israel. On November 3, 2021, Save Foods Ltd. entered into an amendment to the employment agreement with Mr. Sztybel, according
to which, effective October 1, 2021, the gross salary of Mr. Sztybel will be reduced to NIS 45,880 (approximately 14,800). In addition,
it was agreed that in the event that the agreement with Mr. Sztybel would be terminated by Save Foods Ltd. Prior to the lapse of 18 months
following May 30, 2021, Mr. Sztybel would be entitled to a dismissal grant in an amount equal to Mr. Sztybel s last salary multiplied
by the number of months left between the termination date and November 30, 2022. 

On
June 23, 2021, our board of directors approved a one-time lump sum bonus to Mr. Sztybel in an amount of 65,000 in connection with his
contributions to the Company s uplist to the Nasdaq Capital Market which closed on May 13, 2021. 

Employment
Agreement with Lital Barda 

On
April 18, 2022, we entered into an consulting agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Lital Barda In accordance with the terms
of Ms. Barda s agreement, she is entitled to a monthly base salary of NIS 25,000, and a grant of options to purchase such number
of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as shall be agreed upon between Ms. Barda and the Board on
a future date, and which shall be in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Plan. 

Director
Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation we paid our non-executive directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Amitay Weiss 
 116,300 
 - 
 - 
 116,300 
 
 Eliahou Arbib 
 36,653 
 - 
 - 
 36,653 
 
 Udi Kalifi 
 36,653 
 - 
 - 
 36,653 
 
 Israel Berenshtein 
 36,653 
 - 
 - 
 36,653 
 
 Ronen Rosenbloom 
 36,653 
 - 
 - 
 36,653 

76 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder matters 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
table below provides information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 22, 2023 of (i) each of our current
directors, (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers, (iii) all of our current directors and officers as a group, and (iv) each person
(or group of affiliated persons) known to us who owns more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. 

The
beneficial ownership of our Common Stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed
to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting
of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security. For purposes
of the table below, we deem shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within
60 days of March 22, 2023, if any, to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the options or warrants for
the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but we do not treat them as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. The percentage of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned is based on 4,658,726 shares
of Common Stock outstanding as of March 22, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated below, the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Save Foods, Inc., HaPardes 134 (Meshek
Sander), Neve Yarak, Israel. 

Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 5 or more shareholders: 

Directors and named executive officers who are not 5 holders: 

Amitay Weiss ) 
 - 

Eliahou Arbib ) 
 - 

Udi Kalifi ) 
 27,692 

Israel Berenshtein ) 
 - 

Ronen Rosenbloom ) 
 - 

Dan Sztybel (2) 
 74,605 
 1.58 
 
 David Palach 
 - 

Lital Barda 
 - 

All directors and named executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 102,297 
 2.2 

Indicates
 director of the Company. 

Indicates
 beneficial ownership of less than 1 of total Common Stock outstanding. 

(1) 
 The percentages shown are based on 4,658,726 Common Stock issued and outstanding
as of the date of March 22, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of (i) 3,175 shares of Common Stock and (ii) options to purchase
71,430 shares of Common Stock, which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 22, 2023. 

77 

Change
in Control 

We
are not aware of any arrangement that might result in a change in control in the future. We have no knowledge of any arrangements, including
any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in the Company s
control. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2020, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which the amount involved
exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
years, and any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family
member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. 

Employment
Agreements 

Certain
of our executive officers have employment and service agreements with us. We have entered into written employment and service agreement
with each of our executive officers. Such employment and service agreement will contain customary provisions and representations, including
confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and inventions assignment undertakings by the executive officers. However, the enforceability
of the noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. See Management-Employment Agreements with Executive Officers 
and - Service Contracts with Non-Executive Directors. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require
us or will require us to indemnify each director and executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification
of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive officer in any
action or proceeding, including any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director
or executive officer. For further information, see Executive and Director Compensation-Limitations of Liability and Indemnification. 

Stock
Options 

Since
our inception, we have granted options to purchase shares of our Common Stock to our officers and certain of our directors. Such option
agreements may contain acceleration provisions upon certain merger, acquisition, or change of control transactions. We describe our option
plans under Executive and Director Compensation-Equity Incentive Plan. If the relationship between us and an executive
officer or a director is terminated, except for cause (as defined in the various option plan agreements), options that are vested will
generally remain exercisable for three months after such termination. 

78 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

We
have adopted a written related person transaction policy setting forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification
of related person transactions. For purposes of this policy, a related person transaction is any transaction,
arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we and any related
person are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000 including, without limitation, purchases of goods or services
by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness
and employment by us of a related person. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee, consultant
or director will not be considered related-person transactions under this policy. A related person is any executive officer,
director or a holder of more than five percent of our Common Stock, including any of their immediate family members and any entity owned
or controlled by such persons. 

Under
this policy, where a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, management must present information regarding the
proposed related-person transaction to our audit committee (or, where review by our audit committee would be inappropriate, to another
independent body of our board of directors) for review. In reviewing and approving any such transactions, our audit committee or other
independent body of our board of directors, is tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to,
whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an arm s length transaction and the extent of
the related person s interest in the transaction. In the event a director has an interest in the proposed transaction, the director
must recuse himself or herself from the deliberations and approval. All of the transactions described in this section occurred prior
to the adoption of this policy. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that Ronen Rosenbloom, Israel Berenshtein, Amitay Weiss, Eliahou Arbib and Udi Kalifi do not have a
relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that
each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

Item
14. Principal accounting fees and services 

Independent
Public Accounting Firm 

On July 25, 2021, the Company s
board of directors appointed Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, located in Tel Aviv Israel, as its independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021. Halperin Ilanit CPA served as the Company s independent public accounting firm since 2018. 

Audit
and Accounting Fees 

The following table sets forth
the fees billed to our Company for professional services rendered by (i) Halperin Ilanit CPA, an independent registered public accounting
firm, for the period ended July 25, 2021, and (ii) Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International,
has served as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Services 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 197,000 
 172,500 (1) 
 
 Audit related fees 
 600 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 36,000 
 18,069 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 233,600 
 190,569 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees consists of 27,500 in connection with the services rendered by Halperin Ilanit CPA, and 145,000 in connection with the services
 rendered by Somekh Chaikin, member firm of KPMG International. 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements. 

79 

Part
IV 

Item
15. exhibits, financial statement schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on September 26, 2019) 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of June 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to our Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 11, 2019) 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Save Foods, Inc., effective as of November 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Save Foods, Inc., dated February 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021) 
 
 3.1.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Save Foods, Inc., effective as of March 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2022). 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Save Foods, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021) 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on September 26, 2019) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Services Agreement, dated October 10, 2018, by and between Pimi Agro Cleantech Ltd., Dan Sztybel and Dan Sztybel Consulting Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Services Agreement, dated January 15, 2019, by and between Pimi Agro Cleantech Ltd. and NSNC Consulting Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to Services Agreement, dated March 28, 2019, by and between Pimi Agro Cleantech Ltd., Dan Sztybel and Dan Sztybel Consulting Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Non-Exclusive Commission Agreement, dated September 22, 2020, by and among Save Foods, Inc. and Earthbound Technologies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated September 22, 2020, by and among Save Foods Ltd. and Safe-Pack Products Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2020, by and among Save Foods, Inc. and Medigus Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, by and between Save Foods, Inc. and S.T. Sporting (1996) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, between ThinkEquity LLC, a division of Fordham Financial Management, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters, and Save Foods, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2022) 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 The Save Foods, Inc. 2022 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

 +
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SAVE
 FOODS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 David Palach 

Name: 
 
 David
 Palach 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 27,
 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David Palach 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 David
 Palach 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Lital Barda 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Lital
 Barda 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Amitay Weiss 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Amitay
 Weiss 

/s/
 Ronen Rosenbloom 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Ronen
 Rosenbloom 

/s/
 Israel Berenshtein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Israel
 Berenshtein 

/s/
 Udi Kalifi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Udi
 Kalifi 

/s/
 Eliahou Arbib 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27,
 2023 
 
 Eliahou
 Arbib 

81 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Save
Foods, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-3 
 
 (Firm
 Name: / PCAOB ID No. / Location: 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9
 F-30 

i 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

 SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

Save
Foods, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Save Foods, Inc. and its subsidiary (hereinafter the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity (deficit),
and cash flows for each of the years in the two- year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the two- year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Somekh Chaikin 

 Somekh
Chaikin 

Member
Firm of KPMG International 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Tel
Aviv, Israel 

 March
27, 2023 

F- 3 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash (Note 2D) 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Other current assets (Note 3) 

Total Current assets 

Right-of-use asset arising from operating leases (Note 7) 

Property and equipment, net (Note 4) 

Funds in respect of employee rights upon retirement 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term loan from banking institutions 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Other liabilities (Note 5) 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities (Note 7) 

Liability for employee rights upon retirement 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders Equity (Note 8) 

Common stocks of par value each Common Stocks ): shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Preferred stocks of par value Preferred stocks ): shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Accumulated deficit 

Total 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and Shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues from sales of products 

Cost of sales (Note 11) 

Gross profit 

Research and development expenses (Note 12) 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses (Note 13) 

Operating loss 

Financing income (expenses), net (Note 14) 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

Loss per share (basic and diluted) (Note 16) 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding (Note 16) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total Company s Shareholders equity (deficit) 
 Non-controlling interest 
 Total Shareholders equity (deficit) 

BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 2021 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs of 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of convertible loans 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Share based compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of shares to services providers 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Balance 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs of 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares to employees and services providers 

- 
 - 

Share based compensation to employees and directors 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Loss for the year 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss for the period to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Decrease in liability for employee rights upon retirement, net 

Issuance of shares to employees and services providers 

Share based compensation to employees and directors 

Expenses on convertible loans 
 - 

Exchange rate differences on operating leases 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in accounts receivable, net 

Increase in inventories 

Decrease (increase) in other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Decrease in other liabilities 

Decrease in operating lease expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible loans 
 - 

Repayments of long-term loans from banking institutions 

Repayments of right of use asset arising from operating leases 
 - 

Proceeds from shares issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH , CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 - 

Non-cash transactions: 

Termination of lease agreement 
 - 

Termination of lease liability 
 - 

Conversion of convertible loans 
 - 

Deferred issuance expenses 
 - 

Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Initial recognition of operating lease liability 

Issuance of shares for future services 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the issued and outstanding shares of Save Foods Ltd. (the Company and Save Foods
Ltd. collectively, the Group ), including preferred and Common Stock. Save Foods Ltd. was incorporated in 2004 and commenced
its operations in 2005. Save Foods Ltd. develops, produces, and focuses on delivering innovative solutions for the food industry aimed
at improving food safety and shelf life of fresh produce. 

On
May 13, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its Common Stock for net proceeds of .
Commencing on May 14, 2021, The Company s common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital under the symbol SVFD . 

On
August 15, 2022, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its Common Stock at a price to the public
of per share. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were , before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions
and other offering expenses, and excluding the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, which was not exercised in an
amount totaling resulting in net proceeds of ). The underwriter s
warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, during the four and a half year period commencing 180
days from the effective date of the registration statement. 

B. 
 Reverse
 stock split 

On
February 23, 2021, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to effect a of the Company s
outstanding Common Stock. 

As
a result of the reverse stock split, every 7 shares of the Company s outstanding Common Stock prior to the effect of that amendment
were combined and reclassified into one share of the Company s Common Stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with
or following the reverse split. The number of authorized capital of the Company s Common Stock and par value of the shares remained
unchanged. 

All
share, stock option and per share information in these consolidated financial statements have been restated to reflect the stock split. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 GENERAL (continue) 

C. 
 Liquidity 

Since
inception, the Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations and has an accumulated deficit of
 as of December 31, 2022.
The Company has financed its operations mainly through fundraising from various investors. 

The
Company s management expects that the Company will continue to generate losses and negative cash flows from operations for the
foreseeable future. Based on the projected cash flows and cash balances as of the date of these financial statements, management is
of the opinion that its existing cash will be sufficient to meet its obligations for a period which is longer than 12 months
from the date of the approval of these consolidated financial statements. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

and , respectively, collateral account for the Group s corporate credit
cards and a loan and is classified in current assets. 

and , respectively, is reflected in net accounts
receivable. The Group does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. 

- 
 
 Machines 
 - 
 
 Computers 

Vehicle 

impairment
expenses were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

, and , respectively. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Group did not accrue for or pay any royalties to the IIA since no revenues were recognized in respect
of the funded projects. In addition, the Group does not anticipate future sales related to these grants. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continue) 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Government Institutions 

Other
 current assets 

Furniture and office equipment 

Machines 

Vehicles 

Total cost 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expenses were and respectively, and additional property and
equipment were purchased in an amount of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other
 accounts liabilities 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the contingent
 liabilities with respect to grants received from the IIA, subject to repayment under these royalty agreements on future sales is
 , not including interest. 

B. 
 On
 September 22, 2020, the Company entered into a non-exclusive Commission Agreement with Earthbound Technologies, LLC EBT for a period of 12 months, according to which EBT will introduce the Company to potential clients, pre-approved by the Company Introduced
 Parties and will assist the Company in finalizing commercial agreements with the Introduced Parties. In consideration for
 its services, the Company agreed to pay EBT of the net revenues generated from Introduced Parties (during the agreement period
 and within 18 months following the termination of the agreement) up to a total aggregated amount of , provided that the
 compensation shall not exceed of the Company s gross profit under the given commercial agreement signed with the Introduced
 Party. In addition, in the event that the aggregated net revenues generated from Introduces Parties were to exceed , and
 subject to the approval of the Board, the Company was to issue to EBT options to purchase shares of Common Stock at an
 exercise price of per share. In the event that certain additional events detailed in the agreement were to occur, the Company
 will also issue to EBT, subject to the approval of the Board, an additional options to purchase shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of per share. Such additional events have not occurred as of balance sheet date. 

C. 
 On
 June 1, 2021 the Company terminated its October 10, 2018, consulting agreements with two of its consultants and signed new consulting
 agreements with the parties. According to the agreements, the consultants shall provide the Company with business development and
 strategic consulting services including ongoing consulting for the Company, board and management. The agreement shall be effective
 until terminated by each of the parties by giving a 30 days prior notice. Based on the agreements the Company would pay each a monthly
 fee of , and as monthly reimbursement of expenses. In addition, the Company agreed to grant the consultants with signing
 bonuses in the amounts of and net of the outstanding debt of the Company to the consultants based on their October
 10, 2018 agreements in the amount of each. In addition, the Company agreed to pay the consultants 5 of any gain generated
 by the Company exceeding an initial gain of 25 due to any sale, disposition or exclusive license of activities, securities, business,
 or similar events initiated by each the consultants. In addition, each consultant shall be entitled to a special bonus upon business
 opportunities or upon other events he assisted with Consultant Engagements ), authorized by the CEO or the Chairman
 of the Board. The special bonus shall not exceed two times each consultant monthly fee. As of the date of the financial statements
 no bonus was recorded as no such Consultant Engagements were executed. 

D. 
 On
 August 18, 2021 and on October 5, 2021, the Company signed consulting agreements with two of its consultants according to which the
 consultants will serve as members of the scientific advisory board of the Company and shall provide the Company with ongoing business
 consulting services. Based on the agreements, the Company will pay the consultants an hourly fee of NIS (approximately with maximum of 15 hour per months, each, unless agreed upon otherwise. The consultants will also be issued, subject to the approval
 of the Board of Directors of the Company, such number of shares of restricted common stock of the Company as is customarily issued
 to other directors of the Company. The agreement shall be in effect unless terminated by either one on the parties at any time upon
 60 days prior notice. The terms of the grant have not yet been determined. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

Short-term lease cost 
 - 

Total operating lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (non-cash): 

Operating leases 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

NOTE
7 LEASES (continue) 

D. Future
 minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 

Total operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

NOTE
7 LEASES (continue) 

In
July 2021, Save Foods, Ltd signed a lease agreement for an office space in Tel Aviv, Israel for a period of with monthly payments
of and an option to extend the agreement for an additional with monthly payments of . During December 2021,
Save Foods, Ltd. and the lessor mutually agreed that the lease agreement would be terminated on December 31, 2021. 

In
September 2021, the Company signed an additional lease agreement for an office and operational space in Neve Yarak, lsrael for a period
of with monthly payments of and an option to extend the agreement for an additional with monthly payment of 
in the first option period and in the second option period. The Company exercised its option to extend the lease agreement for
an additional year. 

A
right-of-use assets in the amount of and lease liabilities in the amount of have been recognized in the balance sheet
in respect of these leases. 

In
December 2021, the Company signed a car rental lease agreement for a period of with monthly payments of . A lease right-of-use
asset and a related liability in the amount of have been recognized in the balance sheet in respect of this lease. 

On
December 15, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space in Miami (hereinafter - the Miami Lease ). The Miami Lease
is for a period of with monthly payments of and an option to extend the agreement for an additional with monthly payments
of . A lease right-of-use asset and a related liability in the amount of have been recognized in the balance sheet in respect
of this lease. The Company exercised its option to extend the lease agreement for an additional year. 

In
January 2022, the Company signed a car rental lease agreement for a period of with monthly payments of . A lease right-of-use
asset and a related liability in the amount of have been recognized in the balance sheet in respect of this lease. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

shares of
 Common Stock of the Company at a price to the public of per share see note
 1 above. 

2. On
 May 15, 2021, the Company signed a consulting agreement with a third party according to which
 the consultant will provide the Company with investor relations services for a period of
 12 months following the commencement date. As consideration for the agreement the Company
 will pay the consultant an annual fee of and shall issue the consultant shares
 of Common Stock of the Company. On June 20, 2021, the Company issued shares of Common
 Stock of the Company to the consultant. The Company determined the value of the shares issue
 at which was recorded as share based compensation expenses during the ended December
 31, 2021. 

3. On
 July 1, 2021, the Company and a consultant signed an Addendum to the October 20, 2020 Service
 Agreement (the Original Agreement according to which the Company agreed to
 pay the consultant for digital communication services as per the Original Agreement
 and to issue the consultant shares of Common Stock of the Company. The Company determined
 the value of the shares issued at . In addition, the Company agreed to continue the
 Original Agreement for an additional six months for a monthly fee of . 

4. On
 August 5, 2021, the Company signed consulting agreement with a third party according to which
 the Consultant will provide the Company with strategic consulting and coordination of digital
 marketing campaigns for a period of 6 months commencing September 1, 2021. As consideration
 for the agreement the Company will pay the consultant a total fee of and shall issue
 the consultant shares of Common Stock of the Company. By November 3, 2021, the Company
 issued the Consultant shares on account of the above agreement. The Company determined
 the value of the shares issued at . On November 5, 2021, the Company and the consultant
 mutually agreed to terminate the consulting agreement. 

5. On
 June 15, 2021, the Company signed consulting agreement with a third party according to which the Consultant will provide the Company
 with public relations services. Based on the agreement, the Company will pay the consultant a monthly fee of 
 and shall issue the consultant 
 shares of Common Stock of the Company on the final day of each month following the commencement date of the agreement. On November
 3, 2021 the Company issued to consultants 
 shares of the Company s common stock based on their June 15, 2021 consulting agreement. The Company determined the value of
 the shares issued at .
 On May 2, 2022, the Company issued the consultants 
 shares under the 2021 consulting agreement which ended on December 31, 2021. The Company determined the value of the shares issued at . 

6. On
 October 1, 2021, the Company signed a consulting agreement with a consultant for a period
 of 18 months, according to which the consultant will provide the Company with consulting
 services related to international business development activities. Based on the agreement,
 the Company will issue the consultant shares of common stock of the Company upon execution
 of the agreement and six installments of shares of common stock of the Company at
 each of following 90 days following the execution date. On November 3, 2021 the Company issued
 to consultant shares of the Company s common stock. The Company determined the
 value of the shares issued at . On January 27, 2022, and on May 2, 2022, the Company
 issued an aggregate of shares under its October 1, 2021 consulting agreement. On June
 8, 2022 the Company decided to terminate the consulting agreement. During the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded share based compensation expenses of 
 and , respectively, in respect of the above agreement. 

7. On
 January 31, 2022, following the Board of Directors of Save Foods Ltd. s appointment of Mr. Joachim Fuchs as the Chairman of
 the Board of Directors of Save Foods Ltd, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board approved the nomination
 and his consulting agreement. Based on the consulting agreement, Mr. Joachim Fuchs is entitled to a monthly fee of NIS 
 (approximately and subject to the approval of the Board, 
 shares of Common Stock and, subject to the terms of the equity incentive plan to be adopted by the Company, shares which represented 1.5 of the Company s outstanding capital stock as of the date of the
 agreement of which (1) 0.5 of such options shall have an exercise price of 1 and shall vest in 4 equal installments during the 12
 month period commencing on the Effective Date (January 1, 2022), (2) 0.5 of such options shall have an exercise price of 1.25 and
 shall vest in 4 equal installments during the 12 month period following the 12 month anniversary of the Effective Date, (3) 0.5 of
 such options shall have an exercise price of 1.5 and shall vest in 4 equal installments during the 12 month period following the 24
 month anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company determined the fair value of the options at 
 . On March 24, 2022, the Company issued to Mr. Joachim Fuchs 
 shares of common stock. The Company determined the value of the shares at 
 based on the share price at the agreement date. 

8. On
 August 29, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an increase in Mr. Joachim Fuchs monthly
 fee to and in addition, a one time issuance of shares of Common Stock. Such
 shares were issued on September 7, 2022. The Company determined the value of the shares at
 based on the share price at the resolution date. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

NOTE
8 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continue) 

9. On
 March 10, 2022, the Company entered into an Investor Relations Agreement (the March
 IR Agreement with a consultant for a period of 12 months. According to the Agreement,
 the Company will pay the consultant for his services a monthly fee of and in addition,
 shares of Common Stock of the Company upon execution of the March IR Agreement. The
 shares were issued on March 10, 2022. The Company determined the value of the shares at .
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded share based compensation expenses
 of and the remaining amount was recorded as prepaid expenses under other current
 assets. 

On
June 27, 2022 the Company and the consultant, signed an amendment to the March IR Agreement, according to which the monthly cash payment
would be . 

10. On
 April 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Investor Relations Agreement (the April
 IR Agreement with a consultant for a period of 90 days. According to the April IR
 Agreement, the Company will pay the consultant for his services a monthly fee of 
 and in addition, shares of Common Stock of the Company upon execution of the agreement.
 The shares were issued on May 2, 2022. The Company estimated the value of the shares issued
 at based on the share price on the agreement date. 

In
addition, the Company will issue warrants (the April Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock (see note 10(2)
below). 

On
June 26, 2022 (the April IR Amendment Date ), the Company entered into an amendment to the April IR Agreement (the April
IR Amendment ), according to which the Company shall engage the consultant for additional period of 90 days commencing on July
1, 2022. According to the amendment to the April IR Agreement, the Company will pay the consultant for his services a monthly fee of
 and in addition, issued shares of Common Stock upon execution of the amendment. Such shares were issued on August 22, 2022.
The Company determined the value of the shares at based on the share price of the April IR Amendment Date. 

In
 addition, per the April IR Amendment, the Company will issue warrants to purchase 
 shares of Common Stock (see note 10(2) below). 

On
August 29, 2022, the Board approved a one-time bonus of to the consultant. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

NOTE
8 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continue) 

11. On
 May 18, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to the consultant, pursuant
 to a May 11, 2022 Board resolution. The shares were estimated at based on the share
 price of the resolution date. 

12. On
 January 9, 2022 the Company entered into a Strategic consulting and Corporate Digital Marketing
 Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with a consultant for a period of 12 months.
 According to the Consulting Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the consultant for his services
 a monthly fee of . On June 13, 2022, the Company and the consultant entered into an
 amendment to the Consulting Agreement according to which, effective as of July 1, 2022, and
 for the remaining period of the Consulting Agreement, the Company shall issue the consultant
 (a) shares of Common Stock, and (b) Common Stock representing , which amount
 shall be calculated based on the average closing bid price of the Company s Common
 Stock during the 10 trading days period prior to October 10, 2022, provided however, that
 the number of shares to be issued shall not be less than shares of Common Stock. 

On
July 11, 2022, the Company issued the consultant shares of Common Stock. The Company determined the value of the shares at 
based on the share price of the date of the Consulting Agreement, of which was recorded as share based compensation expenses
and the remaining portion was classified as prepaid expenses in other current assets. 

Additionally,
on August 29, 2022, the Board approved a one-time bonus of and shares of Common Stock of the Company, to the consultant.
The shares were issued on September 7, 2022. The Company determined the value of the shares at based on the share price of the
date of the Consulting Agreement. 

On
October 11, 2022, the Company issued the consultant shares of Common Stock, the Company recorded share based compensation expenses
of in respect of the agreement. 

13. On
 August 15, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock in conjunction with
 its underwritten public offering as detailed in Note 1. 

14. On
 September 6, 2022 the Company entered into a Services Agreement (the Services Agreement with a consultant. According to the Services Agreement, the consultant would provide the
 Company with strategic advisory services for a period of six months. The Company agreed to
 pay the consultant for his services , of which was recorded as investor
 relations expenses and the remaining was classified as prepaid expenses in other current
 assets. In addition, the Company issued to the consultant shares of Common Stock.
 The Company determined the value of the shares at based on the share price of the
 date of the Services Agreement, of which was recorded as share based compensation
 expenses and the remaining was classified as prepaid expenses in other current assets. 

15. On
 October 26, 2022, the Board approved the issuance of shares of Common Stock to a consultant
 pursuant to his investor relations consulting agreement and in addition, quarterly issuances
 of shares of Common Stock commencing January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2024.
 On November 16, 2022 the Company issued shares of Common Stock. The Company determined
 the value of the shares at based on the share price of the date of the board resolution. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

options, exercisable into shares of Common Stock
of the Company. The purpose of the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan is to offer attract and retain the best available personnel, provide incentive
to individuals who perform services for the Company and promote the success of the Company s business. 

On
June 23, 2020, the Company granted 
options to purchase its Common Stock under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 
of the shares covered by the options will vest on the three month anniversary of June 23, 2020, and 12.50 of the shares covered by
the options will vest at the end of each subsequent three month period thereafter over the course of the subsequent 21
months. 

On
July 1, 2020, the Company granted options to purchase its Common Stock under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. of the shares covered by the options will vest on the three month
anniversary of June 1, 2020, and 12.50 of the shares covered by the options will vest at the end of each subsequent three month period
thereafter over the course of the subsequent 21 months. The fair value of the options was estimated at a value of at the date
of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

In
addition, on July 1, 2020, the Board approved an increase to the share option pool under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan by 
shares of Common Stock, such that after the increase the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan is 
shares of Common Stock. 

On
September 22, 2020, the Board approved an amendment of the terms of the outstanding options granted to certain employees and directors
of the Company. According to the new terms, subject to the consummation of equity financing in excess of and the completion
of listing of the Company s Common Stock for trade on the Nasdaq, and in the event that the employment or engagement of such grantee
is either terminated (not for cause) or otherwise changed thereby resulting in the conclusion of such engagement (including voluntary
resignation), all outstanding options of such grantee shall vest immediately and shall be exercisable for a period of following
the termination date. 

On
August 29, 2022, following the annual meeting of Company s stockholders, the Company adopted
the 2022 Share Incentive Plan (the 2022 Share Incentive Plan ), pursuant to which the Company s Board of Directors
is authorized to grant up to options, exercisable into shares of Common Stock (or such other number as the board
may determine from time to time). The purpose of the 2022 Share Incentive Plan is (1) to afford an incentive to service providers of
the Company or any affiliate of the Company, which now exists or is hereafter is organized or acquired by the Company or its affiliates,
to continue as service providers, (2) to increase their efforts on behalf of the Company or its affiliates and (3) to promote the success
of the Company s business, by providing such service providers with opportunities to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company
through the issuance of shares or restricted shares of Common Stock, and by the grant of options to purchase shares, restricted share
units and other share-based awards. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

NOTE
9 STOCK OPTIONS (continue) 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Number of options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of the awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. These amounts
represent the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s stock price of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
less the weighted exercise price. This represents the potential amount received by the option holders had all option holders exercised
their options as of that date. 

Expected volatility ) ) 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate ) 
 - 
 
 Expected term of options (years) 
 - 
 
 Exercise price (US dollars) 
 - 
 
 Share price (US dollars) 

Fair value (US dollars) 
 - 

) 

coupon US Government Loans. 

The
total fair value estimation of the non-cash compensation of the 2022 grant was approximately .
Expenses incurred in respect of stock-based compensation for employees and directors, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
 
 and ,
respectively. The Group did not recognize an income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation as it s not recognized
for tax purposes in Israel and a full valuation allowance was recorded as it relates to the deferred tax asset of the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there are options available for future grants under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and options available
for future grants under the 2022 Share Incentive Plan 

shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share (the February
 2022 Warrant ). The February 2022 Warrant will be issuable in five equal installments,
 warrant shares upon the later of the signing of the Letter Agreement or the approval
 of the Letter Agreement by the Board, and four additional quarterly installments ending in
 February 2023. 

The
fair value of the February 2022 Warrant was determined based on the Company s share price as of the date of the Letter Agreement
using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk-free rate of , a volatility factor of , dividend yields of and an
expected life of years and was calculated at . 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company and the consultant entered into an amendment to the Letter Agreement according to which the consultant shall
be entitled to February 2022 Warrants already vested and issued under the Letter Agreement and no further February 2022 Warrant
shall be issued or issuable. The consultant shall be entitled to a per hour fee with a minimum aggregate compensation amounting to 
for the six month period commencing on August 1, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 
as share based compensation expenses in respect of the February 2022 Warrant. 

2. On
 April 1, 2022, the Company entered into April IR Agreement with a consultant for a period
 of 90 days (see note 8(10) above). According to the April IR Agreement, the Company will
 issue the April Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock,
 of which (a) warrants shall vest after 12 months with an exercise price of , (b)
 warrants shall vest upon the laps of 18 months with an exercise price of , and
 (c) warrants shall vest after 24 months with an exercise price of . The fair value
 of the April Warrant was determined based on the Company s share price as of the date
 of the April IR Agreement using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk-free rate
 between to , a volatility factor between to , dividend yields of
 and an expected life between to years and was calculated at . 

On
June 26, 2022, the Company entered into April IR Amendment (see note 8(10) above), according to which the Company shall engage the consultant
for additional period of 90 days commencing on July 1, 2022. According to the April IR Amendment, the Company will issue warrants to
purchase shares of Common Stock, of which (a) warrants shall vest after 6 months with an exercise price of , (b) 20,000
warrants shall vest after 12 months with an exercise price of . The fair value of the warrants was determined based on the Company s
share price as of the April IR Amendment Date using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk-free rate between to ,
a volatility factor between to , dividend yields of and an expected life between to years and was calculated at
 . 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

Share based compensation 
 - 

Materials 

Vehicle maintenance 

Travel expenses 

Other expenses 

Cost
 of sales 

Share based compensation 

Subcontractors 

Depreciation 

Travel expenses 

Vehicle maintenance 

Rent and asset management 

Laboratory and field tests 

Other expenses 

Research
 and development expenses 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

Salaries and related expenses 

Share based compensation 

Legal expenses 

Insurance 

Rent and office maintenance 

Registration fees 

Communications 

Depreciation 

Other expenses 

General
 and administrative expense 

Currency exchange differences 

Changes in fair value of convertible loans 
 - 

Bank charges and other finance expenses, net 

Financing
 expenses net 

plus state income tax rates which vary from state to state. 

The
 Company and Save Foods Ltd. have not received final tax assessments since their inception although
the tax reports of Save Foods Inc for the years through December 31, 2015 and of Save Foods Ltd for the years through December 31, 2017 are
deemed to be final. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, the Company and Save Foods Ltd. have estimated carry forward losses for tax purposes of approximately 
 and ,
 respectively, of which can be offset against taxable income generated until 2027
and can be offset against future taxable income, if any. 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

NOTE
15 INCOME TAX (continue) 

Federal tax rate 

Income tax computed at the federal income tax rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share-based compensation 

Differences in corporate income tax rates 

Remeasurement of deferred taxes for foreign currency effects 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
in valuation allowance 

Income
 tax expenses 
 - 
 - 

Operating loss carry-forwards 

Operating lease liabilities 

Share-based compensation 

Others 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Composition of deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The net change during the year ended December
31, 2022 in the total valuation allowance amounted to 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

Total weighted average number of shares of Common Stock related to outstanding options, excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share ) 

) 

Salaries and fees to officers 

General and administrative expenses net 
 ) 
 ) 

) of which share based compensation 

Research and development expenses: 

Salaries and fees to officers 
 ) 
 ) 

) of which share based compensation 

Cost of sales: 

Salaries and fees to officers 
 - 
 ) 

) of which share based compensation 
 - 

Selling and marketing expenses: 

Salaries and fees to officers 
 ) 
 ) 

) of which share based compensation 

B. 
 Balances with related parties and officers: 

Other accounts payables 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

C. 
 Other information: 

1. On
 November 5, 2020, the board of directors of the Company appointed Mr. David Palach, to serve
 as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective as of the same date. In connection with
 Mr. Palach s appointment, the parties entered into a consulting agreement pursuant
 to which the Company and Mr. Palach agreed upon, inter alia, the following engagement terms:
 (a) a monthly fee of , and (b) a grant of options to purchase shares of the Company s
 common stock, which amount shall be determined by the Board on a future date. On June 17,
 2021 the Board of Directors of the Company approved an updated Compensation of its CEO, according
 to which the CEO shall be entitled to a monthly fee of and reimbursement of expenses
 of per month. The terms of the grant have not yet been determined. On August
 29, 2022, the monthly fee of Company s Chief Executive Officer was reduced to . 

2. On
 June 23, 2021 the Board of Directors of the Company approved the compensation of its Chairman
 of the Board, according to which the Chairman of the Board shall be entitled to a monthly
 fee of and reimbursement of expenses of per month. In addition, the Chairman
 of the Board shall receive a one-time grant of options to purchase shares of the Company
 representing 1.5 of the Company s outstanding share capital as of the date of the
 approval. The terms of the grant have not yet been determined. 

On
August 29, 2022, the Board approved, among other, an increase the monthly fee from to and a one-time bonus of . 

3. On
 June 23, 2021 the Board of Directors of the Company approved the compensation for each of
 members of the board, according to which, each member of the board shall be entitled to an
 annual fee of NIS (approximately ). The
 terms of the grant have not yet been determined. On August 29, 2022, the Board approved,
 an increase to the quarterly fee of each member of the Board from NIS (approximately) to . 

4. On
 April 17, 2022, the Board resolved to appoint Ms. Lital Barda, the Company s current
 financial controller, as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary,
 which appointment was made effective on April 18, 2022. In connection with Ms. Barda s
 appointment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, the
 Board resolved to approve the following terms of compensation, effective immediately upon
 the effectiveness of Ms. Barda s appointment: (a) a monthly base salary of NIS 
 and (b) a grant of options to purchase a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock
 as shall be agreed upon between Ms. Barda and the Board on a future date, and which shall
 be in accordance with the terms of the Company s approved equity incentive plan. On
 August 29, 2022, the Board approved, one time bonuses to each of the Chief Financial Officer
 and the financial controller in the total amount of . 

Mexico 

Israel 

Turkey 
 
 - 
 
 Revenues from sales of products 

SAVE
FOODS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

 of sales: 

SCHEDULE
OF SALES TO CUSTOMERS 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Customer A 

Customer B 

Customer C 
 
 - 
 
 Revenues from sales of products 

C. Information
 on Long-Lived Assets - Property, Plant and Equipment and ROU assets by geographic areas: 

United States 

Property, plant and
 equipment and ROU assets 

restricted
 shares of the company s common stock par value per share (the Common
 Stock issued fully earned in connection with services rendered for the first quarter
 of 2023, and (b) restricted shares of Common Stock issued fully earned in connection
 with services rendered for each subsequent quarter of 2023, such that, the consultant receive
 an aggregate of restricted shares of Common Stock. 

2. On
 January 19, 2023 the Company terminated the employment of its Chief Operating Officer and Head of Science the COO ).
 The Company and the COO agreed that in addition to the termination benefits the COO is entitled to per her employment agreement, the
 COO shall be entitled to a termination bonus of NIS 
 (approximately and the issuance of 
 shares of the Company. 

3. On
 January 26, 2023, the Company entered into Advisory Agreement with a consultant for a period
 of ninety days and after ninety days may be extended for any term mutually acceptable
 to the parties hereto. According to the agreement, the consultant shall serve as an advisor
 to the Company in connection with pursuing and evaluating entering
 into an equity purchase agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement with an institutional
 investor. . 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Company
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Save
 Foods Ltd. (1) 
 
 Israel 

(1) 
 Save
 Foods Ltd. is the 98.48 owned subsidiary of Save Foods Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

 Consent
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board of Directors 

 Save
Foods, Inc.: 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266159) of our report dated March 27,
2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Save Foods, Inc. and its subsidiary, Save Foods Ltd. 

/s/
 Somekh Chaikin 

Member
 Firm of KPMG International 

Tel
 Aviv, Israel 

March
 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Palach, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Save Foods, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the year end covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year end presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the year end in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year end covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ David
 Palach 

David Palach 

Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lital Barda, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Save Foods, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the year end covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year end presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the year end in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year end covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Lital
 Barda 

Lital Barda 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Save Foods,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Palach, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 David Palach 

David Palach 

Chief Executive Officer 

Save Foods, Inc. 

March 27, 2023 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Save Foods,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lital Barda, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Lital Barda 

Lital Barda 

Chief Financial Officer 

Save Foods, Inc. 

March 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 svfd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 svfd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 svfd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 svfd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

