<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1562463_0001562463-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23528108</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>380296</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2769585</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10022915</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5074118</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4773145</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562463-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314161619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562463-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Internet Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				203489991
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35750
		FILM NUMBER:		23731193

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 E. 116TH STREET
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		317-532-7900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 E. 116TH STREET
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562463-23-000022.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 inbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

inbk-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 . 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From ________ to ________. 

Commission File Number 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1 (b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, based on the closing sale price for the registrant s common stock on that date. For purposes of determining this number, all officers and directors of the registrant are considered to be affiliates of the registrant. This number is provided only for the purpose of this report and does not represent an admission by either the registrant or any such person as to the status of such person. 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Table of Contents PART I PAGE Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 
 Item 2. Properties 20 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 
 Item 6. Reserved 22 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 46 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 47 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 47 
 Item 9B. Other Information 48 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 48 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 49 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 49 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 50 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 50 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 50 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 51 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 52 
 SIGNATURES 53 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are not historical facts, but rather statements based on the current expectations of First Internet Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company, we, our, or us regarding our business strategies, intended results and future performance, including, without limitation, statements concerning the financial condition, results of operations, trends in lending policies and loan programs, prospective business partnerships, objectives, future performance and business of the Company. Forward-looking statements are generally preceded by terms such as anticipate, attempt, believe, can, continue, could, effort, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, objective, optimistic, pending, plan, position, potential, preliminary, remain, should, will, would or other similar expressions. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including: our business and operations and the business and operations of our vendors and customers; general economic conditions, whether national or regional, and conditions in the lending markets in which we participate that may have an adverse effect on the demand for our loans and other products; our credit quality and related levels of nonperforming assets and loan losses, and the value and salability of the real estate that is the collateral for our loans; failures or breaches of or interruptions in the communication and information systems on which we rely to conduct our business that could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or lead to disruptions in our business; our dependence on capital distributions from First Internet Bank of Indiana (the Bank results of examinations of us by our regulators, including the possibility that our regulators may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for loan losses or to write-down assets; changing bank regulatory conditions, policies or programs, whether arising as new legislation or regulatory initiatives, that could lead to restrictions on activities of banks generally, or the Bank in particular; more restrictive regulatory capital requirements; increased costs, including deposit insurance premiums; regulation or prohibition of certain income producing activities or changes in the secondary market for loans and other products; changes in market rates and prices that may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet; our liquidity requirements being adversely affected by changes in our assets and liabilities; the effect of legislative or regulatory developments, including changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other aspects of the financial services industry; competitive factors among financial services organizations, including product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; the growth and profitability of noninterest or fee income being less than expected; the loss of any key members of senior management; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other regulatory agencies; and the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government. Additional factors that may affect our results include those discussed under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The factors listed above could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current statements. 
 
 Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 When we refer to First Internet Bancorp, the Company, we, us and our in the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean First Internet Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. References to First Internet Bank or the Bank refer to First Internet Bank of Indiana, an Indiana chartered bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Overview 
 
 First Internet Bancorp is a financial holding company headquartered in Fishers, Indiana that conducts its primary business activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Internet Bank of Indiana, an Indiana chartered bank. The Bank was the first state-chartered, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured Internet bank and commenced banking operations in 1999. First Internet Bancorp was incorporated under the laws of the State of Indiana on September 15, 2005. On March 21, 2006, we consummated a plan of exchange by which we acquired all of the outstanding shares of the Bank. 
 
 The Bank has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: First Internet Public Finance Corp., an Indiana corporation, which provides a range of public and municipal finance lending and leasing products to governmental entities throughout the United States and acquires securities issued by state and local governments and other municipalities; JKH Realty Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which manages other real estate owned properties as needed; and SPF15 Inc., an Indiana corporation that owns real estate used primarily for the Bank s principal office. 
 
 We offer a wide range of commercial, small business, consumer and municipal banking products and services. We conduct our consumer and small business deposit operations primarily through digital channels on a nationwide basis and have no traditional branch offices. Our consumer lending products are primarily originated on a nationwide basis through relationships with dealerships and financing partners. 
 
 Our commercial banking products and services are delivered through a relationship banking model and include commercial and industrial C I banking, construction and investor commercial real estate, single tenant lease financing, public finance, healthcare finance, small business lending, franchise finance and commercial deposits and treasury management. Our C I team provides credit solutions such as lines of credit, term loans, owner-occupied commercial real estate loans and corporate credit cards on a regional basis to commercial borrowers primarily in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. We primarily offer construction and investor commercial real estate loans within Central Indiana or on a regional basis and single tenant lease financing on a nationwide basis. Our public finance team provides a range of public and municipal lending and leasing products to government entities on a nationwide basis. Our healthcare finance team was established in conjunction with our strategic partnership with Provide, Inc. (formerly known as Lendeavor, Inc.), a San Francisco-based technology-enabled lender to healthcare practices, which provided lending on a nationwide basis for healthcare practice finance or acquisition, acquisition or refinancing of owner-occupied commercial real estate and equipment purchases. In the third quarter 2021, Provide was acquired by a super-regional financial institution. Subsequent to Provide being acquired, the acquiring institution has retained most, if not all, of Provide s loan origination activity and our healthcare finance loan balances have declined. Our franchise finance business was established in July 2021 in conjunction with our business relationship with ApplePie Capital, a financial technology fintech company that specializes in providing financing to franchisees in various industry segments. Our commercial deposits and treasury management team works with the other commercial teams to provide deposit products and treasury management services to our commercial and municipal lending customers as well as pursues commercial deposit opportunities in business segments where we have no credit relationships. 
 
 We believe that we differentiate ourselves from larger financial institutions by providing a full suite of services to emerging small businesses and entrepreneurs on a nationwide basis. We are one of the fastest-growing lenders in the Small Business Administration SBA 7(a) program, closing more than 155.4 million in SBA 7(a) loans during 2022 and ranking in the top 30 SBA 7(a) lenders for the SBA s 2022 fiscal year. We also offer a top-ranked small business checking account product to our country s entrepreneurs. We continue to scale up this business with the goal of driving increased earnings and profitability in future periods. 
 
 We also offer payment, deposit, card and lending products and services through fintech partnerships, which we intend to grow in future periods. With the rapid evolution of technology that enables consumers and small businesses to manage their finances digitally, fintechs are addressing a significantly growing marketplace. Fintechs have created robust digital offerings, unburdened by legacy technology architecture, to address growing customer expectations. Through partnerships with selected 
 1 

fintechs, we believe our ability to win and retain consumer and small business relationships will be significantly enhanced. Furthermore, we believe partnering with select fintechs will allow us to further diversify our revenue sources, acquire lower-cost deposits and pursue additional asset generation capabilities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated assets of 4.5 billion, consolidated deposits of 3.4 billion and stockholders equity of 365.0 million. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 319 people, 314 of which were full-time. Our team members have been and continue to be our most valuable assets, helping to create a strong workplace culture that recognizes the unique contributions and perspectives each individual brings to the organization. 
 
 We encourage our employees to Imagine More. We seek the game-changers, innovators and dreamers those who are driven to find a better way of doing things for customers and each other. We encourage community involvement and opportunities that support team members, both inside and outside the office. We may be a digital bank, but we strongly believe in the power of personal connection and collaboration. Our focus on employees is evident in the number of best work place awards we have been honored with over the years. 
 
 We strive to maintain a diverse and inclusive work culture in which individual differences and experiences are valued and all employees have the opportunity to contribute and thrive. We believe that leveraging our employees diverse perspectives and capabilities will enhance innovation, foster a collaborative work culture and enable us to better serve our customers and communities. With this vision in mind, the Company s diversity and inclusion strategy focuses on five organizational pillars: People, Partners, Philanthropy, Products and Processes. In 2021, we published our first Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Report to highlight, among other things, our focus on and efforts to advance Diversity and Inclusion goals. In 2022, we provided a status update to our ESG Report, highlighting key initiatives and efforts. One such effort in 2022 was the introduction of mandatory Diversity, Equity Inclusion DEI training for executive leadership and all employees. The phased training program including topics such as unconscious bias, sexual harassment, regulatory issues and the benefits of a more diverse workplace is delivered both in-person and online. Ongoing quarterly sessions and annual refresher courses will help reinforce the program s methods and maintain active awareness. A copy of our ESG Report can be found on our website at www.firstinternetbancorp.com . See Available Information section below for more information. 
 
 To further foster inclusion as a norm, our organization promotes and supports the development of employee-led business resource groups, which currently include First Ladies and LIFT (a young professionals group). These groups magnify traditionally underrepresented voices. We also offer tuition reimbursement, a robust internal training program, and leadership training and coaching through a third party consultant to help employees advance their careers and perform competently and confidently. The tuition reimbursement program reimburses approved tuition costs, registration fees for classes, and costs of books and computer-based resources as required by class. The internal training program focuses on topics such as privacy, fair banking, skills-training and many industry specific topics and regulations. And the leadership training program features courses and curriculum designed to grow and support up-and-coming leaders, with support from internal sponsors and an external, professional coach. 
 
 Community service is a foundational tenet. We commit time, talent and financial support to community initiatives that inspire passion among our team members and support the communities within which we live and work. We allow paid volunteer time and sponsor community initiatives such as The Indy Pride Rainbow 5k, the Marian University-Indianapolis Diversity in Leadership Program and Habitat for Humanity. The result is a sense of pride and increased engagement within the Bank that serves as a catalyst for the greater good. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The markets in which we compete to make loans, attract deposits and provide fee based financial services are highly competitive. For consumer banking activities, we compete with other digital banks and fintech companies, in addition to traditional banks, savings banks, credit unions, investment banks, insurance companies, securities brokerages and other financial institutions, as nearly all have some form of digital delivery for their consumer banking services. 
 
 For our construction, investor CRE, and C I lending activities, we compete with super-regional, regional and community banks operating in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. For our single tenant lease financing activities, we compete nationally with regional banks, community banks and credit unions, as well as life insurance companies 
 2 

and commercial mortgage-backed securities lenders. For our public finance, healthcare finance and franchise finance activities, we compete nationally with superregional and regional banks. These competitors may have significantly greater financial resources and higher lending limits than we do and may also offer specialized products and services that we do not. For our small business lending activities, we compete on a national footprint with other participating SBA-approved lenders, including a large number of regional and community banks. These competitors have resources and/or lending limits that differ greatly from one another. 
 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 
 The U.S. banking industry is highly regulated under federal and state law and this regulatory environment has a material effect on the operations and financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries. As a result, the Company s growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions (the DFI ), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ), the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). Furthermore, taxation laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury U.S. Treasury also have an impact on the Company s business. This regulatory framework is intended for the protection of depositors, borrowers and other customers, as well as the FDIC deposit insurance funds and the U.S. banking system, rather than the Company s shareholders or creditors. 
 
 Banking statutes and regulations are subject to ongoing review and revision by federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies. Notably, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), enacted in 2010 in response to the global financial crisis, imposed a number of new and expanded regulatory requirements on the banking industry, which in some cases have been subsequently modified. Future changes in laws, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in the ways laws and regulations are interpreted or enforced, could affect us in significant and unpredictable ways that may have a material impact on our business. 
 
 Federal and state banking laws and regulations affect, among other things, the scope of the Company s business; the kinds and amounts of investments the Company and Bank may make; the fees and charges that may be imposed for bank products and services; required capital levels relative to assets; the nature and amount of collateral for loans; the ability to merge, consolidate, and acquire; dealings with the Company s and Bank s insiders and affiliates; and the Company s payment of dividends. The cost of compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements has increased over time and could increase further in the future in response to changing laws and regulations or regulatory expectations, or as the Company grows and passes certain asset size thresholds at which additional requirements begin to apply. The Dodd-Frank Act, for example, gives rise to a number of additional requirements as financial institutions pass 10 billion in assets. 
 
 The supervisory framework for U.S. banking organizations subjects banks and their holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are in most cases not publicly available and that can impact the conduct and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. Regulatory agencies may impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law, or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations. These regulatory agencies have broad enforcement power over regulated entities, including the ability to impose substantial fines and other adverse consequences for violations of law and regulations. 
 
 Following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and Bank. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations, and regulatory policies that apply, and the descriptions in this summary are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions involved. 
 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 
 General. The Company is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA and has elected to be a financial holding company. It is subject to regulation, supervision, examination and enforcement by the Federal Reserve. Under the BHCA, the Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of its operations and such additional information regarding the Company and Bank as the Federal Reserve may require. In addition, the Federal Reserve has the authority to issue orders to bank holding companies to cease and desist from unsafe or 
 3 

unsound banking practices and from violations of conditions imposed by, or violations of agreements with, the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve is also empowered, among other things, to assess civil money penalties against companies or individuals who violate Federal Reserve orders or regulations, to order termination of nonbanking activities of bank holding companies and to order termination of ownership and control of a nonbanking subsidiary by a bank holding company. 
 
 Regulatory 
 
 Capital . Regulatory capital represents the net assets of a banking organization available to absorb losses. Banks and bank holding companies are generally required to hold more capital than other businesses that are not subject to regulation and supervision by the banking agencies, and this directly affects the Company s earnings capabilities. While capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its role became fundamentally more important in the wake of the global financial crisis, as banking regulators recognized that the amount and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, discussed below, establish capital standards for banks and bank holding companies that are meaningfully more stringent than those in place previously. 
 
 Banks have been required to hold minimum levels of capital based on guidelines established by bank regulatory agencies since 1983. The minimums have been expressed in terms of ratios of capital divided by total assets. The capital guidelines for U.S. banks beginning in 1989 have been based upon international capital accords, known as Basel rules, adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS ), a committee of central banks and bank supervisors that acts as the primary global standard-setter for prudential regulation, as implemented by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies on an interagency basis. The accords recognized that bank assets for the purpose of the capital ratio calculations needed to be weighted (the theory being that riskier assets should require more capital) and that off-balance-sheet credit exposures needed to be factored in the calculations. Following the global financial crisis, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the BCBS, announced agreement on a strengthened set of capital requirements for banking organizations around the world, known as Basel III, to address deficiencies recognized in connection with the global financial crisis. 
 
 The Basel III Rule. In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies approved implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms in pertinent part, and, at the same time, promulgated rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Rule ). In contrast to capital requirements historically, which were in the form of guidelines, Basel III was released in the form of binding regulations by each of the regulatory agencies. The Basel III Rule increased the required quantity and quality of capital and required more detailed categories of risk weighting of riskier, more opaque assets. For nearly every class of assets, the Basel III Rule requires a more complex, detailed, and calibrated assessment of risk in the calculation of risk weightings for all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to most bank and savings and loan holding companies. The Company and Bank are each subject to the Basel III Rule as described below. 
 
 Not only did the Basel III Rule increase most of the required minimum capital ratios in effect prior to January 1, 2015, but in requiring that forms of capital be of higher quality to absorb loss, it also introduced the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists primarily of common stock, related surplus, retained e arnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject to certain regulatory adjustments. The Basel III Rule also changed the definition of capital by establishing more stringent criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (primarily non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that meets certain requirements) and Tier 2 Capital (primarily other types of preferred stock and subordinated debt, subject to limitations). The Basel III Rule also constrained the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and required deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event that such assets exceeded a percentage of a banking institution s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
 
 The Basel III Rule requires minimum capital ratios for bank holding companies as follows: 
 
 A ratio of minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A ratio of minimum Tier 1 Capital equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A continuation of the minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8 of risk-weighted assets; and 
 A minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total quarterly average assets equal to 4 in all circumstances. 
 
 In addition, institutions that seek the freedom to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction must also maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to a capital conservation buffer. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banking institutions maintain a buffer of capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress. 
 4 

Factoring in the conservation buffer increases the minimum ratios depicted above to 7.0 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital. 
 
 Well-Capitalized Requirements. The ratios described above are minimum standards in order for banking organizations to be considered adequately capitalized. Bank regulatory agencies uniformly encourage banks to hold more capital and be well capitalized and, to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is well capitalized may: (i) qualify for exemptions from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept, rollover or renew brokered deposits. Higher capital levels could also be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities, or securities trading activities. Further, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions (i.e., Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels. 
 
 Under the capital regulations of the FDIC and Federal Reserve, in order to be well capitalized, a banking organization must maintain: 
 
 A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 or more; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8.0 or more; 
 A ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10.0 or more; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total adjusted average quarterly assets of 5.0 or greater. 
 
 It is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had regulatory capital in excess of the Federal Reserve s requirements and met the requirements to be well capitalized. The Company was also in compliance with the capital conservation buffer. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was was well capitalized, as defined by FDIC regulations. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action. The concept of an institution being well capitalized is part of a regulatory enforcement regime that provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of depository institutions based on the capital level of each particular institution. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to sell itself; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework. In response to industry complaints concerning the regulatory burdens imposed on community banks by certain aspects of the Basel III Rule, the U.S. Congress, as part of the 2018 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, authorized an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework, for qualifying community banking organizations like the Company with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. The federal banking agencies jointly adopted a rulemaking effective January 1, 2020, that implemented this alternative approach to measuring capital. Qualifying institutions must have a leverage ratio greater than 9 , off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. Banks that opt in to the rule are not required to calculate or report risk-based capital and are deemed to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirement. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the banking agencies temporarily lowered the qualifying leverage ratio to 8 in the second quarter of 2020, which then rose to 8.5 for calendar year 2021 and 9 thereafter. The Company has not opted in to the CBLR capital framework. 
 
 Activities, Acquisitions, and Changes in Control. The BHCA requires a bank holding company to obtain approval from the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring or holding more than a 5 voting interest in any bank or bank holding company, (ii) 
 5 

acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company or (iii) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 10 and 24.99 ownership. 
 
 Bank mergers and acquisitions generally will require the approval of the regulatory authorities of each banking organization. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, public benefits expected to be generated by the acquisition, post-acquisition capital levels, and performance under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the CRA ). The federal banking regulators are also required to take into account the effectiveness of the Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering activities of the applicant. Federal regulatory policy relating to the approval of proposed mergers and acquisitions is currently under review. In July 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy that, among other initiatives, calls upon the federal banking agencies to review their current merger approval practices under the BHCA and the Bank Merger Act, and adopt a plan for the revitalization of such practices. In February 2022, Acting FDIC Chairman Gruenberg announced that the agency s priorities include a comprehensive review of the process of considering and evaluating bank mergers, something the FDIC indicated had not been done in 25 years. 
 
 Holding Company Dividends. The Company s ability to pay dividends to shareholders will be impacted both by general corporate law considerations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. It may also be impacted by the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, discussed under Bank Regulation Dividends below. As an Indiana corporation, the Company is subject to the Indiana Business Corporation Law, as amended, which prohibits the Company from paying a dividend if, after giving effect to the dividend, the Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or if the Company s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 
 
 The Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the Company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. The Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes or regulations. Among those powers is the ability to restrict the payment of dividends. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See Regulatory section above. 
 
 Source of Strength . Under the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for the Bank and to commit resources to support it in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so, in the event of the financial distress of the Bank. This provision codified the longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve. In addition, any capital loans by a bank holding company to any of its depository subsidiaries are subordinate to the payment of deposits and to certain other indebtedness. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a depository subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 
 Employee Incentive Compensation. Under regulatory guidance applying to all banking organizations, incentive compensation policies must be consistent with safety and soundness principles. Under this guidance, banking organizations must review their compensation programs to ensure that they: (i) provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward and that do not encourage imprudent risk, (ii) are compatible with effective controls and risk management, and (iii) are supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the banking organization's board of directors. Monitoring methods and processes used by a banking organization should be commensurate with the size and complexity of the organization and its use of incentive compensation. 
 
 Bank Regulation 
 
 General. The Bank is an Indiana-chartered bank formed pursuant to the Indiana Financial Institutions Act (the IFIA ). As such, the Bank is regularly examined by and subject to regulations promulgated by the DFI and the FDIC as its primary federal bank regulator. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 6 

Business Activities . The Bank derives its lending and investment powers from the IFIA, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA and related regulations. 
 
 Loans-to-One Borrower Limitations . Generally, the Bank s total loans or extensions of credit to a single borrower, including the borrower s related entities, outstanding at one time, and not fully secured, cannot exceed 15 of the Bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. If the loans or extensions of credit are fully secured by readily marketable collateral, the Bank may lend up to an additional 10 of its unimpaired capital and surplus. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act . Under the CRA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, the Bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with safe and sound banking practices, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the FDIC, in connection with its examinations of the Bank, to assess the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its entire community and to take that record into account in evaluating certain applications for regulatory approvals that we may file with the FDIC. 
 
 Due to its online-driven model and nationwide banking platform, the Bank has opted to operate under a CRA Strategic Plan, which sets forth certain guidelines the Bank must meet. The Bank's current CRA Strategic Plan covers the time period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023. The Bank received a Satisfactory CRA rating in its most recent CRA examination. Failure of an institution to receive at least a Satisfactory rating could inhibit such institution or its holding company from engaging in certain activities or pursuing acquisitions of other financial institutions. 
 
 The federal banking agencies are currently working on a comprehensive review and revision of the rule implementing the CRA that is intended to strengthen and enhance the CRA. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates . The authority of the Bank, like other FDIC-insured institutions, to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W. An affiliate for this purpose is defined generally as any company that owns or controls the Bank or is under common ownership or control with the Bank, but excludes a company controlled by a bank. In general, transactions between the Bank and its affiliates must be on terms that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices and at least as favorable to the Bank as comparable transactions between the Bank and non-affiliates. In addition, covered transactions with affiliates are restricted individually to 10 and in the aggregate to 20 of the Bank s capital. Collateral ranging from 100 to 130 of the loan amount depending on the quality of the collateral must be provided for an affiliate to secure a loan or other extension of credit from the Bank. The Company is an affiliate of the Bank for purposes of Regulation W and Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. We believe the Bank complied with these provisions during 2022. 
 
 Loans to and Other Transactions with Insiders . The Bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons Related Interests ), is governed by Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders: (1) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and (2) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Bank s capital. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved in advance by the Bank s Board of Directors. Further, provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act require that any sale or purchase of an asset by the Bank with an insider must be on market terms, and if the transaction represents more than 10 of the Bank s capital stock and surplus, it must be approved in advance by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Bank. We believe the Bank is in compliance with these provisions. 
 
 Enforcement . The DFI and the FDIC share primary regulatory enforcement responsibility over the Bank and its institution-affiliated parties, including directors, officers and employees. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to appoint a conservator or receiver for the Bank, to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist orders, to seek judicial enforcement of administrative orders and to remove directors and officers from office and bar them from further participation in banking. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws, regulations and administrative orders, as well as in response to unsafe or unsound banking practices or conditions. 
 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness . Pursuant to the FDIA, the federal banking agencies have adopted a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset 
 7 

growth, asset quality, earnings standards, compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. We believe we are in compliance with the safety and soundness guidelines. 
 
 Dividends . The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is limited by state and federal laws and regulations, including the requirement for the Bank to obtain the prior approval of the DFI before paying a dividend that, together with other dividends it has paid during a calendar year, would exceed the sum of its net income for the year to date combined with its retained net income for the previous two years. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is further affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and it is generally prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, it would be undercapitalized. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, the FDIC and the DFI may prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank if either or both determine such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 Insurance of Deposit Accounts . The Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ), which is administered by the FDIC. All deposit accounts at the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to a maximum of 250,000 per depositor. Under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 Liquidity . The Bank is required to maintain a sufficient amount of liquid assets to ensure its safe and sound operation. To fund its operations, the Bank historically has relied upon deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis FHLB borrowings, Fed Funds lines with correspondent banks and brokered deposits. The FDIA and FDIC regulations limit the ability of banks to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits unless the institution is well capitalized. The FDIC may grant a waiver to permit a less than well capitalized bank to hold brokered deposits, but limitations on the rates paid on such deposits will apply, and the bank may also be required to pay a higher deposit insurance assessment on such deposits. The Bank believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet its funding obligations for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System . The Bank is a member of the FHLB, which is one of the regional Federal Home Loan Banks comprising the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Each Federal Home Loan Bank serves as a central credit facility primarily for its member institutions. The Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to acquire and hold shares of FHLB capital stock. While the required percentage of stock ownership is subject to change by the FHLB, the Bank is in compliance with this requirement with an investment in FHLB stock at December 31, 2022 of 28.4 million. Any advances from the FHLB must be secured by specified types of collateral, and long-term advances may be used for the purpose of providing funds to make residential mortgage or commercial loans and to purchase investments. Long-term advances may also be used to help alleviate interest rate risk for asset and liability management purposes. The Bank receives dividends on its FHLB stock. 
 
 Federal Reserve System . Although the Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, it is subject to provisions of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s regulations under which depository institutions may be required to maintain reserves against their deposit accounts and certain other liabilities. In March 2020, the Federal Reserve announced that the banking system had ample reserves and, as reserve requirements no longer played a significant role in this regime, it reduced all reserve tranches to zero percent, thereby freeing banks from the reserve maintenance requirement. This action permits the Bank to loan or invest funds that were previously unavailable. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it currently has no plans to reimpose reserve requirements but that it may impose such a requirement in the future if conditions warrant. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the Bank Secrecy Act . Under the Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA ), a financial institution is required to have systems in place to detect and report transactions of a certain size and nature. Financial institutions are generally required to report to the U.S. Treasury any cash transactions involving more than 10,000. In addition, financial institutions are required to file suspicious activity reports for transactions that involve more than 5,000 and which the financial institution knows, suspects or has reason to suspect involves illegal funds, is designed to evade the requirements of the BSA or has no lawful purpose. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act ), which amended the BSA, is designed to deny terrorists and others the ability to obtain anonymous access to the U.S. financial system. The USA PATRIOT Act has significant implications for financial institutions and businesses of other types involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act, in conjunction with the implementation of various federal regulatory agency regulations, has caused financial institutions, such as the Bank, to adopt and implement additional policies or amend existing policies and procedures with respect to, among other things, anti-money laundering compliance, suspicious activity, currency transaction reporting, customer identity verification and customer risk analysis. Bank regulators regularly examine institutions for compliance with these obligations, and may impose cease and desist orders and civil money penalty sanctions on institutions determined to be in violation of these obligations. 
 8 

In January 2021, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AMLA ), which amends the BSA, was enacted. The AMLA is intended to comprehensively reform and modernize U.S. anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, the AMLA codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards by the U.S. Treasury for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including a significant expansion in the available sanctions for certain BSA violations and enhanced whistleblower provisions permitting monetary awards to persons who provide information that leads to successful enforcement of certain violations. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemaking, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. 
 
 The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. These sanctions, which are administered by the U.S. Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (1) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (2) blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (for example, property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions can give rise to serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws . The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, Homeowners Protection Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (the FACT Act ), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLBA ), the Truth in Lending Act, the CRA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, t he Service Members Civil Relief Act, t he Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, laws relating to unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices, and various state laws such as usury laws, or laws which are counterparts and/or extensions of the foregoing federal laws. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. Further, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB as an independent agency within the Federal Reserve System. The CFPB has the exclusive authority to administer, enforce, and otherwise implement federal consumer financial laws, which includes the power to make rules, issue orders, and issue guidance governing the provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair or deceptive acts and practices and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers and draft model disclosure forms. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. In recent years, state authorities have also increased their attention to the enforcement of consumer protection rules, and in some cases, states are permitted to adopt and enforce consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those issued or enforced by the CFPB. The CFPB has exclusive federal consumer law supervisory authority and primary enforcement authority over insured depository institutions with assets totaling over 10 billion. Authority for institutions with 10 billion or less rests with the prudential regulator, and in the case of the Bank lies with the FDIC. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Restrictions. The Dodd-Frank Act initiated a number of significant residential mortgage lending reforms that have taken place in recent years. These reforms include standards that mortgage lenders must consider before making a residential mortgage loan, including verifying a borrower s ability to repay such mortgage loan. Borrowers are also allowed to assert violations of certain provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act as a defense to foreclosure proceedings. Prepayment penalties are prohibited for certain mortgage transactions and creditors are prohibited from financing insurance policies in connection with a residential mortgage loan or home equity line of credit. Mortgage lenders are required to make additional disclosures prior to the extension of credit, in each billing statement and for negative amortization loans and hybrid adjustable rate mortgages. Additionally, mortgage originators are prohibited from receiving compensation based on the terms of residential mortgage loans and are subject to limitations on their ability to be compensated by others if compensation is received from a consumer. 
 
 Customer Information Security . The federal banking agencies have adopted final guidelines for establishing standards for safeguarding nonpublic personal information about customers. These guidelines implement provisions of the GLBA. Specifically, the Information Security Guidelines established by the GLBA require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer 
 9 

information (as defined under the GLBA), to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. The federal banking regulators have issued guidance for banks on response programs for unauthorized access to customer information. This guidance, among other things, requires notice to be sent to customers whose sensitive information has been compromised if misuse of this information is reasonably possible. 
 
 Identity Theft Red Flags . Rules implementing Section 114 of the FACT Act require each financial institution or creditor to develop and implement a written Identity Theft Prevention Program to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of certain accounts or certain existing accounts. In addition, the federal banking agencies issued guidelines to assist financial institutions and creditors in the formulation and maintenance of an Identity Theft Prevention Program that satisfies the requirements of the rules. Rules implementing Section 114 of the FACT Act also require credit and debit card issuers to assess the validity of notifications of changes of address under certain circumstances. Additionally, the federal banking agencies issued joint rules under Section 315 of the FACT Act that provide guidance regarding reasonable policies and procedures that a user of consumer reports must employ when a consumer reporting agency sends the user a notice of address discrepancy. 
 
 Privacy . The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. In general, the statute requires financial institutions to explain to consumers their policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required or permitted by law, financial institutions are prohibited from disclosing such information except as provided in their policies and procedures. The Bank is required to provide notice to its customers on an annual basis disclosing its policies and procedures on the sharing of nonpublic personal information. From time to time, Congress and state legislatures consider additional legislation relating to privacy and other aspects of consumer information that could have an impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 A number of U.S. states have also enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, financial information and other information. These laws and regulations may be more restrictive and not preempted by U.S. federal laws. For example, several U.S. territories and all 50 states now have data breach laws that require timely notification to individuals, and at times regulators, the media or credit reporting agencies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of personal information. Other state laws include the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA, among other things, contains new disclosure obligations for businesses that collect personal information about California residents and affords those individuals numerous rights relating to their personal information that may affect our ability to use personal information or share it with our business partners. 
 
 A second law called the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which goes into effect in 2023, expands the scope of the CCPA, imposes new restrictions on behavioral advertising, and establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency which will enforce the law and issue regulations. Similar laws were enacted in Virginia and Colorado in 2021 and go into effect in 2023, and other states have considered and are actively considering legislation along the same lines. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact of these state laws, which may impose substantial penalties for violations, impose significant costs for investigation and compliance, allow private class-action litigation and carry significant potential liability for our business. 
 
 Cybersecurity . In 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing digital-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 In November 2021, the federal banking agencies published a final rule establishing computer-security incident notification requirements that require a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator of any computer security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after determining that such an incident has occurred. The rule also requires a bank service provider to notify each affected banking organization 
 10 

customer as soon as possible when the service provider determines it has experienced a computer security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. For example, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. We expect this trend of increased activity and changes at the state level to continue. 
 
 In 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 In support of our digital banking platform, we rely heavily on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our operations and store sensitive data. We employ an in-depth approach that leverages people, processes, and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. In addition, we employ a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of our defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. 
 
 We continually strive to enhance our cyber and information security in order to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems. We regularly conduct cybersecurity risk assessments, regularly engage with the Board or appropriate committees on cybersecurity matters, routinely update our incident response plans based on emerging threats, periodically practice implementation of incident response plans across applicable departments, and train officers and employees to detect and report suspicious activity. Although to date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, our systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat, and it is possible that we could experience a significant event in the future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats. 
 
 Climate-Related Risk Management and Regulation. In recent years, the federal banking agencies and the SEC have increased their focus on climate-related risks impacting the operation of banks, the communities they serve and the financial system as a whole. Proposals related to climate-related financial and other risks impacting banks are being considered at both the federal and state level. It is too early to predict to what extent legislative and regulatory proposals will impact the Company and the Bank, but we will continue to monitor these developments and the steps that will need to be taken to address any new requirements. 
 
 Additional Matters . The earnings of financial institutions are also affected by general economic conditions and prevailing interest rates, both domestic and foreign, and by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States Government and its various agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of credit in order to influence general economic conditions, primarily through open market operations in United States Government obligations, varying the discount rate on financial institution borrowings, varying reserve requirements against financial institution deposits, and restricting certain borrowings by financial institutions and their subsidiaries. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of the Bank in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. 
 
 Additional legislation and administrative actions affecting the banking industry may be considered by the United States Congress, state legislatures and various regulatory agencies, including those referred to above. It cannot be predicted with certainty whether such legislation or administrative action will be enacted or the extent to which the banking industry, the Company or the Bank would be affected. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), free of charge on its website at www.firstinternetbancorp.com as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. References to the Company s website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are provided as a convenience only and are not incorporated by reference. 
 11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations and which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations are discussed below and elsewhere in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that are currently not believed to be significant to our business may also affect our actual results and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Business, Strategic, and Reputational Risks 
 
 A failure of, or interruption in, the communications and information systems on which we rely to conduct our business could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 
 We rely heavily upon communications and information systems to conduct our business. Although we have built a level of redundancy into our information technology infrastructure and update our business continuity plan annually, any failure or interruption of our information systems, or the third-party information systems on which we rely, as a result of inadequate or failed processes or systems, human errors or external events, could adversely affect our digital-based operations and slow or temporarily halt the processing of applications, loan servicing, deposit-related transactions, and our general banking operations. In addition, our communication and information systems may present security risks and could be susceptible to hacking or other unauthorized access. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Economic conditions have affected and could continue to adversely affect our revenues and profits. 
 
 Our success depends, to a certain extent, upon favorable economic and political conditions, local and national, as well as governmental monetary policies. Conditions such as recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, inflation, money supply, and other factors beyond the Company s control may adversely affect deposit levels, costs, loan demand and/or asset quality and, therefore, our earnings. Further, any economic downturn could result in financial stress on our borrowers that would adversely affect consumer confidence, a reduction in general business activity and increased market volatility. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and businesses and the lack of confidence in the financial markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. Our ability to properly assess the creditworthiness of our customers and to estimate the losses inherent in our credit exposure would be made more complex by difficult or rapidly changing market and economic conditions. Accordingly, if market conditions worsen, we may experience increases in foreclosures, delinquencies, write-offs and customer bankruptcies, as well as more restricted access to funds. 
 
 The competitive nature of the banking and financial services industry could negatively affect our ability to increase or maintain our market share and retain long-term profitability. 
 
 Competition in the banking and financial services industry is strong. We compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, fintechs, mutual funds, insurance companies and securities brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally and nationwide and may soon compete with entities that granted special purpose national bank SPNB charters by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and market presence than we do and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we do, which could affect our ability to increase our market share and remain profitable on a long-term basis. 
 
 Reputational risk and social factors may negatively affect us. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon other external perceptions of our business practices and financial condition. Adverse perceptions could damage our reputation to a level that could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining lending and deposit relationships and accessing equity or credit markets, as well as increased regulatory scrutiny of our business. Adverse developments or perceptions regarding the business practices or financial condition of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, may also indirectly adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 12 

In addition, adverse reputational developments with respect to third parties with whom we have important relationships may negatively affect our reputation. All of the above factors may result in greater regulatory and/or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or regulations that may change or constrain the manner in which we engage with our customers and the products we offer and may also increase our litigation risk. If these risks were to materialize, they could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 New lines of business, and new products and services may result in exposure to new risks and the value and earnings related to existing lines of business are subject to market conditions. 
 
 The Bank has introduced, and in the future, may introduce new products and services to differing markets either alone or in conjunction with third parties, including programs and products introduced as part of our fintech partnership initiatives. New lines of business, products or services could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls or the controls of third parties and could reduce our revenues and potentially generate losses. There are material inherent risks and uncertainties associated with offering new products and services, especially when new markets are not fully developed or when the laws and regulations regarding a new product are not mature. New products and services, or entrance into new markets, may require substantial time, resources and capital, and profitability targets may not be achieved. Factors outside of our control, such as developing laws and regulations, regulatory orders, competitive product offerings and changes in commercial and consumer demand for products or services may also materially impact the successful launch and implementation of new products or services. Failure to manage these risks, or failure of any product or service offerings to be successful and profitable, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The wind-down of our consumer mortgage operations may take longer than expected and may cost more than anticipated. 
 
 Due to the steep decline in consumer mortgage volumes and the negative outlook for consumer mortgage lending over the next several years, the Company decided to exit the consumer mortgage business during the first quarter of 2023. We have incurred and expect to incur a number of costs associated with the wind-down of the consumer mortgage business through at least the end of the second quarter of 2023. Our management made accounting judgments and estimates related to the wind-down of the consumer mortgage business. Our operating results could be adversely impacted in future periods if the accounting judgments and estimates prove to be inaccurate, if the wind-down takes significantly longer than anticipated, if we incur additional, unanticipated costs, or if we face litigation related to the exit. 
 
 Significant external events, including continued spread of the COVID-19 pandemic or outbreak of a highly contagious disease, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We could experience other external events such as severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war, such as the current conflict in Ukraine, terrorism or widespread public health issues, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or another highly contagious or infectious disease, that could impair the ability of our customers to repay outstanding loans; impair the value of collateral, if any, securing outstanding loans; negatively impact our deposit base, loan originations or general demand for our services; cause significant property damage; result in loss of revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses or losses. We could also be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to external events affecting the places they live. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, there is no assurance that such plans and safeguards will completely mitigate the adverse impacts of any significant external event. The occurrence or continuation of any such event could materially adversely impact our business, our ability to provide our services, demand for our services, asset quality, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our shareholders. 
 
 Provisions of Indiana law and provisions of our articles of incorporation could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. We are subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under the Indiana Business Corporation Law. Additionally, our articles of incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without shareholder approval and such preferred stock could be issued as a defensive measure in response to a takeover proposal. 
 
 Although these provisions do not preclude a takeover, they may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or deferring a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his or her best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. Such provisions will also render the removal of the Board of Directors and of management more difficult and, therefore, may serve to perpetuate current management. These provisions could potentially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 13 

Credit Risks 
 
 Our commercial loan portfolio exposes us to higher credit risks than residential real estate loans, including risks relating to the success of the underlying business and conditions in the market or the economy and concentrations in our commercial loan portfolio. 
 
 Our commercial loans totaled 2.7 billion, or 77.7 of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. These loans generally involve higher credit risks than residential real estate loans and are dependent upon our lenders maintaining close relationships with the borrowers. Payments on these loans are often dependent upon the successful operation and management of the underlying business or assets, and repayment of such loans may be influenced to a great extent by conditions in the market or the economy. Commercial loans typically involve larger loan balances than residential real estate loans and could lead to concentration risks within our commercial loan portfolio. In addition, our C I, healthcare finance, franchise finance and small business loans have primarily been extended to small to medium sized businesses that generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. Our failure to manage this commercial loan growth and the related risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, with respect to CRE, federal and state banking regulators are examining CRE lending activity with heightened scrutiny and may require banks with higher levels of CRE loans to implement more stringent underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses and capital levels as a result of CRE lending growth and exposures. Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of CRE loans, our banking regulators may require us to maintain higher levels of capital than we would otherwise be expected to maintain, which could limit our ability to leverage our capital and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Portions of our commercial lending activities are geographically concentrated in Central Indiana and adjacent markets, and changes in local economic conditions may impact their performance. 
 
 We offer our consumer lending as well as public finance, healthcare finance, franchise finance, small business lending and single tenant financing products and services throughout the United States. However, we serve CRE and C I borrowers primarily in Central Indiana and adjacent markets. Accordingly, the performance of our CRE and C I lending depends upon demographic and economic conditions in those regions. The profitability of our CRE and C I loan portfolio may be impacted by changes in those conditions. Additionally, unfavorable local economic conditions could reduce or limit the growth rate of our CRE and C I loan portfolios for a significant period of time, or otherwise decrease the ability of those borrowers to repay their loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from conditions in the real estate market, as a significant portion of our loans are secured by real estate . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 48.2 of our loans held for investment portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as the primary component of collateral. Our real estate lending activities, and our exposure to fluctuations in real estate collateral values, are significant and may increase as our assets increase. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located, in response to factors such as economic downturns, changes in the economic health of industries heavily concentrated in a particular area and in response to changes in market interest rates, which influence capitalization rates used to value revenue-generating commercial real estate. If the value of real estate serving as collateral for our loans declines materially, a significant part of our loan portfolio could become under-collateralized and losses incurred upon borrower defaults would increase. Conditions in certain segments of the real estate industry, including homebuilding, lot development and mortgage lending, may have an effect on values of real estate pledged as collateral for our loans. The inability of purchasers of real estate, including residential real estate, to obtain financing may weaken the financial condition of our borrowers who are dependent on the sale or refinancing of property to repay their loans. Changes in the economic health of certain industries can have a significant impact on other sectors or industries which are directly or indirectly associated with those industries, and may impact the value of real estate in areas where such industries are concentrated. 
 
 The implementation of CECL, including the design and maintenance of related internal controls over financial reporting, will require a significant amount of time and resources which may have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 14 

A new accounting standard adopted by FASB, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL ), will require financial institutions, like the Bank, to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan and lease losses beginning with our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. Current GAAP requires an incurred loss methodology for recognizing credit losses that delays recognition until it is probable a loss has been incurred. CECL will represent a significant change in methodology and may greatly increase the types of data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan and lease losses. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our financial statements. However, the allowance for loan and lease losses may increase upon the adoption of CECL and any such increased allowance level would decrease shareholders' equity and the Company's and Bank's regulatory capital ratios. 
 
 A significant amount of time and resources may be needed to implement CECL effectively, including the implementation of adequate internal controls, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting relating to CECL, or otherwise, our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations accurately and on a timely basis could also be adversely affected. 
 
 Market, Interest Rate, and Liquidity Risks 
 
 The market value of some of our investments could decline and adversely affect our financial position. 
 
 In assessing the impairment of investment securities, we consider the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuers, whether the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions and whether we have the intent to sell the security or will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. We also use economic models to assist in the valuation of some of our investment securities. If our investment securities experience a decline in value, we would need to determine whether the decline represented an other-than-temporary impairment, in which case we would be required to record a write-down of the investment and a corresponding charge to our earnings. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s earnings depend substantially on the Company s interest rate spread, which is the difference between (i) the rates the Bank earns on loans, securities, and other earning assets and (ii) the interest rates the Bank pays on deposits and other borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. If market interest rates continue to rise, especially at the pace they did in 2022, the Company will have competitive pressure to increase the rates the Bank pays on deposits, which could result in a decrease of net interest income. If market interest rates decline, the Bank could experience fixed-rate loan prepayments and higher investment portfolio cash flows, resulting in a lower yield on earning assets. Earnings can also be impacted by the spread between short-term and long-term market interest rates. 
 
 The replacement of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR with a benchmark rate that is higher or more volatile than LIBOR, could increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the Authority announced that the Authority intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (together with any successor, IBA ), as administrator of LIBOR In response to concerns regarding the future of LIBOR, Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC to identify alternatives to LIBOR. The ARRC first recommended a benchmark replacement waterfall that facilitated continued linkage to LIBOR while recognizing that the discontinuation of LIBOR would eventually occur. The initial steps in the ARRC's recommended waterfall referenced variations of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), and the ARRC has since recommended SOFR as the replacement rate for U.S. dollar denominated LIBOR. While market participants were warned that LIBOR may cease to exist after 2021, the IBA announced in early 2021 that it would continue to publish the most widely used tenors of U.S. dollar denominated LIBOR (such as one-month and three-month LIBOR) until June 30, 2023. While the IBA's announcement extended LIBOR's phase-out, there is no current expectation that LIBOR will continue beyond mid-2023, and U.S. banking regulators have issued guidance encouraging banking organizations to cease using U.S. dollar denominated LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts. 
 
 15 

At this time, it is not possible to predict whether SOFR will attain market acceptance as the standard replacement for LIBOR, whether alternative reference rates other than SOFR (such as Ameribor) will gain market traction or whether additional reforms to LIBOR may be enacted. Further, other central banks and regulators have convened working groups to evaluate other interest rate benchmarks (such as EURIBOR), and it is possible that a transition away from certain of these interest rate benchmarks will occur leading to the establishment of new market accepted reference rates. Uncertainty regarding the market standard replacement for LIBOR, and floating rate benchmarks generally, could have adverse impacts on floating-rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives and other financial instruments that currently use LIBOR as a benchmark rate and adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, the floating rate features of our outstanding 6.0 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes are based on LIBOR, while the floating rate features of our 3.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes are based on SOFR. In anticipation of LIBOR s phase out, and the uncertainty of SOFR as a LIBOR replacement, the terms of our 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes provide for a benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR or SOFR, as applicable, with such benchmark replacement rate to be determined by the Company or an independent financial advisor appointed by the Company, as applicable, in each case in accordance with terms of the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes, respectively. There can be no assurance that any replacement benchmark rate for our 2029 Notes or 2031 Notes will be determined or agreed upon, as applicable, before experiencing adverse effects due to changes in interest rates, if at all. We will continue to monitor the situation and address the potential reference rate changes in future debt obligations that we may incur. Accordingly, the potential effect of the phase-out of LIBOR, or the unavailability of any other interest rate benchmarks such as SOFR or EURIBOR, on our cost of capital cannot yet be determined. Further, the use of an alternative base rate or a benchmark replacement rate as a basis for calculating interest with respect to any outstanding variable rate indebtedness could lead to an increase in the interest we pay and a corresponding increase in our costs of capital or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Bank may not be able to pay us dividends. 
 
 The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is limited by state and federal law and depends generally on the Bank s ability to generate net income. If we are unable to comply with applicable provisions of these statutes and regulations, the Bank may not be able to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to pay dividends on our outstanding common stock and our ability to service our debt may be materially impaired. 
 
 We may need additional funding resources in the future, and these funding resources may not be available when needed or at all, without which our financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially impaired. 
 
 As a part of our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. These sources include brokered deposits and federal funds purchased. Further, in recent years, we have raised additional capital in the public debt and equity markets to support balance sheet growth, refinance existing debt obligations, or explore strategic alternatives which may include additional asset, deposit or revenue generation channels. Our ability to source deposits and raise future capital, if needed, will depend upon our financial performance and conditions in the capital markets, as well as economic conditions generally. Accordingly, such financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s stock price can be volatile. 
 
 The Company s stock price can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, including without limitation: actual or anticipated variations in the Company s quarterly operating results; recommendations by securities analysts; significant acquisitions or business combinations; strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; new technology used or services offered by the Company s competitors; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the banking and financial services industry, and changes in government regulations. General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, including terrorist attacks, increased inflation, economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes, credit loss trends or currency fluctuations, could also cause the Company s stock price to decrease, regardless of the Company s operating results. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 16 

Because our business is highly dependent on technology that is subject to rapid change and transformation, we are subject to risks of obsolescence. 
 
 The Bank conducts its deposit gathering activities and a significant portion of its lending activities through digital channels. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change, and we face constant evolution of customer demand for technology-driven financial and banking products and services. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvement and product development, marketing and implementation. Any failure to successfully keep pace with and fund technological innovation in the markets in which we compete could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on our management team and could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of key officers. 
 
 Our future success and profitability are substantially dependent upon our management and the abilities of our senior executives. We believe that our future results will also depend in part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified management. Competition for senior personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. Changes in key personnel and their responsibilities may be disruptive to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the loss of our chief executive officer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business and lead to unauthorized disclosure of customers personal information, theft or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage to our reputation, and increases in our costs or financial losses. 
 
 We depend upon our ability to process, record and monitor our client transactions on a continuous basis. As customer, public and regulatory expectations regarding data privacy and information security have increased, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities, may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger-scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business. 
 
 Information security risks for financial institutions such as ours have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of digital technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists and other external parties. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our business relies on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct its operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use smartphones, tablets, personal computers and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers devices may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our customers or other third parties business operations. 
 
 Third parties with whom we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Although to date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, like other companies, we and our vendors face a wide range of ongoing cyber threats that include phishing emails and social engineering schemes, ransomware threats, and criminal re-use of credentials sold on the dark web. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such material losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, company data, networks, and customer information from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a focus for us. As threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. 
 17 

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and clients, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our clients use to access our products and services, could result in client attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, breach investigation and notification expenses, reputational damage, claims or litigation, reimbursement or other compensation costs and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment, which could restrain our growth and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations that govern almost all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations, and the supervisory framework that oversees the administration of these laws and regulations, are primarily intended to protect depositors, the DIF and the banking system as a whole, and not shareholders. These laws and regulations, among other matters, affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, operations and growth. Compliance with the myriad laws and regulations applicable to our organization can be difficult and costly. In addition, these laws, regulations and policies are subject to continual review by governmental authorities, and changes to these laws, regulations and policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of these laws, regulations and policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and often impose additional compliance costs. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive. All of these laws and regulations, and the supervisory framework applicable to our industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. 
 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the DFI periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a federal or state banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments may increase, which would reduce our profitability. 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to legal limits and, accordingly, subject to the payment of FDIC deposit insurance assessments. The Bank s regular assessments are determined by its risk classification, which is based on a number of factors, including regulatory capital levels, asset growth and asset quality. High levels of bank failures during and following the financial crisis and increases in the statutory deposit insurance limits have increased resolution costs to the FDIC and put significant pressure on the DIF. In order to maintain a strong funding position and restore the reserve ratios of the DIF, the FDIC may increase deposit insurance assessment rates and may charge a special assessment to all FDIC-insured financial institutions. Further increases in assessment rates or special assessments may occur in the future, especially if there are significant additional financial institution failures. Any future special assessments, increases in assessment rates or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The long-term impact of regulatory capital rules is uncertain and a significant increase in our capital requirements could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
 
 In order to remain well-capitalized , the Basel III Capital Rules require the Company and the Bank to maintain: (i) a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 ); (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio 
 18 

of 8.5 ); (iii) a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and (iv) a minimum Leverage Ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 The application of more stringent capital requirements for both the Company and the Bank could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions constraining us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to evolving and expensive regulations and requirements. Our failure to adhere to these requirements or the failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could seriously harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation as a financial institution and are also required to follow the corporate governance and financial reporting practices and policies required of a company whose stock is registered under the Exchange Act and listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Compliance with these requirements means we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Compliance also requires a significant diversion of management time and attention, particularly with regard to disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Although we have reviewed, and will continue to review, our disclosure controls and procedures in order to determine whether they are effective, our controls and procedures may not be able to prevent errors or frauds in the future. Faulty judgments, simple errors or mistakes, or the failure of our personnel to adhere to established controls and procedures may make it difficult for us to ensure that the objectives of the control system will be met. A failure of our controls and procedures to detect other than inconsequential errors or fraud could seriously harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We face risk under the BSA and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations, as well as general fund transfer and payments-related risk. 
 
 The BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the OFAC. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, financial institutions, including ourselves, bear fund transfer risks of different types which result from large transaction volumes and large dollar amounts of incoming and outgoing money transfers. Loss exposure may result if money is transferred from the Bank before it is received, or legal rights to reclaim monies transferred are asserted. Such exposure results from payments which are made to merchants for payment clearing, while customers have statutory periods to reverse their payments. It also results from funds transfers made prior to receipt of offsetting funds, as accommodations to customers. Transfers could also be made in error. Additionally, as with other financial institutions, we may incur legal liability or reputational risk, if we unknowingly process payments for companies in violation of money laundering laws or regulations or immoral activities. 
 
 19 

Our introduction of new products and programs in partnership with fintechs is expected to increase account and transaction volume at the Bank and thereby increase the foregoing risks, the results of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to potential liability and business risk from actions by our regulators related to supervision of third parties. 
 
 Our regulators or auditors may require us to increase the level and manner of our oversight of the third parties which provide marketing and other services through which we offer products and services, whether in connection with our introduction of new programs and products, or otherwise. Although we have significant compliance staff and have used outside consultants, our internal and external compliance examiners continually evaluate our practices and must be satisfied with the results of our third-party oversight activities. We cannot assure you that we will satisfy all related requirements. Not maintaining a compliance management system which is deemed adequate could result in sanctions against the Bank. Our ongoing review and analysis of our compliance management system and implementation of any changes resulting from that review and analysis will likely result in increased non-interest expense. 
 
 Federal banking laws limit the acquisition, ownership and repurchase of our common stock. 
 
 Because we are a bank holding company, any purchaser of certain specified amounts of our common stock may be required to file a notice with or obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA, as amended, and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended. Specifically, under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, (1) any other bank holding company may be required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before acquiring 5 or more of our common stock and (2) any person may be required to file a notice with and not be disapproved by the Federal Reserve to acquire 10 or more of our common stock and will be required to file a notice with and not be disapproved by the Federal Reserve to acquire 25 or more of our common stock. Further, recently enacted laws impose an excise tax on a public company s repurchase of its own stock. There are discussions and proposed legislation to increase that excise tax. Increases in the excise tax on stock repurchases could negatively affect our current stock repurchase program and our ability to repurchase common stock in the future. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 In March 2013, the Company borrowed 4.0 million from the Bank for the purchase of the Company s principal executive offices. On February 16, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its principal executive offices to a third party. The sale was completed on April 16, 2021 and as a part of the sale agreement, the buyer leased the office building back to the Company through December 31, 2021. We vacated the office building at the end of the lease, on or prior to December 31, 2021. Additionally, the remaining principal balance of the Company s loan from the Bank was paid-in-full. 
 
 During 2019, the Bank's subsidiary, SPF15, Inc., acquired several parcels of real estate located in Fishers, Indiana. Site demolition was completed on the properties in early 2020 and construction of a multi-use development, which included the future headquarters of the Company and the Bank began shortly thereafter. The Company and the Bank now fully occupy the new headquarters, which is located at 8701 East 116th Street, Fishers, IN 46038. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, the Bank is a party to legal actions arising from its normal business activities. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The Company s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol INBK. 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, the Company had 8,949,423 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and there were 98 holders of record of common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Total cash dividends declared in 2022 were 0.24 per share. The Company expects to continue to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, the declaration and amount of any future cash dividends will be subject to the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, regulatory and contractual restrictions (including with respect to the Company s outstanding subordinated debt), business strategy and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Because the Company is a holding company and does not engage directly in business activities of a material nature, its ability to pay dividends to shareholders may depend, in large part, upon the receipt of distributions from the Bank, which is also subject to numerous limitations on the payment of dividends under federal and state banking laws, regulations and policies. The present and future ability of the Bank to distribute funds to the Company are subject to the discretion of the Board of the Directors of the Bank and the Bank is not obligated to pay any distributions to the Company. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In October 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 30.0 million, which was subsequently increased to 35.0 million, of our outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase authorization was scheduled to expire on December 31, 2022. Under this program, the Company repurchased 855,956 shares of common stock through December 19, 2022, at an average price of 36.31, for a total investment of 31.1 million. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 25.0 million of the Company s outstanding stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023, and replaced the stock repurchase program mentioned above. Under this program, the Company repurchased 178,188 shares of common stock through March 10, 2023, at an average price of 25.46, for a total investment of 4.5 million. 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases of the Company s common stock made during the fourth quarter of 2022 by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3). 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value Of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Programs October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 42,000 24.53 42,000 8,907 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 121,077 25.37 121,077 5,835 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 121,209 25.17 121,209 23,864 Total 242,286 242,286 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph and table compares the five-year cumulative total return to shareholders of First Internet Bancorp common stock with that of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index. The following assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in First Internet Bancorp, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. BMI Bank Index, and 
 21 

assumes that dividends are reinvested. The historical stock price performance for our common stock is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 

December 31, Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 First Internet Bancorp 100.00 54.03 63.40 77.90 128.38 66.74 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. BMI Banks Index 100.00 83.54 114.74 100.10 136.10 112.89 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

22 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 
 The following discussion, analysis and comparisons generally focus on the operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Discussion, analysis and comparisons of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should review the Risk Factors section of this report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. See also the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this report. 

Costs Associated with Exit Activities 
 
 Due to the steep decline in consumer mortgage volumes and the negative outlook for consumer mortgage lending over the next several years, the Company decided to exit its consumer mortgage business during the first quarter of 2023. This includes its nationwide digital direct-to-consumer mortgage platform that originates residential loans for sale in the secondary market, as well as its local traditional consumer mortgage and construction-to-permanent business. The Company s commercial construction and land development business will not be affected by this decision and will remain an important part of the Company s lending strategy. 
 
 This action is expected to reduce total annual noninterest expense by approximately 6.8 million and increase annualized pre-tax income by approximately 2.7 million, with 80 of the benefit realized in 2023 and 100 thereafter. The Company estimates that it will incur total pre-tax expense of approximately 3.3 million in the first and second quarters of 2023 associated with exiting this line of business. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net income was 35.5 million, or 3.70 per diluted share, compared to net income of 48.1 million, or 4.82 per diluted share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and net income of 29.5 million, or 2.99 per diluted share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The 12.6 million decrease in net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to an 11.6 million decrease in noninterest income, an 11.5 million increase in noninterest expense and a 3.9 million increase in provision for loan losses, partially offset by a 10.5 million increase in net interest income and a 3.9 million decrease in income tax expense. 
 
 The increase in net income of 18.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 was due primarily to a 22.0 million increase in net interest income and an 8.3 million decrease in provision for loan losses, partially offset by a 4.1 million increase in noninterest expense, a 4.0 million increase in income tax expense and a 3.5 million decrease in noninterest income. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, return on average assets was 0.85 , compared to 1.14 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, return on average shareholders equity was 9.53 , compared to 13.44 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, return on average tangible common equity was 9.65 compared to 13.61 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. These profitability ratios declined during 2022 due primarily to the decrease in net income. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Item 7 of Part II of this report, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. 
 
 23 

Consolidated Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Income Analyses 
 
 For the periods presented, the following tables provide the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the related yields and cost of funds. The tables do not reflect any effect of income taxes. Balances are based on the average of daily balances. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances. 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest/Dividends Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest/Dividends Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest/Dividends Yield/Cost Assets Interest-earning assets Loans, including loans held-for-sale 3,142,166 140,600 4.47 2,999,232 123,467 4.12 3,025,989 120,628 3.99 Securities - taxable 537,921 10,711 1.99 544,613 7,970 1.46 530,849 11,123 2.10 Securities - non-taxable 75,382 1,767 2.34 84,482 1,017 1.20 95,173 1,728 1.82 Other earning assets 278,073 3,830 1.38 466,608 1,429 0.31 523,788 3,380 0.65 Total interest-earning assets 4,033,542 156,908 3.89 4,094,935 133,883 3.27 4,175,799 136,859 3.28 Allowance for loan losses (29,143) (29,068) (24,660) Noninterest earning-assets 166,127 140,059 112,659 Total assets 4,170,526 4,205,926 4,263,798 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing demand deposits 333,737 2,056 0.62 195,699 583 0.30 145,207 840 0.58 Savings accounts 58,156 336 0.58 56,967 203 0.36 40,593 303 0.75 Money market accounts 1,423,185 18,513 1.30 1,434,829 5,892 0.41 1,156,084 11,381 0.98 BaaS - brokered deposits 60,699 1,033 1.70 0.00 0.00 Certificates and brokered deposits 1,147,017 19,894 1.73 1,411,211 23,144 1.64 1,882,773 43,452 2.31 Total interest-bearing deposits 3,022,794 41,832 1.38 3,098,706 29,822 0.96 3,224,657 55,976 1.74 Other borrowed funds 638,526 17,983 2.82 600,035 17,505 2.92 586,372 16,342 2.79 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,661,320 59,815 1.63 3,698,741 47,327 1.28 3,811,029 72,318 1.90 Noninterest-bearing deposits 120,325 101,825 74,277 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 16,037 47,255 64,729 Total liabilities 3,797,682 3,847,821 3,950,035 Shareholders' equity 372,844 358,105 313,763 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 4,170,526 4,205,926 4,263,798 Net interest income 97,093 86,556 64,541 Interest rate spread 1 
 2.26 1.99 1.38 Net interest margin 2 
 2.41 2.11 1.55 Net interest margin - FTE 3 
 2.54 2.25 1.68 
 
 1 Yield on total interest-earning assets minus cost of total interest-bearing liabilities 
 2 Net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets 
 3 On a fully-taxable equivalent FTE basis assuming a 21 tax rate. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Item 7 of Part II of this report, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

24 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table illustrates the impact of changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and interest rates on net interest income for the periods indicated. The change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 Rate/Volume Analysis of Net Interest Income Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 Due to Changes in Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 vs. December 31, 2020 Due to Changes in (amounts in thousands) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest income Loans, including loans held-for-sale 6,157 10,976 17,133 (1,074) 3,913 2,839 Securities taxable (100) 2,841 2,741 285 (3,438) (3,153) Securities non-taxable (120) 870 750 (177) (534) (711) Other earning assets (794) 3,195 2,401 (337) (1,614) (1,951) Total 5,143 17,882 23,025 (1,303) (1,673) (2,976) Interest expense Interest-bearing deposits (744) 12,754 12,010 (2,097) (24,057) (26,154) Other borrowed funds 1,094 (616) 478 388 775 1,163 Total 350 12,138 12,488 (1,709) (23,282) (24,991) Increase in net interest income 4,793 5,744 10,537 406 21,609 22,015 
 
 Net interest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 97.1 million, an increase of 10.5 million, or 12.2 , compared to 86.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income was the result of a 23.0 million, or 17.2 , increase in total interest income to 156.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 133.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This increase in total interest income was partially offset by a 12.5 million, or 26.4 , increase in total interest expense to 59.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 47.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The increase in total interest income was due to increases in interest earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale, securities and other earning assets. Interest income earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale, increased by 17.1 million as a result of the yield on the loan portfolio increasing by 35 bps, as well as the average balance of loans increasing by 142.9 million, or 4.8 . The increase in average loan balances was due primarily to increases in both the commercial (with the exception of healthcare finance) and consumer loan portfolios. Interest income earned on securities increased 3.5 million, or 38.8 , due to an increase of 60 bps in the yield earned on securities, partially offset by a decrease of 15.8 million, or 2.5 , in the average balance of securities. Interest income earned on other earning assets increased 2.4 million, or 168.0 , due to an increase of 107 bps in the yield earned on these assets, partially offset by a decrease of 188.5 million, or 40.4 , in the average balance of other earning assets. The decrease in the average balance of other earning assets was due primarily to lower cash balances. The increase in the yields earned on loans, securities and other earning assets was due primarily to the rise in interest rates throughout 2022. 
 
 The increase in total interest expense was driven primarily by increases in interest expense related to money market accounts, interest-bearing demand deposits and BaaS brokered deposits, but partially offset by a decrease in interest expense related to certificates and brokered deposits. The increase in interest expense related to money market accounts of 12.6 million, or 214.2 , was driven by an increase of 89 bps in the cost of these deposits, partially offset by a decrease of 11.6 million, or 0.8 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in interest expense related to interest-bearing demand deposits of 1.5 million, or 252.7 , was due primarily to an increase of 138.0 million, or 70.5 , in the average balance of these deposits and an increase of 32 bps in the cost of these deposits. The increase in BaaS brokered deposit expense was due to a 60.7 million increase in the average balance of deposits. The decrease in interest expense in certificates and brokered deposits of 3.3 million, or 14.0 , was due primarily to a 264.2 million, or 18.7 , decrease in the average balance of these deposits, partially offset by an increase of 9 bps in the cost of these deposits. The decrease in certificates and brokered deposit balances was driven by our pricing strategy to reduce the level of these higher cost deposits. The increase in the cost of total interest-bearing deposits, reflects the increase in interest rates throughout 2022. 
 
 25 

Net interest margin NIM was 2.41 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.11 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. On a fully-taxable equivalent FTE basis, NIM was 2.54 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.25 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 29 bps. The increase in NIM and FTE NIM compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to an increase in the yield earned on interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in the yield on interest-earning assets and cost of interest-bearing deposits was driven primarily by the increase in interest rates throughout 2022. 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents noninterest income for the three most recent years. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Service charges and fees 1,071 1,114 824 Loan servicing revenue 2.573 1,934 1,159 Loan servicing asset revaluation (1,639) (1,069) (432) Mortgage banking activities 5,464 15,050 24,693 Gain on sale of loans 11,372 11,598 8,298 Gain on sale of securities 139 Gain on sale of premises and equipment 2,523 Other 2,416 1,694 1,655 Total noninterest income 21,257 32,844 36,336 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, noninterest income totaled 21.3 million, representing a decrease of 11.6 million, or 35.3 , compared to 32.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in noninterest income was driven primarily by a decrease in revenue from mortgage banking activities, no gain on sale of premises and equipment in 2022 and a 0.6 million decrease in loan servicing asset revaluation, which was partially offset by an increase in other noninterest income. The decrease in mortgage banking revenue was due mainly to decreases in interest rate locks, sold loan volumes and gain-on-sale margins driven by the increase in interest rates throughout 2022. The increase in other noninterest income was due primarily to distributions received on certain Small Business Investment Company and venture capital fund investments. Net loan servicing revenue was relatively stable as growth in the balance of the Company s SBA 7(a) servicing portfolio was offset by the negative impact of prepayment speeds on the servicing asset revaluation. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table presents noninterest expense for the three most recent years. Twelve Months Ended December 31, (amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 41,553 38,223 34,231 Marketing, advertising and promotion 3,554 3,261 1,654 Consulting and professional services 4,826 4,054 3,511 Data processing 1,989 1,649 1,528 Loan expenses 4,435 2,112 2,036 Premises and equipment 10,688 7,063 6,396 Deposit insurance premium 1,152 1,213 1,810 Write-down of other real estate owned 2,065 Other 5,076 4,223 4,423 Total noninterest expense 73,273 61,798 57,654 
 
 26 

Noninterest expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 73.3 million, compared to 61.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 11.5 million, or 18.6 , compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to increases of 3.6 million in premises and equipment, 3.3 million in salaries and employee benefits, 2.3 million in loan expenses, 0.9 million in other noninterest expense and 0.8 million in consulting and professional fees. The increase in premises and equipment was due mainly to costs associated with the Company s new corporate headquarters, as well as investments in technology, software maintenance and a write-down of software. The higher salaries and employee benefits expense was due mainly to increased headcount, higher medical claims expense, a 0.5 million discretionary inflation bonus paid to certain employees and 0.3 million of accelerated equity compensation related to employees who retired during the year. The increase in loan expenses was due primarily to servicing fees related to tax refund advance loans and franchise finance loans. The increase in other was due to several items, none of which were individually significant. The increase in consulting and professional fees was due primarily to a 0.9 million consulting fee associated with a special project. 

27 

Income Taxes 
 
 The following table reconciles reported income tax expense to that computed at the statutory federal tax rate for the three most recent years. 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Statutory rate times pre-tax income 8,421 11,880 7,119 (Subtract) add the tax effect of: Income from tax-exempt securities and loans (4,190) (4,217) (4,464) State income taxes, net of federal tax effect 592 865 1,765 Bank-owned life insurance (201) (199) (200) Tax credits (143) (175) (178) Other differences 80 304 403 Income tax expense 4,559 8,458 4,445 
 
 We recognized income tax expense of 4.6 million in 2022, resulting in an effective tax rate of 11.4 , compared to 8.5 million and an effective tax rate of 15.0 in 2021. Our federal statutory tax rate was 21 in 2022 and 2021. In both 2022 and 2021, the variance from the federal statutory rate was due primarily to tax-exempt income, partially offset by state income taxes. Interest income on certain loans or securities issued by governmental, municipal and not-for-profit entities, and earnings from bank-owned life insurance were the primary components of tax-exempt income. The decrease in the effective tax rate and income tax expense was due primarily to the decrease in pre-tax earnings driven by a lower proportion of taxable revenue, including decreased mortgage banking activities and no gain on sale of premises and equipment in 2022. 

28 

Financial Condition 
 
 The following table presents summary balance sheet data as of the end of the last two years. (amounts in thousands) December 31, Balance Sheet Data: 2022 2021 Total assets 4,543,104 4,210,994 Loans 3,499,401 2,887,662 Total securities 579,552 662,609 Loans held-for-sale 21,511 47,745 Noninterest-bearing deposits 175,315 117,531 Interest-bearing deposits 3,265,930 3,061,428 Total deposits 3,441,245 3,178,959 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 614,928 514,922 Total shareholders' equity 364,974 380,338 
 
 Total assets increased 332.1 million, or 7.9 , to 4.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 4.2 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase in total assets was driven primarily by an increase in loan balances, partially offset by decreases in cash and securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total shareholders equity was 365.0 million, a decrease of 15.4 million, or 4.0 , compared to December 31, 2021, due primarily to stock repurchase activity and an increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss resulting from a decline in the value of the available-for-sale securities portfolio caused mainly by the continued rise in interest rates during the year. This was partially offset by the net income earned during the year and an increase in the value of interest rate swaps classified as cash flow hedges. Tangible common equity totaled 360.3 million as of December 31, 2022, representing a decrease of 15.4 million, or 4.1 , compared to December 31, 2021. The ratio of total shareholders equity to total assets decreased to 8.03 as of December 31, 2022 from 9.03 as of December 31, 2021 and the ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets decreased to 7.94 as of December 31, 2022 from 8.93 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Book value per common share increased 3.3 to 40.26 as of December 30, 2022 from 38.99 as of December 31, 2021. Tangible book value per share increased 3.2 to 39.74 as of December 31, 2022 from 38.51 as of December 31, 2021. The growth in both book value per common share and tangible book value per share reflects net income earned during the year and the effect of stock repurchase activity throughout the year, partially offset by the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Item 7 of Part II of this report, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. 
 
 29 

Loan Portfolio Analysis 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our loan portfolio as of the end of the last two years. December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 126,108 3.6 96,008 3.3 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 61,836 1.8 66,732 2.3 Investor commercial real estate 93,121 2.7 28,019 1.0 Construction 181,966 5.2 136,619 4.7 Single tenant lease financing 939,240 26.8 865,854 30.0 Public finance 621,032 17.7 592,665 20.5 Healthcare finance 272,461 7.8 387,852 13.4 Small business lending 123,750 3.5 108,666 3.8 Franchise finance 299,835 8.6 81,448 2.8 Total commercial loans 2,719,349 77.7 2,363,863 81.8 Consumer loans Residential mortgage 383,948 11.0 186,770 6.5 Home equity 24,712 0.7 17,665 0.6 Other consumer 324,598 9.3 265,478 9.2 Total consumer loans 733,258 21.0 469,913 16.3 Total commercial and consumer loans 3,452,607 98.7 2,833,776 98.1 Net deferred loan origination costs, premiums and discounts on purchased loans and other 1 
 46,794 1.3 53,886 1.9 Total loans 3,499,401 100.0 2,887,662 100.0 Allowance for loan losses (31,737) (27,841) Net loans 3,467,664 2,859,821 
 1 Includes carrying value adjustments of 32.5 million and 37.5 million related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with public finance loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total loans were 3.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 611.7 million, or 21.2 , compared to December 31, 2021. Total commercial loan balances were 2.7 billion, as of December 31, 2022, up 355.5 million, or 15.0 , from December 31, 2021. Total consumer loan balances were 733.3 million as of December 30, 2022, an increase of 263.3 million, or 56.0 , compared to December 31, 2021. The increase in commercial loan balances was driven primarily by growth in franchise finance, single tenant lease financing, investor commercial real estate, construction, commercial and industrial, public finance and small business lending balances. These increases were partially offset by net payoffs in healthcare finance and owner-occupied commercial real estate loans. The increase in consumer loan balances was due primarily to higher balances in the residential mortgage, recreational vehicles and trailers loan portfolios. 
 
 30 

Loan Maturities and Rate Sensitivity 
 
 The following table shows the contractual maturity distribution intervals (without regard to repayment schedules) of the outstanding loans in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 (amounts in thousands) Within 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-15 Years Beyond 15 Years Total Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 30,741 68,563 26,795 9 126,108 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 1,836 26,249 33,751 61,836 Investor commercial real estate 13,571 76,774 2,776 93,121 Construction 63,699 118,069 198 181,966 Single tenant lease financing 16,708 400,089 522,443 939,240 Public finance 49,056 118,646 453,330 621,032 Healthcare finance 5 27,234 245,222 272,461 Small business lending 798 5,274 78,386 39,292 123,750 Franchise finance 2,910 47,703 249,222 299,835 Total commercial loans 179,324 888,601 1,612,123 39,301 2,719,349 Consumer loans Residential mortgage 306 1,279 30,352 352,011 383,948 Home equity 1,759 356 5,695 16,902 24,712 Other consumer 1,250 30,835 292,513 324,598 Total consumer loans 3,315 32,470 328,560 368,913 733,258 Total commercial and consumer loans 182,639 921,071 1,940,683 408,214 3,452,607 
 
 The following table shows the rate sensitivity of the outstanding loans in our portfolio by the contractual maturity distribution intervals as of December 31, 2022. 
 (amounts in thousands) Within 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-15 Years Beyond 15 Years Total Fixed rate 73,869 681,066 1,820,429 304,928 2,880,292 Variable rate 108,770 240,005 120,254 103,286 572,315 Total commercial and consumer loans 182,639 921,071 1,940,683 408,214 3,452,607 
 
 Loan Approval Procedures and Authority 
 
 Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory policies with loan approval limits approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank. Loan officers have underwriting and approval authorization of varying amounts based on their lending experience and product type. Additionally, based on the amount of the loan, multiple approvals may be required. Based on the Bank s legal lending limit, the maximum it could lend to any one borrower at December 31, 2022 was 74.7 million. 
 
 Our goal is to have a well-diversified and balanced loan portfolio. In order to manage our loan portfolio risk, we establish concentration limits by borrower, product type, industry and geography. To supplement our internal loan review resources, we have engaged independent third-party loan review groups, which are a key component of our overall risk management process related to credit administration. 
 
 31 

Asset Quality December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans Commercial loans: Commercial and industrial 51 674 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 1,570 3,419 Single tenant lease financing 1,100 Small business lending 4,764 959 Total commercial loans 6,385 6,152 Consumer loans: Residential mortgage 1,048 1,226 Home equity 14 Other consumer 17 9 Total consumer loans 1,065 1,249 Total nonaccrual loans 7,450 7,401 Past Due 90 days and accruing loans Consumer loans: Residential mortgage 79 Total consumer loans 79 Total past due 90 days and accruing loans 79 Total nonperforming loans 7,529 7,401 Other real estate owned Single tenant lease financing 1,188 Total other real estate owned 1,188 Other nonperforming assets 42 29 Total nonperforming assets 7,571 8,618 Total nonperforming loans to total loans 0.22 0.26 Total nonperforming assets to total assets 0.17 0.20 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 0.91 0.96 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.22 0.26 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 426.0 376.2 
 
 A loan is designated as impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance when, based on current information or events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due (principal and interest) according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Payments with delays generally not exceeding 90 days outstanding are not considered impaired. Certain nonaccrual and substantially all delinquent loans more than 90 days past due may be considered to be impaired. Generally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90 days past due and accrued interest is reversed against earnings, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. The accrual of interest on impaired and nonaccrual loans is discontinued when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payments as they become due. 
 
 Impaired loans include nonperforming loans and also include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings TDRs where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance, or other actions intended to maximize collection. 
 
 Nonperforming loans are comprised of total nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days past due and accruing. Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans, other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets, which consist of 
 32 

repossessed assets. Nonperforming assets can also include investments that were classified as other-than-temporarily impaired; however, we did not own any investments classified as such during the two-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The increase in nonperforming loans of 0.1 million, or 1.7 , to 7.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 7.4 million as of December 31, 2021 was due primarily to SBA loans placed on nonaccrual, partially offset by upgrades and payoffs in owner-occupied commercial real estate and single tenant lease financing during 2022. Total nonperforming assets declined by 1.0 million, or 12.2 , as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, due primarily to the upgrades and payoffs discussed above, as well as the decline in other real estate owned OREO discussed below. 
 
 The ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans decreased to 0.22 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 0.26 as of December 31, 2021 and the ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets decreased to 0.17 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 0.20 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings December 31, (amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Troubled debt restructurings nonaccrual 2,864 2,492 Troubled debt restructurings performing 2,658 1,693 Total troubled debt restructurings 5,522 4,185 
 
 Total TDRs as of December 31, 2022 were 5.5 million, up 1.3 million from December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by two portfolio residential mortgage loans and one small business lending loan classified as new TDRs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 with pre-modification and post-modification balances totaling 1.6 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not own any OREO. As of December 31, 2021, we had one commercial property in OREO with a carrying value of 1.2 million. During 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the guarantor, which resulted in the Company recovering 1.2 million in excess of the carrying value of OREO. 
 
 Non-TDR Loan Modifications due to COVID-19 
 
 The Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus was issued by our banking regulators on March 22, 2020. This guidance encourages financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who are or may be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations due to the effects of COVID-19. 
 
 Additionally, Section 4013 of the CARES Act further provided that loan modifications due to the impact of COVID-19 that would otherwise be classified as TDRs under GAAP will not be so classified. Modifications within the scope of this relief were in effect from the period beginning March 1, 2020 until January 1, 2022. 
 
 In accordance with this guidance, we offered modifications to borrowers who were both impacted by COVID-19 and current on all principal and interest payments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no loans as non-TDR loan modifications due to COVID-19. 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program 
 
 Section 1102 of the CARES Act created the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which is jointly administered by the SBA and the Department of the Treasury. The PPP is designed to provide a direct incentive to small businesses to retain employees on their payroll during COVID-19 as well as to help cover certain utility costs and rent payments. These loans may be forgiven if certain conditions are satisfied and are fully guaranteed by the SBA. In 2020, as a preferred SBA lender, we assisted our clients in participating in the PPP to help them maintain their workforce in an uncertain and challenging environment. The loans originated in 2020 bear an interest rate of 1.00 , and we received gross origination fees of approximately 2.3 million. The Company received this fee revenue from the SBA in late June 2020, and it was deferred over the life of the PPP loans and recognized as interest income. The Company began processing applications for forgiveness from this round beginning in December 2020 and 100 of loan balances had been forgiven as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 On December 27, 2020, 285 billion in additional funding was allocated to the PPP through the passage of the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act. The Company began offering PPP loans again in 2021 and continued until the program s funds were depleted. These loans may be forgiven if certain conditions are satisfied and 
 33 

are fully guaranteed by the SBA. The loans originated during 2021 bear an interest rate of 1.00 and the Company received gross origination fees of approximately 1.3 million. The Company received this fee revenue from the SBA during 2021, and it was deferred over the life of the PPP loans and recognized as interest income. The Company began processing applications for forgiveness from this round beginning in May 2021 and 100 of loan balances had been forgiven as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table provides a rollforward of the activity of PPP loans through December 31, 2022. 

(dollars in thousands) 
 Number of Loans Principal Balance Net Deferred Fees Originated 447 58,336 1,851 Principal repaid (71) (7,184) Net deferred fees recognized (1,253) Balance, December 31, 2020 376 51,152 598 Originated 281 27,377 1,125 Principal repaid (634) (75,377) Net deferred fees recognized (1,624) Balance, December 31, 2021 23 3,152 99 Originated Principal repaid (23) (3,152) Net deferred fees recognized (99) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 34 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The following table provides a rollforward of the allowance for loan losses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 December 31, (amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Balance, beginning of period 27,841 29,484 Provision charged to expense 4,977 1,030 Losses charged off Commercial and industrial (28) Single tenant lease financing (2,391) Small business lending (402) (222) Residential mortgage (6) Home equity (51) Other consumer (2,358) (529) Total losses charged off (2,760) (3,227) Recoveries Commercial and industrial 5 89 Single tenant lease financing 1,231 Small business lending 29 80 Residential mortgage 4 63 Home equity 139 7 Other consumer 271 315 Total recoveries 1,679 554 Balance, end of period 31,737 27,841 Net charge-offs 1,081 2,673 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (annualized) Commercial and industrial (0.01) (0.08) Single tenant lease financing (0.14) 0.26 Small business lending 0.32 0.11 Total commercial net charge-offs (recoveries) (0.03) 0.10 Residential mortgage (0.03) Home equity (0.68) 0.24 Other consumer 0.43 0.29 Total consumer net charge-offs (recoveries) 0.32 0.04 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.03 0.09 
 
 The determination of the allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan losses are components of our significant accounting policies as discussed within Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and the provision are based on the review and evaluation of the loan portfolio and reflect management s assessment of the risks and potential losses within the portfolio. This evaluation considers historical loss experience as well as qualitative factors such as economic and business conditions, portfolio growth, concentrations of credit in the portfolio, trends in risk grades, delinquencies within the portfolio and changes in our lending policies and practices. 
 
 Management actively monitors asset quality and, when appropriate, charges off loans against the allowance for loan losses. Although management believes it uses the best information available to make determinations with respect to the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from those in the assumptions used to determine the size of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses was 31.7 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 27.8 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for loan losses compared to December 31, 2021 was due primarily to the growth in the overall loan portfolio, partially offset by a reduction in specific reserves. The decrease in the specific reserves was due to positive developments on certain monitored loans. 
 35 

The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans, including and excluding PPP loans, was 0.91 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 0.96 and 0.97 , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans increased to 421.5 as of December 31, 2022, up from to 376.2 as of December 31, 2021. The provision for loans losses was 5.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the provision for loan losses was due primarily to the increase in loan balances during the year. During 2022, we recorded net charge-offs of 1.1 million, compared to 2.7 million during 2021. The decrease in net charge-offs was due primarily to charge-offs that occurred during 2021 related to single tenant lease financing loans and a commercial and industrial relationship. 

Investment Securities Portfolio 
 
 In managing our investment securities portfolio, management focuses on providing an adequate level of liquidity and managing long-term interest rate risk, while earning an adequate level of investment income without taking undue risk. Investment securities that are acquired and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term with the objective of generating economic profits on short-term differences in market characteristics are classified as trading securities. We did not classify any securities as trading securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Securities that we intend to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities, and all other investment securities are classified as available-for-sale. The carrying values of available-for-sale investment securities are adjusted for unrealized gains or losses as a valuation allowance and any gain or loss is reported on an after-tax basis as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 We periodically evaluate each security in an unrealized loss position to determine if the impairment is temporary or other-than-temporary. As of December 31, 2022, the unrealized losses in our investment securities portfolio were due primarily to interest rate changes. We have the ability and intent to hold all investment securities in an unrealized loss position resulting from interest rate changes to the earlier of the forecasted recovery or the maturity of the underlying investment security. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any investment securities of a single issuer that exceeded 10 of shareholders equity. The term issuer excludes the U.S. Government and its sponsored agencies and corporations. 
 
 36 

The following tables present the amortized cost and approximate fair value of our investment securities portfolio by security type as of the end of the last two years. 
 (amounts in thousands) December 31, Amortized Cost 2022 2021 Securities available-for-sale U.S. Government-sponsored agencies 35,606 50,013 Municipal securities 68,958 75,158 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 252,066 377,928 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 17,142 36,024 Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential 11,777 15,902 Asset-backed securities 5,000 5,000 Corporate securities 45,634 46,482 Total securities available-for-sale 436,183 606,507 Securities held-to-maturity Municipal securities 13,946 13,992 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 121,853 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 5,818 Corporate securities 47,551 45,573 Total securities held-to-maturity 189,168 59,565 Total securities 625,351 666,072 
 
 December 31, Approximate Fair Value 2022 2021 Securities available-for-sale U.S. Government-sponsored agencies 33,809 49,040 Municipal securities 67,276 77,033 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 215,092 373,236 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 15,840 36,326 Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential 10,455 16,021 Asset-backed securities 4,960 5,004 Corporate securities 42,952 46,384 Total securities available-for-sale 390,384 603,044 Securities held-to-maturity Municipal securities 12,832 14,709 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 106,741 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 4,552 Corporate securities 44,358 46,759 Total securities held-to-maturity 168,483 61,468 Total securities 558,867 664,512 

The approximate fair value of investment securities available-for-sale decreased 212.7 million, or 35.3 , to 390.4 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 603.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease of 158.1 million in agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, 20.5 million in agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial, 15.2 million in U.S. Government-sponsored agencies securities, 9.8 million in municipal securities, and 5.6 million in private label mortgage-backed securities - residential. The decrease in agency mortgage-backed securities - residential and agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial was due primarily to the transfer of 96.2 million of these securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity in the first quarter 2022, a decline in fair value resulting from the continued rise in interest rates, as well as net paydown activity. The decreases in other securities types were also driven by a decline in value resulting from the continued rise in interest rates, as well as net paydown activity. 
 37 

Investment Maturities 
 
 The following table summarizes the contractual maturity schedule of our investment securities at their amortized cost and their weighted average yields at December 31, 2022. 1 year or less More than 1 year to 5 years More than 5 years to 10 years More than 10 years Total (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Wtd. Avg. Yield Amortized Cost Wtd. Avg. Yield Amortized Cost Wtd. Avg. Yield Amortized Cost Wtd. Avg. Yield Amortized Cost Wtd. Avg. Yield Securities: U.S. Government-sponsored agencies 
 0.00 1,386 2.63 20,543 2.98 13,677 2.39 35,606 2.74 Municipal securities 0.00 9,522 2.90 13,290 2.78 60,092 2.68 82,904 2.72 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 0.00 0.00 5,273 2.70 368,646 1.82 373,919 1.83 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 0.00 4,950 2.24 705 4.49 17,305 2.23 22,960 1.46 Private-label mortgage-backed securities - residential 0.00 0.00 0.00 11,777 3.14 11,777 3.14 Asset-backed securities 
 0.00 0.00 5,000 6.21 0.00 5,000 6.21 Corporate securities 0.00 35,066 5.39 58,119 4.51 0.00 93,185 4.84 Total securities 0.00 50,924 4.54 102,930 3.97 471,497 1.99 625,351 2.49 

Accrued Income and Other Assets 
 
 Accrued income and other assets decreased 2.0 million, or 4.2 , to 44.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 46.9 million at December 31, 2021. 

Deposits 
 
 The following table presents the composition of our deposit base as of the end of the last two years. December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Noninterest-bearing deposits 175,315 5.1 117,531 3.7 Interest-bearing demand deposits 335,611 9.8 247,967 7.8 Savings accounts 44,819 1.3 59,998 1.9 Money market accounts 1,418,599 41.2 1,483,936 46.7 BaaS - brokered deposits 13,607 0.4 Certificates of deposits 874,490 25.4 970,107 30.5 Brokered deposits 578,804 16.8 299,420 9.4 Total 3,441,245 100.0 3,178,959 100.0 
 
 Total deposits increased 262.3 million, or 8.3 , to 3.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3.2 billion as of December 31, 2021. This increase was due primarily to increases of 279.4 million, or 93.3 , in brokered deposits, 87.6 million, or 35.3 , in interest-bearing demand deposits, 57.8 million, or 49.2 , in noninterest-bearing deposits and 13.6 million in BaaS - brokered deposits partially offset by a decline of 95.6 million, or 9.9 in certificates of deposits, 65.3 million, or 4.4 , in money market accounts, and 15.2 million, or 25.3 , in savings accounts. The increase in brokered deposits was due to accessing certain deposit channels during the third and fourth quarters 2022 to support balance sheet liquidity and manage interest rate risk. The increase in the balance of interest-bearing demand deposits was due primarily to a new customer relationship with approximately 100.0 million in deposits with a contractual term of five years and a fixed rate of 1.15 . The increase in the balance of noninterest-bearing demand deposits was driven primarily by deposits associated with our commercial real estate construction and development lending, as well as an increase in non-brokered BaaS deposits. BaaS - brokered deposits increased due to certain fintech relationships being on-boarded during the fourth quarter 2022, which resulted in deposit inflows of 13.6 million at year end 2022. The decrease in the balance of certificates of deposits was due to the maturity of higher-cost balances and reduced pricing strategies designed to limit the volume of new production. The decrease in money market accounts was due primarily to certain customer activity that can be periodically volatile. 
 38 

The following tables present contractual interest rates paid on time deposits, their scheduled maturities, and the scheduled maturities for time deposits greater than 250,000. 
 
 Time Deposit Maturities at December 31, 2022 
 Period to Maturity Percentage of Total Certificate Accounts (dollars in thousands) Less than 1 year > 1 year to 2 years > 2 years to 3 years More than 3 years Total Interest Rate: 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 
 Although deposits are the primary source of funds for our lending and investment activities and for general business purposes, we may use short-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the FHLB to manage liquidity needs and longer-term advances to supplement deposit growth and manage interest rate risk. The following table is a summary of FHLB borrowings for the periods indicated. 
 At or For The Twelve Months Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance outstanding at end of period 614,928 514,922 514,916 Average amount outstanding during period 534,144 514,617 514,913 Maximum outstanding at any month end during period 615,928 514,922 514,916 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 1 
 2.82 1.65 1.30 Weighted average interest rate during period 1 
 2.15 1.68 1.78 
 1 Excludes the impact of interest rate swaps. Refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments. 

Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities were 14.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 30.5 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities was due primarily to a 14.3 million decrease in derivative liabilities due to changes in fair value. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity management is the process used by the Company to manage the continuing flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost while also maintaining safe and sound operations. 
 39 

Liquidity, represented by cash and investment securities, is a product of the Company s operating, investing and financing activities. The primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities, access to wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings. While scheduled payments and maturities of loans and investment securities are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows are greatly influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions and competition. Therefore, the Company supplements deposit growth and enhances interest rate risk management through borrowings and wholesale funding, which are generally advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank and brokered deposits. 
 
 The Company holds cash and investment securities that qualify as liquid assets to maintain adequate liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations and meet its financial commitments. At December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, the Company had 0.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale, and 21.5 million in loans held-for-sale that were generally available for our cash needs. The Company can also generate funds from wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had the ability to borrow an additional 473.9 million from the FHLB, the Federal Reserve and correspondent bank Fed Funds lines of credit. 
 
 The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its common shareholders and interest and principal on outstanding debt. The Company s primary sources of funds are cash maintained at the holding company level and dividends from the Bank, the payment of which is subject to regulatory limits. At December 31, 2022, the Company, on an unconsolidated basis, had 22.3 million in cash generally available for its cash needs, which is in excess of its current annual regular shareholder dividend and operating expenses. 
 
 The Company uses its sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing financial commitments, including withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, operating expenses and capital expenditures. At December 31, 2022, approved outstanding loan commitments, including unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit, amounted to 485.4 million. Certificates of deposits and brokered certificates of deposits scheduled to mature in one year or less at December 31, 2022 totaled 639.0 million. 
 
 Management is not aware of any other events or regulatory requirements that, if implemented, are likely to have a material effect on either the Company s or the Bank s liquidity. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

Payments Due In (dollars in thousands) Note Reference Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total Premises and equipment 5 4,200 4,200 Deposits and brokered deposits without stated maturity 1 
 8 2,311,482 2,311,482 Certificates of deposits and brokered deposits 1,2 
 8 639,002 321,754 169,007 1,129,763 FHLB advances 1,2 
 9 145,000 235,009 110,000 124,919 614,928 Subordinated debt 1 
 10 107,000 107,000 Total contractual obligations 3,099,684 556,763 279,007 231,919 4,167,373 
 1 Amounts do not include associated interest payments. 
 2 Amounts do not include the effect of interest rate swaps used to convert short-term advances into long-term funding. 

In October 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 30.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. In October 2022, the Company s Board of Directors increased the authorization to 35.0 million. Under this program, The Company repurchased a total of 855,956 shares at an average price of 36.31 per share under the program through December 19, 2022. 
 
 40 

On December 19, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 25.0 million of our outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase authorization replaced the Company s previously announced stock repurchase program and is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023. Various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, organic growth and other strategic opportunities, economic and market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations. See Part II, Item 5, of this report for information regarding recent repurchase activity and our remaining authority under the program. 
 
 41 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures, specifically tangible common equity, tangible assets, tangible book value per common share, tangible common equity to tangible assets, average tangible common equity, return on average tangible common equity, total interest income - FTE, net interest income - FTE and net interest margin - FTE are used by the Company's management to measure the strength of its capital and analyze profitability, including its ability to generate earnings on tangible capital invested by its shareholders. The Company also believes that it is standard practice in the banking industry to present total interest income, net interest income and net interest margin on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, as those measures provide useful information for peer comparisons. Although the Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide a greater understanding of its business, they should not be considered a substitute for financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that may be presented by other companies. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the following table for the last three completed fiscal years ended on December 31. 
 
 42 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) At or For The Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total equity - GAAP 364,974 380,338 330,944 Adjustments: Goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Tangible common equity 360,287 375,651 326,257 Total assets - GAAP 4,543,104 4,210,994 4,246,156 Adjustments: Goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Tangible assets 4,538,417 4,206,307 4,241,469 Total common shares outstanding 9,065,883 9,754,455 9,800,569 Book value per common share 40.26 38.99 33.77 Effect of goodwill (0.52) (0.48) (0.48) Tangible book value per common share 39.74 38.51 33.29 Total shareholders equity to assets 8.03 9.03 7.79 Effect of goodwill (0.09 (0.10 (0.10 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 7.94 8.93 7.69 Total average equity - GAAP 372,844 358,105 313,763 Adjustments: Average goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Average tangible common equity 368,157 353,418 309,076 Return on average shareholders' equity 9.53 13.44 9.39 Effect of goodwill 0.12 0.17 0.14 Return on average tangible common equity 9.65 13.61 9.53 Total interest income 156,908 133,883 136,859 Adjustments: Fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 5,355 5,453 5,796 Total interest income - FTE 162,263 139,336 142,655 Net interest income 97,093 86,556 64,541 Adjustments: Fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 5,355 5,453 5,796 Net interest income - FTE 102,448 92,009 70,337 Net interest margin 2.41 2.11 1.55 Effect of fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 0.13 0.14 0.13 Net interest margin - FTE 2.54 2.25 1.68 
 
 1 Assuming a 21 tax rate 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. We believe the allowance for loan losses is the critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. An estimate of potential losses inherent in the loan portfolio is determined and an allowance for those losses is established by considering factors including historical loss rates, expected cash flows, estimated collateral values, and other qualitative factors. The allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of losses inherent in the existing loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses charged to expense and reduced by loans charged off, net of recoveries. Management evaluates the allowance for loan losses quarterly. If the underlying assumptions later prove to be inaccurate based on subsequent loss evaluations, the allowance for loan losses is adjusted. 
 43 

Management estimates the appropriate level of allowance for loan losses by separately evaluating impaired and non-impaired loans. A specific allowance is assigned to an impaired loan when expected cash flows or collateral do not justify the carrying amount of the loan. The methodology used to assign an allowance to a non-impaired loan is more subjective. Generally, the allowance assigned to non-impaired loans is determined by applying historical loss rates to existing loans with similar risk characteristics, adjusted for qualitative factors including changes in economic and business conditions, unemployment rates, concentrations of credit, changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio, terms of loans, risk grades, trends in charge-offs and recoveries, trends in delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, and impaired loans, and changes in lending policies and procedures. Because the economic and business climate in any given industry or market, and its impact on any given borrower, can change rapidly, the risk profile of the loan portfolio is periodically assessed and adjusted when appropriate. Notwithstanding these procedures, there still exists the possibility that the assessment could prove to be significantly incorrect and that an immediate adjustment to the allowance for loan losses would be required. 
 
 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities. We classify investments in debt and equity securities as available-for-sale in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 320, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities. Securities classified as held-to-maturity would be recorded at cost or amortized cost. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value. Fair value calculations are based on quoted market prices when such prices are available. If quoted market prices are not available, estimates of fair value are computed using a variety of pricing sources, including Reuters/EJV, Interactive Data and Standard Poors. Due to the subjective nature of the valuation process, it is possible that the actual fair values of these investments could differ from the estimated amounts, thereby affecting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If the estimated value of investments is less than the cost or amortized cost, management evaluates whether an event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. If such an event or change has occurred and management determines that the impairment is other-than-temporary, a further determination is made as to the portion of impairment that is related to credit loss. The impairment of the investment that is related to the credit loss is expensed in the period in which the event or change occurred. The remainder of the impairment is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Other Real Estate Owned. OREO acquired through loan foreclosure is initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. The adjustment at the time of foreclosure is recorded through the allowance for loan losses. Due to the subjective nature of establishing the fair value when the asset is acquired, the actual fair value of the OREO or foreclosed asset could differ from the original estimate. If it is determined that fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation adjustment is recorded through noninterest expense. Net operating costs associated with the assets after acquisition are also recorded as noninterest expense. Gains and losses on the disposition of OREO and foreclosed assets are netted and posted through noninterest income. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill. As a result of a previous acquisition by the Company, goodwill, an intangible asset with an indefinite life, is reflected on the balance sheet. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually, unless there are factors present that indicate a potential impairment, in which case, the goodwill impairment test is performed more frequently. 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets/Liabilities. Our net deferred income tax asset arises from differences in the dates that items of income and expense enter into our reported income and taxable income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for these items as they arise. From an accounting standpoint, deferred tax assets are reviewed to determine if they are realizable based on the historical level of taxable income, estimates of future taxable income and the reversals of deferred tax liabilities. In most cases, the realization of the deferred tax asset is based on future profitability. If we were to experience net operating losses for tax purposes in a future period, the realization of deferred tax assets would be evaluated for a potential valuation reserve. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 22 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into financial transactions to extend credit, engage in interest rate swaps or other forms of commitments that may be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. Interest rate swaps were arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and were classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. Fair value hedges were purchased to convert certain fixed rate assets to floating rate. Cash flow hedges were used to convert certain variable rate liabilities into fixed rate liabilities. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of 260.0 million. Additionally, we may enter into forward contracts relating to our mortgage banking business to 
 44 

hedge the exposures we have from commitments to extend new residential mortgage loans to our customers and from our mortgage loans held-for-sale. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had commitments to sell residential real estate loans of 17.0 million and 72.8 million, respectively. These contracts mature in less than one year. Refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments. 
 
 45 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The primary source of market risk for the Company is interest rate risk, which can be defined as the risk to earnings and the value of our equity resulting from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises in the normal course of business to the extent that there are timing and volume differences between the amount of interest-earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that are prepaid, withdrawn, re-priced or mature in specified periods. We seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and equity while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. 
 
 We monitor the Company s interest rate risk position using income simulation models and economic value of equity EVE sensitivity analysis that capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposure. Income simulation involves forecasting net interest income NII under a variety of interest rate scenarios. We use EVE sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in interest rates on long-term cash flows, income and capital. EVE is calculated by discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest-rate scenarios. Modeling the sensitivity of NII and EVE to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on the assumptions incorporated into the modeling process, especially those pertaining to non-maturity deposit accounts. These assumptions are reviewed and refined on an ongoing basis by the Company. We continually model our NII and EVE positions with various interest rate scenarios and assumptions of future balance sheet composition. We utilize implied forward rates as its base case scenario which reflects market expectations for rate increases over the next 24 months. Presented below is the estimated impact on our NII and EVE position as of December 31, 2022, assuming a static balance sheet and instantaneous parallel shifts in interest rates: 
 
 Change from Base Case for Instantaneous Parallel Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +200 Basis Points NII - Year 1 18.29 10.37 N/A (7.90 (16.08 NII - Year 2 44.95 39.78 30.40 20.95 10.45 EVE 40.47 23.97 N/A (19.57 (36.47 
 
 To supplement the instantaneous rate shocks required by regulatory guidance, we also calculate our interest rate risk position assuming a gradual change in market interest rates. This gradual change is commonly referred to as a rate ramp and evenly allocates a change in interest rates over a specified time period. 
 
 Presented below is the estimated impact on our NII and EVE position as of December 31, 2022, assuming a static balance sheet and gradual parallel shifts in interest rates over a twelve-month period: 
 
 Change from Base Case for Gradual Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +200 Basis Points NII - Year 1 8.01 4.26 N/A (4.23 (8.17 NII - Year 2 46.36 39.94 30.40 19.26 7.61 EVE 31.45 19.64 N/A (18.22 (33.52 
 46 

In the Company s supplementary model, it incorporates deposit betas ranging from 11 to 98 in up-rate scenarios related to its savings and money market non-maturity deposit products, which approximates actual deposit pricing experience in 2022. Presented below are the estimated impacts on the Company s NII and EVE position as of December 31, 2022, assuming a static balance sheet and instantaneous and gradual parallel shifts in interest rates: 
 
 Change from Base Case for Instantaneous Parallel Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +200 Basis Points NII - Year 1 18.12 10.25 N/A (7.00 (14.29 NII - Year 2 44.68 39.63 30.31 21.74 12.21 EVE 33.44 21.29 N/A (17.53 (32.66 
 
 Change from Base Case for Gradual Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +200 Basis Points NII - Year 1 7.66 4.06 N/A (3.87 (7.40 NII - Year 2 45.86 39.60 30.31 19.78 8.96 EVE 30.46 19.15 N/A (17.60 (32.25 
 
 The NII and EVE figures presented in both tables above are reflective of a static balance sheet, and do not incorporate either balance sheet growth or strategies to increase net interest income while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. As such, it is likely that actual results will differ from what is presented in the tables above. Balance sheet strategies to achieve such objective may include: 
 Increasing the proportion of low-duration or variable-rate loans to total loans, including organic growth in SBA, 
 construction or C I lending 
 Selling longer-term fixed rate loans 
 Increasing the proportion of lower cost non-maturity deposits to total deposits 
 Extending the duration of wholesale funding 
 Executing derivative strategies to synthetically extend liability or shorten asset duration 
 Repositioning the investment portfolio to manage its duration 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto required pursuant to this Item begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information the Company is required to disclose in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in SEC rules and forms. These controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal 
 47 

financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, the Company has recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. 
 
 The Company performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to assess the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Report of Management's Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, including accounting and other internal control systems that, in the opinion of management, provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are properly authorized, (2) the assets are properly safeguarded, and (3) transactions are properly recorded and reported to permit the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by FORVIS, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing on page F-2. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 48 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement ), which we intend to file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Except for those portions specifically incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement, no other portions of the Proxy Statement are deemed to be filed as part of this report. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Our executive officers are as follows: 
 
 Name Age Position David B. Becker 69 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Nicole S. Lorch 48 President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary Kenneth J. Lovik 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David B. Becker has served as our Chairman of the Board since 2006, as our Chief Executive Officer since 2007, and as our President from 2007 to June 2021. Mr. Becker is the founder of the Bank and has served as an officer and director of the Bank since 1998. 
 
 Nicole S. Lorch has served as Secretary since June of 2022 and as President and Chief Operating Officer since June 2021. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2017. Ms. Lorch joined the Company as Director of Marketing in 1999 and served as Vice President, Marketing Technology from 2003 to 2011 and Senior Vice President, Retail Banking from 2011 to January 2017. She previously served as Director of Marketing at Virtual Financial Services, an online banking services provider, from 1996 to 1999. 
 
 Kenneth J. Lovik has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January 2017. Mr. Lovik joined the Company in August 2014 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, at First Financial Bancorp, a publicly traded bank holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, from February 2013 to May 2014. Prior to that, he served as its Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, from 2010 to February 2013. Before First Financial Bancorp, he was an investment banker at Milestone Advisors LLC, Howe Barnes Hoefer Arnett, Inc. and A.G. Edwards Sons, Inc. 
 
 Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors and serve a one-year period or until their successors are elected. None of the above-identified executive officers are related to each other or to any of our directors. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our directors and officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. This code is publicly available through the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.firstinternetbancorp.com. To the extent permissible under applicable law, the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq listing standards, we intend to post on our website any amendment to the code of business conduct and ethics, or any grant of a waiver from a provision of the code of business conduct and ethics, that requires disclosure under applicable law, the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq listing standards. 
 
 The disclosures in the Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Shareholder Proposals for 2024 Annual Meeting, and, if applicable Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports are incorporated into this Item by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Incorporated into this Item by reference is the information in the Proxy Statement regarding the compensation of our named executive officers appearing under the heading Executive Compensation (excluding information under the caption Pay versus Performance ), the information regarding compensation committee interlocks and insider participation under the 
 49 

heading Corporate Governance and the information regarding compensation of non-employee directors under the heading Director Compensation. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Incorporated into this Item by reference is the information in the Proxy Statement appearing under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Incorporated into this Item by reference is the information in the Proxy Statement regarding director independence and related person transactions under the heading Corporate Governance. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Incorporated into this Item by reference is the information in the Proxy Statement under the heading Audit Matters. The independent registered public accounting firm is FORVIS, LLP (Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Firm ID No. located in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 
 50 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. See our financial statements beginning on page F-1. 
 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of First Internet Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2020) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Internet Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2020) 
 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 4.2 
 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, between First Internet Bancorp and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016) 
 4.3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 26, 2020, between First Internet Bancorp and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including form of 6.0 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2020) 
 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, between First Internet Bancorp and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2021) 
 4.5 
 Form of Global Note representing 6.0 Subordinated Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A included in Exhibit 4.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016) 
 4.6 
 Form of 3.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due September 1, 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 included in Exhibit 4.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2021) 
 10.1 
 First Internet Bancorp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed April 9, 2013) 
 10.2 
 First Internet Bancorp 2011 Directors Deferred Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to registration statement on Form 10 filed November 30, 2012) 
 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among First Internet Bank of Indiana, First Internet Bancorp and David B. Becker dated March 28, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 

51 

Exhibit No. Description 10.4 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement among First Internet Bank of Indiana, First Internet Bancorp and David B. Becker dated April 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed April 25, 2022) 
 10.5 
 Employment Agreement among First Internet Bank of Indiana, First Internet Bancorp and Nicole S. Lorch dated April 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed April 25, 2022) 
 10.6 
 Employment Agreement among First Internet Bank of Indiana, First Internet Bancorp and Kenneth J. Lovik dated April 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to current report on Form 8-K filed April 25, 2022) 
 10.7 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.8 
 First Internet Bancorp Annual Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017) 
 10.9 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2020, between First Internet Bancorp and the purchaser thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2020) 
 10.10 
 Form of Management Incentive Award Agreement - Restricted Stock Units under 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.11 
 Form of Management Incentive Award Agreement - Restricted Stock units (performance based) under 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021) 
 10.12 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 16,2021, by and among First Internet Bancorp and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2021) 
 10.13 
 First Internet Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed May 17, 2022) 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 101 Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Internet Bancorp for the period ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2023, formatted in inline extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 __________________________________ 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 14, 2023. 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP By: /s/ David B. Becker David B. Becker, 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 14, 2023. 
 /s/ David B. Becker /s/ Kenneth J. Lovik David B. Becker, 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Kenneth J. Lovik, 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Aasif M. Bade, Director 
 David R. Lovejoy, Director 
 Justin P. Christian, Director 
 Jean L. Wojtowicz, Director 
 Ann Colussi Dee, Director 
 John K. Keach, Jr., Director 

David B. Becker, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document on behalf of each of the above-named directors of the Registrant pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons. By: /s/ David B. Becker David B. Becker, 
 Attorney-in-Fact 

53 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 First Internet Bancorp 
 Fishers, Indiana 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Internet Bancorp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows9F for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowances for Loan Losses 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company s consolidated allowance for loan losses (ALLL) was 31.74 million at December 31, 2022. The Company also describes in Note 1 of the financial statements the Allowance for Loan Losses Methodology accounting policy around this estimate. The ALLL is an estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the reserve requires significant judgment reflecting the Company s best estimate of probable loan losses. 
 F-1 

The ALLL is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to income. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management determines that an outstanding loan will not be collected. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 
 
 The ALLL is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based on management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experiences, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to revision as more information becomes available. 
 
 The ALLL consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired and an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The historical charge-off experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on an analysis of historical loss activity over a time period that represents the economic life cycle of the loan segment. Other adjustments for each segment, such as qualitative or environmental considerations may be added to the allowance for each loan segment after an assessment of internal or external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the historical loss or risk rating data. 
 
 The primary reason for our determination that the ALLL is a critical audit matter is that it involved significant judgment and complex review. There is a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimate, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with impaired loans and assessing the appropriateness of loan grades. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimated allowance for loan losses included: 
 a. Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls, including those related to technology, over the ALLL. 
 b. Testing clerical and computational accuracy of the Company s ALLL calculation. 
 c. Testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data utilized in the ALLL, including reports used in management review controls over the ALLL. 
 d. Evaluating the qualitative and environmental adjustments to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness and directional consistency of those adjustments, including the reliability and relevance of the significant assumptions and underlying data. 
 e. Evaluating the appropriateness of loan grades and assessing the reasonableness of specific impairments on loans. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 

March 14, 2023 
 F-2 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 First Internet Bancorp 
 Fishers, Indiana 

Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited First Internet Bancorp s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

F-3 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 14, 2023 
 F-4 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands except share data) December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing demand deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale - at fair value (amortized cost of 436,183 in 2022 and 606,507 in 2021) Securities held-to-maturity - at amortized cost (fair value of 168,483 in 2022 and 61,468 in 2021) Loans held-for-sale (includes 9,110 in 2022 and 23,233 in 2021 at fair value) Loans 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Servicing asset, at fair value Other real estate owned Accrued income and other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt, net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of 2,468 in 2022 and 2,769 in 2021 Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders equity Preferred stock, no par value; 4,913,779 shares authorized; issued and outstanding - none Voting common stock, no par value; 45,000,000 shares authorized; 9,065,883 and 9,754,455 shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively Nonvoting common stock, no par value; 86,221 shares authorized; issued and outstanding - none 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Loans Securities taxable Securities non-taxable Other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income Service charges and fees Loan servicing revenue Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) ) Mortgage banking activities Gain on sale of loans Gain on sale of securities Gain on sale of premises and equipment Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Marketing, advertising and promotion Consulting and professional fees Data processing Loan expenses Premises and equipment Deposit insurance premium Write-down of other real estate owned Other Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Income per share of common stock Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income Securities available-for-sale Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Securities held-to-maturity Reclassification of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Amortization of net unrealized holding losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax benefit ) Net effect on other comprehensive loss ) Cash flow hedges Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 
 Voting and Nonvoting Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared 0.24 per share) ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Common stock redeemed for the net settlement of share-based awards ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared 0.24 per share) ) ) Repurchased shares of common stock (100,000) ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Common stock redeemed for the net settlement of share-based awards ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared 0.24 per share) ) ) Repurchased shares of common stock (779,956) ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Common stock redeemed for the net settlement of share-based awards ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Write-down of other real estate owned Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Provision for loan losses Share-based compensation expense Gain from sale of available-for-sale securities ) Loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans originated for sale Gain on sale of loans ) ) ) Decrease in fair value of loans held-for-sale (Gain) loss on derivatives ) ) Settlement of derivatives ) ) Gain on sale of premises and equipment ) Net change in servicing asset ) Net deferred income tax ) Net change in other assets Net change in other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Net loan activity, excluding sales and purchases ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Net proceeds from sales of portfolio loans Maturities of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Purchase of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Maturities and calls of securities held-to-maturity Purchase of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock ) Net proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Loans purchased ) ) ) Other investing activities ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net change in deposits ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Repayment of subordinated debt ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Repayment of advances from Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flows information Cash paid during the year for interest Cash paid during the year for taxes Loans transferred to other real estate owned Loans transferred to held-for-sale from portfolio Cash dividends declared, not paid Securities purchases settled in subsequent period Transfer of available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities to held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities at fair value Transfer of available-for-sale municipal securities to held-to-maturity municipal securities 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Note 1: 
 , and consummated a plan of exchange on March 21, 2006, by which the Company became a bank holding company and owner of First Internet Bank of Indiana (the Bank ). The Company elected to and became a financial holding company, effective as of September 1, 2022. 
 
 The Bank offers a wide range of commercial, small business, consumer and municipal banking products and services. The Bank conducts its consumer and small business deposit operations primarily through digital channels on a nationwide basis and has no traditional branch offices. Consumer lending products are primarily originated on a nationwide basis through relationships with dealerships and financing partners. The Bank is subject to competition from other financial institutions. The Bank is regulated by certain state and federal agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities. 
 
 The Bank has wholly owned subsidiaries. JKH Realty Services, LLC was established on August 20, 2012 as a single member limited liability company wholly owned by the Bank to manage other real estate owned properties as needed. First Internet Public Finance Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, was incorporated on March 6, 2017 and was established to provide municipal finance lending and leasing products to government entities and to purchase, manage, service, and safekeep municipal securities. SPF15, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, was incorporated on August 31, 2018 and was established to acquire and hold real estate. 
 
 reporting unit and reportable segment, which is commercial banking. 

F-10 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-11 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-12 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-13 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

for software and equipment, for land improvements, and years for buildings. 

F-14 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

There were no transfers that occurred and, therefore, recognized, between any of the fair value hierarchy levels at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

F-15 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Weighted average common shares Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share Net income available to common shareholders Weighted average common shares Dilutive effect of equity compensation Weighted average common and incremental shares Diluted earnings per common share 1 

1 Potential dilutive common shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS in the periods where the effect would be antidilutive. Excluded from the computation of diluted EPS were weighted average antidilutive shares totaling , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-16 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Note 2: 
 million. In addition, approximately million and million of cash was held by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the FHLB of Indianapolis, respectively, which are not federally insured. 

Note 3: 
 ) Municipal securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 1 
 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) Corporate securities ) Total available-for-sale ) 
 F-17 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Corporate securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) 
 
 1 Includes million of additional premium related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with agency mortgage-backed securities - residential as of December 31, 2022. 

) Municipal securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 1 
 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate securities ) Total available-for-sale ) 
 Corporate securities Total held-to-maturity 
 
 1 Includes million of additional premium related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with agency mortgage-backed securities - residential as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-18 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities Total 
 Held-to-Maturity Amortized Cost Fair Value One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Total 
 
 There were gross realized gains or losses resulting from the sale of available-for-sale securities recognized during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were gross realized losses of million resulting from sales of available-for-sale securities recognized during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of available-for-sale investment securities pledged as collateral was million. The Company pledged the securities for various types of transactions, including FHLB advances, deposits and derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Certain investments in debt securities are reported in the consolidated financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and securities, respectively, with market values below their cost basis. The total fair value of these investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, which is approximately and , respectively, of the Company s available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities portfolio. These declines resulted primarily from fluctuations in market interest rates after purchase. Management believes the declines in fair value for these securities are temporary. 
 
 Should the impairment of any of these securities become other than temporary, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced with the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period the other-than-temporary impairment is identified. 
 
 U.S. Government-Sponsored Agencies, Municipal Securities, and Corporate Securities 
 
 The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in securities issued by U.S. Government-sponsored agencies, municipal organizations and corporate entities were caused by interest rate changes. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be 
 F-19 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) Corporate securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Corporate securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 F-20 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) ) ) Municipals ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) Corporate securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

Gain on sale of securities Total reclassified amount before tax Income before income taxes Tax expense Income tax provision Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Net Income 

Equity Investments 
 
 Equity investments, largely comprised of non-marketable equity investments, are generally accounted for under equity security accounting. The following tables provide additional information related to investments accounted for under this method. 
 
 Total 

F-21 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Carrying value adjustments Impairment Upward changes for observable prices Downward changes for observable prices Net change 
 
 1 Exclusive of million and million in unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 F-22 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 4: 
 Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending Franchise finance Total commercial loans Consumer loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total consumer loans Total commercial and consumer loans Net deferred loan origination costs, premiums and discounts on purchased loans, and other 1 
 Total loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans 
 
 1 Includes carrying value adjustment of million and million related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with public finance loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The general risk characteristics specific to each loan portfolio segment are as follows: 
 
 Commercial and Industrial: Commercial and industrial loans sources of repayment are primarily based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Loans are made for working capital, equipment purchases, or other purposes. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed and may incorporate a personal guarantee. This portfolio segment is generally concentrated in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. 
 
 Owner-Occupied Commercial Real Estate: The primary source of repayment is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the borrower, or an affiliate of the borrower, who owns the property. This portfolio segment is generally concentrated in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States and its loans are often secured by manufacturing and service facilities, as well as office buildings. 

F-23 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-24 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 F-25 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) Owner-occupied commercial real estate ) Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing ) Public finance ) Healthcare finance ) Small business lending ) Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity ) Other consumer ) Total ) 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Balance, Beginning of Period Provision (Credit) Charged to Expense Losses Charged Off Recoveries Balance, End of Period Allowance for loan losses: Commercial and industrial ) Owner-occupied commercial real estate ) Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing ) ) Public finance Healthcare finance ) Small business lending ) Franchise finance Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Other consumer ) ) Total ) 
 F-26 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) Owner-occupied commercial real estate ) Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance ) Small business lending ) Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) Other consumer ) Total ) 
 
 Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 F-27 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 

The Company utilizes a risk grading matrix to assign a risk grade to each of its commercial loans. A description of the general characteristics of the risk grades is as follows: 
 
 Pass - Higher quality loans that do not fit any of the other categories described below. 
 
 Special Mention - Loans that possess some credit deficiency or potential weakness which deserve close attention. 
 
 Substandard - Loans that possess a defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Loans characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. 
 
 Doubtful - Such loans have been placed on nonaccrual status and may be heavily dependent upon collateral possessing a value that is difficult to determine or based upon some near-term event which lacks clear certainty. These loans have all of the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard; however, based on existing conditions, these weaknesses make full collection of the principal balance highly improbable. 
 
 Loss - Loans that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuing to carry them as assets is not warranted. 
 
 F-28 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Total commercial loans 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Performing Nonaccrual Total Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 December 31, 2021 Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Total commercial loans 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Performing Nonaccrual Total Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 F-29 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise Finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Current Total loans Nonaccrual Loans Total Loans 90 Days or More Past Due and Accruing Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise Finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 F-30 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Small business lending 1 
 Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total Loans with a specific valuation allowance Commercial and industrial Single tenant lease financing Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Total Total impaired loans 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 The following table presents average balances and interest income recognized for impaired loans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Average Balance Interest Income Average Balance Interest Income Average Balance Interest Income Loans without a specific valuation allowance Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Single tenant lease financing Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total Loans with a specific valuation allowance Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Single tenant lease financing Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Other consumer Total Total impaired loans 
 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 F-31 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 million in OREO as of December 31, 2021, which consisted of commercial property. There was loan for million and loan for million in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 In the course of working with troubled borrowers, the Company may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans in an effort to work out an alternative payment schedule with the borrower in order to optimize the collectability of the loan. Any loan modification is reviewed by the Company to identify whether a TDR has occurred when the Company grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider based on economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its current financial status or the loan may be restructured to secure additional collateral and/or guarantees to support the debt, or a combination of the two. 
 
 There were portfolio residential mortgage loans classified as new TDRs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 with a pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment of million. The Company did not allocate a specific ALLL for these loans as of December 31, 2022 and the modifications consisted of interest only payments for a period of time. There was SBA loan classified as a new TDR during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 with a pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment of million and the modification consisted of a forbearance agreement. The company allocated a specific ALLL of million for this loan. There were portfolio residential mortgage loans classified as new TDRs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 with a pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment of million. The Company did not allocate a specific ALLL for these loans as of December 31, 2021. The modifications consisted of interest-only payments for a period of time. There were commercial and industrial loans classified as new TDRs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 with a pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investment of million. The Company did not allocate a specific ALLL for these loans as of December 31, 2020 and the modifications consisted of interest only payments for a period of time and an extension of the maturity dates. 
 
 There were no performing TDRs which had payment defaults within the twelve months following modification during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Non-TDR Loan Modifications due to COVID-19 
 
 The Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus was issued by our banking regulators on March 22, 2020. This guidance encouraged financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who were or may be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations due to the effects of COVID-19. 
 
 Additionally, Section 4013 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act provides that loan modifications due to the impact of COVID-19 that would otherwise be classified as TDRs under GAAP will not be so classified. Modifications within the scope of this relief were in effect from the period beginning March 1, 2020 until January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had loans classified as non-TDR loan modifications due to COVID-19. 

Note 5: 
 
 F-32 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Construction in process Right of use leased asset Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 On February 16, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its then headquarters (the Prior Headquarters and certain equipment located in the Prior Headquarters to a third party. The sale was completed on April 16, 2021, and the Company recorded a gain on sale of million. As a part of the sale agreement, the buyer agreed to lease the Prior Headquarters back to the Company through December 31, 2021. The Company vacated the Prior Headquarters at the end of the lease, on or prior to December 31, 2021. 

Note 6: 
 
 million. There have been no changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of August 31, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. The annual test indicated no impairment existed as of August 31, 2022 and no events or changes in circumstances have occurred since the August 31, 2022 annual impairment test that would suggest it was more likely than not goodwill impairment existed. 
 
 F-33 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Note 7: 
 
 Additions: Originated and purchased servicing Subtractions: Paydowns ) ) ) Changes in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model ) ) Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) ) Ending balance 

Total 

Loan servicing revenue totaled million, million, and million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Loan servicing asset revaluation, which represents paydowns and the change in fair value of the servicing asset, resulted in a million, million, and million downward valuation for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of servicing rights is highly sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions. Though fluctuations in prepayment speeds and changes in secondary market premiums generally have the most substantial impact on the fair value of servicing rights, other influencing factors include changing economic conditions, changes to the discount rate assumption and the weighted average life of the servicing portfolio. Measurement of fair value is limited to the conditions existing and the assumptions used as of a particular point in time; however, those assumptions may change over time. Refer to Note 16 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments for further details. 
 F-34 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 8: 
 Interest-bearing demand deposit accounts Savings accounts Money market accounts Banking-as-a-Service BaaS - brokered deposits Certificates of deposits Brokered deposits Total deposits Time deposits greater than 250 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Note 9: 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the stated interest rates on the Company s outstanding FHLB advances ranged from to , with a weighted average interest rate of . All advances are collateralized by residential mortgage loans and commercial real estate loans pledged and held by the Company and investment securities pledged by the Company and held in safekeeping with the FHLB. Residential mortgage loans pledged were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and commercial real estate loans pledged were approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of investment securities pledged to the FHLB was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on this collateral and the Company s holdings of FHLB stock, the Company is eligible to borrow up to an additional million at year-end 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of putable advances with the FHLB. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 F-35 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 10: 
 million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes in a public offering. The 2026 Notes initially had a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, September 30, 2021, and thereafter a floating rate equal to the then-current three-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus . All interest on the 2026 Notes was payable quarterly. The 2026 Notes were scheduled to mature on September 30, 2026. The 2026 Notes were unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company eligible to be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after September 30, 2021. The 2026 Notes were intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company redeemed the 2026 Notes in full on September 30, 2021. 
 
 In June 2019, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes in a public offering. The 2029 Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, June 30, 2024, and thereafter a floating rate equal to the then-current benchmark rate (initially three-month LIBOR rate) plus . All interest on the 2029 Notes is payable quarterly. The 2029 Notes are scheduled to mature on June 30, 2029. The 2029 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after June 30, 2024. The 2029 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company entered into a term loan in the principal amount of million, evidenced by a term note due 2030 (the 2030 Note ). The 2030 Note initially bears a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, November 1, 2025 and thereafter at a floating rate equal to the then-current benchmark rate (initially three-month Term SOFR plus ). The 2030 Note is scheduled to mature on November 1, 2030. The 2030 Note is an unsecured subordinated obligation of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after November 1, 2025. The 2030 Note is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 Note to redeem a subordinated term note that had been entered into in October 2015. 
 
 In August 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes in a private placement. The 2031 Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, September 1, 2026, and thereafter a floating rate equal to the then-current benchmark rate (initially three-month Term SOFR plus ). The 2031 Notes are scheduled to mature on September 1, 2031. The 2031 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after September 1, 2026. The 2031 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes to redeem the 2026 Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the initial purchasers of the 2031 Notes, the Company offered to exchange the 2031 Notes for subordinated notes that are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have substantially the same terms as the 2031 Notes. On December 30, 2021, we completed an exchange of million principal amount of the unregistered 2031 Notes for registered 2031 Notes in satisfaction of our obligations under the registration rights agreement. Holders of million of unregistered 2031 Notes did not participate in the exchange. 
 
 ) ) 2030 Note ) ) 2031 Notes ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 F-36 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 11: 
 up to the first of employee deferrals and then on deferrals over up to a maximum of of an individual s total eligible salary, as defined in the plan, which vests immediately. Discretionary employer-matching contributions begin vesting immediately at a rate of per year of employment and are fully vested after the completion of of employment. Contributions totaled approximately million, million and million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 The Company is party to certain employment agreements with each of its Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreements each provide for annual base salaries and annual bonuses, if any, as determined from time to time by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. The annual bonuses are to be determined with reference to the achievement of annual performance objectives established by the Compensation Committee. The agreements also provide that each of the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, may be awarded additional compensation, benefits, or consideration as the Compensation Committee may determine. 
 
 The agreements also provide for the continuation of salary and certain other benefits for a specified period of time upon termination of employment under certain circumstances, including resignation for good reason, termination by the Company without cause at any time or any termination of employment within twelve months following a change in control, along with other specific conditions. 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The First Internet Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan was approved by our Board of Directors and ratified by our shareholders on May 16, 2022. The plan permits awards of incentive and non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock unit awards, performance awards and other stock-based awards. All employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company or any subsidiary, as well as all non-employee directors of the Company, are eligible to receive awards under the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan initially authorized the issuance of new shares of the Company s common stock plus all shares of common stock that remained available for future grants under the First Internet Bancorp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ). 
 
 Award Activity Under 2022 Plan 
 
 The Company recorded less than million of share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to stock-based awards under the 2022 Plan. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 F-37 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 million with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 
 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The 2013 Plan authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in the form of stock-based awards to employees, directors, and other eligible persons. Although outstanding stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan remain in place according to their terms, our authority to grant new awards under the 2013 Plan terminated upon shareholder approval of the 2022 Plan. 
 
 Award Activity Under 2013 Plan 
 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million of share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards was million, with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 
 
 Directors Deferred Stock Plan 
 
 Until January 1, 2014, the Company had a stock compensation plan for non-employee members of the Board of Directors Directors Deferred Stock Plan ). The Company reserved shares of common stock that could have been issued pursuant to the Directors Deferred Stock Plan. The plan provided directors the option to elect to receive up to of their annual retainer in either common stock or deferred stock rights. Deferred stock rights were to be settled in common stock following the end of the deferral period payable on the basis of one share of common stock for each deferred stock right. 
 
 Granted Released ) Outstanding, end of year 

F-38 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 12: Deferred ) Total 
 
 (Subtract) add the tax effect of: Income from tax-exempt securities and loans ) ) ) State income tax, net of federal tax effect Bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Other differences Total income taxes 
 
 Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities and hedged items Fair value adjustments ) ) Depreciation ) ) Deferred compensation and accrued payroll Loan origination costs ) ) Prepaid assets ) ) Net operating loss Other Total deferred tax assets, net 
 
 During 2022, the Company generated a federal and state net operating loss of million and million, respectively. For federal income tax purposes, the NOL has no expiration period; however, for state income tax purposes, the NOL may have varying expiration periods. The Company expects to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize the loss generated. 

Note 13: 
 F-39 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

million and million, respectively. 

Effect of change in composition of directors and executive officers New Term Loans Repayment of term loans ) ) Changes in balances of revolving lines of credit ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Deposits from related parties held by the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. 

Note 14: 
 , plus a capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of ); 2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of ); 3) a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Total capital ratio of ); and 4) a minimum Leverage Ratio of . 
 
 The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Failure to maintain the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio plus the capital conservation buffer will result in potential restrictions on a banking institution s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and/or pay discretionary compensation to its employees. 
 
 F-40 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Leverage ratio Consolidated N/A N/A Bank 
 Actual Minimum Capital Required - Basel III Minimum Required to be Considered Well Capitalized Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2021: Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Leverage ratio Consolidated N/A N/A Bank 

Note 15: 
 million and million, respectively. 

F-41 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 million. As of December 31, 2022, million of such contract commitments had not yet been incurred. These commitments are due within . 

Note 16: 
 
 F-42 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-43 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Municipal securities Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate securities Total available-for-sale securities Servicing asset Interest rate swaps assets Loans held-for-sale (mandatory pricing agreements) Forward contracts IRLCs 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) U.S. Government-sponsored agencies Municipal securities Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate securities Total available-for-sale securities Servicing asset Interest rate swaps liabilities ) ) Loans held-for-sale (mandatory pricing agreements) Forward contracts ) ) IRLCs 
 
 F-44 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Total realized gains Additions Paydowns ) Change in fair value Balance, December 31, 2020 Total realized gains Additions Paydowns ) Change in fair value ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Total realized gains Additions Paydowns ) Change in fair value ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 The following describes the valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Impaired Loans (Collateral Dependent) 
 
 Loans for which it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest due according to contractual terms are measured for impairment. The amount of the impairment may be determined based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, the estimated present value of future cash flows or the loan s observable market price. 
 
 If the impaired loan is identified as collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, is used to measure impairment. This method requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor to the value. If the impaired loan is not collateral dependent, the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis to measure impairment. 

F-45 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs 
 
 Fair value of collateral 
 Discount for type of property and current market conditions - 
 IRLCs 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Loan closing rates - 
 Servicing asset 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Prepayment speeds Discount rate 
 - 

(dollars in thousands) Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Range Weighted - Average Range Impaired loans Fair value of collateral Discount for type of property and current market conditions - 
 IRLCs Discounted cash flow Loan closing rates - 
 Servicing asset Discounted cash flow Prepayment speeds Discount rate - 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at amounts other than fair value: 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 For these instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
 
 Securities Held-to-Maturity 
 
 Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the 
 valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities include highly liquid mutual funds. If quoted market prices are not available, 
 then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or 
 discounted cash flows. 
 
 Level 2 securities include agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, municipal securities and corporate securities. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique widely used in the banking industry to value investment securities. 
 
 In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the 
 hierarchy. Fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows. Discounted cash flows are calculated based off of 
 F-46 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-47 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Securities held-to-maturity Loans held-for-sale (best efforts pricing agreements) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Carrying Amount Fair Value Quoted Prices In Active Market for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Cash and cash equivalents Securities held-to-maturity Loans held-for-sale (best efforts pricing agreements) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 

Note 17: 

F-48 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

million, million, and million, respectively, and received million, million, and million from the sale of mortgage loans, respectively, into the secondary market. 
 
 Loss resulting from the change in fair value of loans held-for-sale ) ) ) (Loss) gain resulting from the change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Net revenue from mortgage banking activities 
 
 F-49 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 18: 
 ) 
 
 1 These amounts include the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the last layer expected to be remaining at the end of the hedging relationship. The amounts of the designated hedged items were million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

3 month LIBOR Total swap portfolio at December 31, 2022 3 month LIBOR 
 
 F-50 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 ) 3 month LIBOR Total swap portfolio at December 31, 2021 ) 3 month LIBOR 
 
 In March 2021, the Company terminated the last layer of interest rate swaps associated with available-for-sale agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, which resulted in swap termination payments to counterparties totaling million. The corresponding fair value hedging adjustment was allocated pro-rata to the underlying hedged securities and is being amortized over the remaining lives of the designated securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization expense totaling million was recognized as a reduction to interest income on securities. 
 
 In June 2020, the Company terminated all fair value hedging relationships associated with loans, which resulted in swap termination payments to counterparties totaling million. The corresponding loan fair value hedging adjustment as of the date of termination is being amortized over the remaining lives of the designated loans, which have a weighted average term to maturity of years as of December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense totaling million and million, respectively, related to these previously terminated fair value hedges was recognized as a reduction to interest income on loans. 
 
 3 month LIBOR Interest rate swaps 1 month LIBOR Interest rate swaps Fed Funds Effective 

December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (years) Weighted-Average Rate Cash Flow Hedges Notional Value Fair Value Receive Pay Interest rate swaps ) 3 month LIBOR Interest rate swaps ) 1 month LIBOR 

These derivative financial instruments were entered into for the purpose of managing the interest rate risk of certain assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company received million of cash collateral from counterparties as security for their obligations related to these swap transactions. As of December 31, 2021, the Company pledged cash collateral of million to counterparties as security for its obligations related to these interest rate swap transactions. Cash collateral is pledged to counterparties on interest rate swap agreements as security for its obligations related to these agreements. Collateral posted and received is dependent on the market valuation of the underlying hedges. 

F-51 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

Interest rate swaps associated with liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments IRLCs Forward contracts Total contracts Liability Derivatives Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps associated with securities available-for-sale ) Interest rate swaps associated with liabilities ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Forward contracts ) Total contracts ) 
 
 The fair values of interest rate swaps were estimated using a discounted cash flow method that incorporates current market interest rates as of the balance sheet date. Fair values of IRLCs and forward contracts were estimated using changes in mortgage interest rates and other factors from the date the Company entered into the IRLC and the balance sheet date. Refer to Note 16 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments for additional information. 
 
 ) 

F-52 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Forward contracts Liability Derivatives Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments IRLCs ) ) Forward contracts ) 
 
 ) Securities - taxable ) ) Securities - non-taxable ) ) ) Total interest income 
 ) ) ) Interest expense Deposits Other borrowed funds Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 ) ) ) 

Note 19: 
 
 million of our outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. In October 2022, the Company s Board of Directors increased the authorization to million. The Company repurchased a total of shares at an average price of per share under the program through December 19, 2022. 
 
 On December 19, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to million of our outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase authorization replaced the Company s previously announced stock repurchase program and is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023. Under this program, the Company repurchased shares of common stock during the fourth quarter 2022 at an average price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of remaining authority under the program. 

F-53 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 20: ) ) Net unrealized holding gains (losses) recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net unrealized holding (losses) gains recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before tax ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) Other comprehensive (loss) income- net of tax ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net unrealized holding (losses) gains recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) ) Reclassification of securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) ) Amortization of net unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Other comprehensive (loss) income before tax ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income - net of tax ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

Note 21: 
 
 F-54 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Investment in common stock of subsidiaries Premises and equipment, net Accrued income and other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Subordinated debt, net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of 2,468 in 2022 and 2,769 in 2021 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 Other Total income Expenses Interest on borrowings Salaries and employee benefits Consulting and professional fees Premises and equipment Other Total expenses Loss before income tax and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Loss before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income 
 
 F-55 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Other comprehensive (loss) income Securities available-for-sale Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive loss ) ) Securities held-to-maturity Reclassification of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Amortization of net unrealized holding losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax benefit ) Net effect on other comprehensive loss ) Cash flow hedges Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives recorded within other comprehensive income before income tax ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income 

F-56 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Dividend received from Bank Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Gain on sale of premises and equipment ) Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Investing activities Net proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Other investing activities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Repayment of subordinated debt ) Repayment of Bank loan ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 F-57 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 Note 22: 

F-58 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 million and million. In addition, the Company expects the allowance for unfunded commitments to be in the range of million and million. 
 
 The qualitative impact of the new accounting standard will still be directed by many of the same factors that impacted the previous methodology for calculating the ACL, including but not limited to, quality and experience of staff, changes in the value of collateral, concentrations of credit in loan types or industries and changes to lending policies. In addition, the Company will also use reasonable and supportable forecasts. Examples of this are regression analyses of data from the Federal Open Market Committee quarterly economic projections for change in real GDP, housing price index and national unemployment. 
 
 The actual impact from adopting this guidance may be subject to change based upon refinement and finalization of the model and associated assumptions, the implementation and testing of certain internal controls ensuring model effectiveness and management s judgment. 
 
 The Company does not expect a material ACL on HTM securities or AFS debt securities. 
 
 ASU 2019-04 - Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments (April 2019) 
 
 The amendments in this ASU clarify or correct the guidance in ASC Topic 326, Topic 815 and Topic 825. With respect to Topic 326, ASU 2019-04 addresses a number of issues as it relates to the CECL standard including consideration of accrued interest, recoveries, variable-rate financial instruments, prepayments, extension and renewal options, among other things, in the measurement of expected credit losses. The amendments to Topic 326 have the same effective dates as ASU 2016-13 and the Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these amendments on the consolidated financial statements. With respect to Topic 815, ASU 2019-04 clarifies issues related to partial-term hedges, hedged debt securities, and transitioning from a quantitative method of assessing hedge effectiveness to a more simplified method. The amendments to Topic 815 are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. With respect to Topic 825, ASU 2019-04 addresses the scope of the guidance, the requirement for remeasurement under ASC Topic 820 when using the measurement alternative, certain disclosure requirements, and which equity securities must be remeasured at historical exchanges rates. The amendments to Topic 825 were effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-59 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

F-60 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands except per share data) 

 million and increase annualized pre-tax income by approximately million, with of the benefit realized in 2023 and thereafter. The Company estimates that it will incur total pre-tax expense of approximately million in the first and second quarters of 2023 associated with exiting this line of business. 
 
 F-61 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 inbk-4q2022ex41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 First Internet Bancorp (the Company, we, our and us refer solely to First Internet Bancorp) maintains two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (1) our common stock, without par value (the Common Stock and (2) our 6.0 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes or the Notes ). 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following is a description of the material terms of our Common Stock. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), and the applicable provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, as amended (the IBCL ). Our Articles and Bylaws are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company s most recently completed fiscal year. 
 
 General 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 45,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. All outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as described below under Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Company s Articles, Bylaws and the IBCL Control Share Acquisitions , each holder of shares of our Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common shareholders. There are no cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences to which holders of any shares of preferred stock may be entitled, holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends that may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. 
 
 Rights Upon Liquidation 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of shares of our Common Stock will be entitled to share in our assets remaining after the payment or provision for payment of our debts and other liabilities, and the satisfaction of any liquidation preferences granted to the holders of any shares of preferred stock that may be outstanding. 
 
 Other Provisions 
 
 Holders of shares of our Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions that apply to the Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of shares of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 

Because we are a bank holding company, any purchaser of certain specified amounts of our Common Stock may be required to file a notice with or obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended. Specifically, under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, (1) any other bank holding company may be required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before acquiring 5 or more of our Common Stock and (2) any person may be required to file a notice with and not be disapproved by the Federal Reserve to acquire 5 or more of our Common Stock and will be required to file a notice with and not be disapproved by the Federal Reserve to acquire 25 or more of our Common Stock. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol INBK. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Company s Articles, Bylaws and the IBCL 
 
 Our Articles, Bylaws and certain provisions of the IBCL may have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder would consider in its best interest. This includes an attempt that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by shareholders. These provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. They are also expected to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to negotiate first with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals because, among other things, negotiation of takeover proposals might result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Number of Directors Removal Vacancies 
 
 Our Articles provide that we may have between 3 and 25 directors and our Bylaws further provide that our Board of Directors may establish an actual number of directors between 3 and 11 from time to time by resolution. Our Articles provide that any director may be removed for a specific cause found and determined by the vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. In addition, any or all directors may be removed with or without cause at a meeting of shareholders called for such purpose by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. If any vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors, including a vacancy which occurs by reason of an increase in the number of directors, such vacancy shall be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office. 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders Limitations on Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. A special meeting of our shareholders may not be called by any other person or persons, including holders of shares of our Common Stock. The only matters that may be considered at any special meeting of the shareholders are the matters specified in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 Because our Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act, the IBCL provides that any actions required or permitted to be taken by our shareholders may not be effected by written consent unless the written consent describing the action taken is signed by all shareholders entitled to vote on the action. 

Amendments Vote Requirements 
 
 Except where authority is granted to the Board of Directors under the IBCL, our Articles may be amended if the amendment is recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast if the amendment would create dissenters rights or otherwise if the votes cast favoring the proposal exceed the votes cast opposing the proposal at a meeting at which a quorum is present. Except as otherwise required by the IBCL or our Articles, our Bylaws may only be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors or the affirmative vote, at a meeting of the shareholders, of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, considered for these purposes as a single voting group. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Nomination of Directors 
 
 Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard to business to be brought before an annual meeting of shareholders and with regard to the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than by or at the direction of the Board of Directors. In general, notice of intent to raise business or nominate a director at annual meetings must be received by us not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which we first mailed our proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) to our shareholders for the preceding year s annual meeting and must contain certain specified information concerning the matters to be brought before the meeting or the person to be nominated and concerning the shareholder submitting the proposal. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 Under Chapter 42 of the IBCL, an acquiring person or group who makes a control share acquisition in an issuing public corporation may not exercise voting rights on any control shares unless these voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing public corporation at a special meeting of those shareholders held upon the request and at the expense of the acquiring person or otherwise at the next annual or special meeting of the corporation. If control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of all voting power, all shareholders of the issuing public corporation have dissenters rights to receive the fair value of their shares pursuant to Chapter 44 of the IBCL. 
 
 Under the IBCL, control shares are shares acquired by a person that, when added to all other shares of the issuing public corporation owned by that person or in respect to which that person may exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would otherwise entitle that person to exercise voting power of the issuing public corporation in the election of directors within any of the following ranges 
 
 one-fifth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more. 
 
 A control share acquisition means, subject to specified exceptions, the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares. For the purposes of determining whether an acquisition constitutes a control share acquisition, shares acquired within 90 days or under a plan to make a control share acquisition are considered to have been acquired in the same acquisition. 
 
 An issuing public corporation means a corporation which has (1) 100 or more shareholders (2) its principal place of business or its principal office in Indiana, or that owns or controls assets within Indiana having a fair market value of greater than 1,000,000 and (3) (a) more than 10 of its shareholders resident in Indiana, (b) more than 10 of its shares owned of record or owned beneficially by Indiana residents or (c) 1,000 shareholders resident in Indiana. 

The overall effect of these provisions may be to render more difficult or to discourage a merger, a tender offer, a proxy contest or the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of shares of our Common Stock or other person, or the removal of incumbent management, even if those actions may be beneficial to our shareholders generally. 
 
 The provisions described above do not apply if, before a control share acquisition is made, the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, including a bylaw adopted by the corporation s board of directors, provide that the provisions do not apply to the corporation. Our Articles and Bylaws do not currently exclude us from Chapter 42 of the IBCL. 
 
 Certain Business Combinations 
 
 Chapter 43 of the IBCL restricts the ability of a resident domestic corporation to engage in any combinations with an interested shareholder for five years after the date the interested shareholder became such, unless the combination or the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder on the interested shareholder s date of acquiring shares is approved by the board of directors of the resident domestic corporation before that date. If the combination was not previously approved, then the interested shareholder may effect a combination after the five-year period only if that shareholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shareholders or the offer meets specified fair price criteria. 
 
 For purposes of the above provisions, resident domestic corporation means an Indiana corporation that has 100 or more shareholders. Interested shareholder means any person, other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation or (2) an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation, which at any time within the five-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the resident domestic corporation. 
 
 The definition of beneficial owner for purposes of Chapter 43 means a person who, directly or indirectly, owns the shares, has the right to acquire or vote the subject shares (excluding voting rights under revocable proxies made in accordance with federal law), has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of the subject shares or holds any derivative instrument that includes the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase in the value of the subject shares. 
 
 The above provisions do not apply to corporations that elect not to be subject to Chapter 43 in an amendment to their articles of incorporation approved by a majority of the disinterested shareholders. That amendment, however, cannot become effective until 18 months after its passage and would apply only to share acquisitions occurring after its effective date. Our Articles do not exclude us from Chapter 43 of the IBCL. 
 
 Mandatory Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Under Chapter 33 of the IBCL, a corporation with a class of voting shares registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act must have a classified board of directors unless the corporation adopts a bylaw expressly electing not to be governed by this provision by the later of July 31, 2009 or 30 days after the corporation s voting shares are first registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Our Board of Directors adopted a Bylaw provision electing not to be subject to the mandatory classified board requirement within 30 days after our Common Stock was registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Description of the Notes 
 
 The following description of the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Subordinated Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ), dated as of September 30, 2016, as supplemented in the case of the 2029 Notes by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2019 (together, the Indenture ), which, along with the 2029 Notes, are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company s most recently completed fiscal year.. 
 
 General 
 
 The 2029 Notes were initially issued on June 12, 2019 in an aggregate principal amount of 35.0 million with an additional 2.0 million aggregate principal amount issued on June 19, 2019 pursuant to the exercise of an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. The 2029 Notes mature on June 30, 2029. 
 
 The 2029 Notes are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol INBKZ. The Notes are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, equity securities, other securities or assets of the Company or First Internet Bank. There is no sinking fund for the Notes. As a bank holding company, our ability to make payments on the Notes depends primarily on the receipt of dividends and other distributions from our subsidiary, First Internet Bank. There are various regulatory restrictions on the ability of First Internet Bank to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. The Notes are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of First Internet Bank or any of our non-bank subsidiaries and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or public or private insurer. The Notes are solely obligations of the Company and are neither obligations of, nor guaranteed by, any of our subsidiaries. 
 
 No recourse is available for the payment of principal of, or interest or any Additional Amounts (as defined below) on, any Note, for any claim based thereon, or otherwise in respect thereof, against any shareholder, employee, agent, officer or director, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor entity. Neither the Indenture nor the Notes contain any covenants or restrictions restricting the incurrence of debt, deposits or other liability by us or by our subsidiaries. The Indenture and the Notes contain no financial covenants and do not restrict us from paying dividends or issuing or repurchasing other securities, and do not contain any provision that would provide protection to the holders of the Notes against a sudden and dramatic decline in credit quality resulting from a merger, takeover, recapitalization or similar restructuring or any other event involving us or our subsidiaries that may adversely affect our credit quality. 
 
 Interest 
 
 The 2029 Notes 
 
 The 2029 Notes currently bear interest at a rate of 6.0 per annum. From and including June 30, 2024 to but excluding the maturity date or the date of earlier redemption, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then-current Benchmark Rate (initially Three-month LIBOR) (each, as defined below) plus 4.114 . Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year. 

If we determine in our sole discretion that a Benchmark Rate Replacement Event (as defined below) and its related Benchmark Rate Replacement Date (as defined below) have occurred prior to 11 00 a.m., London time, on a Reset Rate Determination Date, then the Benchmark Replacement Rate will replace the then-current Benchmark Rate for all purposes relating to the 2029 Notes with respect to the floating rate period. In connection with the implementation of the Benchmark Replacement Rate, we may make or instruct the Calculation Agent to make, from time to time, Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes (as defined below). All determinations, decisions, elections and calculations we make (or the Calculation Agent makes at our direction), including as to occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date, any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, and any Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes, will be in our sole discretion, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and will become effective without the consent of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the holders of the 2029 Notes. 
 
 If we determine that there is no alternative reference rate selected by a central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) that is consistent with market practice regarding a substitute for Three-month LIBOR or the then-applicable Benchmark Rate, we may, in our sole discretion, appoint an independent financial advisor to determine an appropriate Benchmark Replacement Rate and any Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes, and the decision of such independent financial advisor will be binding on us, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, and the holders of the 2029 Notes. 
 
 If a Benchmark Rate Replacement Event and its related Benchmark Rate Replacement Date have occurred and, for any reason, the Calculation Agent has not been notified of the Benchmark Replacement Rate on or prior to a Reset Rate Determination Date, then for purposes of such Reset Rate Determination Date and each Reset Rate Determination Date thereafter until we notify the Calculation Agent of the Benchmark Replacement Rate, the 2029 Notes will bear interest at the original fixed rate per annum of 6.0 . From and after the first Reset Rate Determination Date after we notify the Calculation Agent of the Benchmark Replacement Rate, the Benchmark Replacement Rate (and any associated Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes) will apply. 
 
 To the extent that a Benchmark Rate is unavailable and we have not provided the Calculation Agent with quotations for the calculation of the Benchmark Replacement Rate, the Calculation Agent shall have no liability to us, the holders of the 2029 Notes or to any third party as a result of losses suffered by such parties due to the lack of an applicable rate of interest, and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to act in such event or otherwise determine the relevant alternate applicable rate of interest until such time as the Calculation Agent has received written direction from us regarding how to calculate the Benchmark Replacement Rate or otherwise proceed with respect to determining the Benchmark Replacement Rate. 
 
 The calculation of the Benchmark Rate for each applicable interest period by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding. The Calculation Agent s calculation of the amount of any interest payable after the first Reset Rate Determination Date will be maintained on file at the Calculation Agent s principal offices. 
 
 The Notes 
 
 Interest is calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months to, but excluding, June 30, 2024 for the 2029 Notes, and thereafter on the basis of a 360-day year and on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation are rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. 

Interest on the Notes, subject to certain exceptions, accrues during the applicable interest period, which is from and including the immediately preceding interest payment date in respect of which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from and including the date of issuance of the Notes to but excluding the applicable interest payment date or the stated maturity date or date of earlier redemption, if applicable. If an interest payment date or the maturity date for the Notes falls on a day that is not a business day, the interest payment or the payment of principal and interest at maturity will be paid on the next succeeding business day, but the payments made on such dates will be treated as being made on the date that the payment was first due and the holders of the Notes will not be entitled to any further interest or other payments. In the event that a floating rate interest payment date falls on a day that is not a business day, then such floating rate interest payment date will be postponed to the next succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, in which case such floating rate interest payment date will be accelerated to the immediately preceding business day, and, in each such case, the amounts payable on such business day will include interest accrued to but excluding such business day. 
 
 Interest on each Note is payable to the person in whose name such Note is registered for such interest at the close of business on the 15 th day of the month immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date, whether or not such day is a business day however, interest that is paid on the maturity date will be paid to the person to whom the principal will be paid. Any such interest which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for on any interest payment date, shall cease to be payable to the holder on such relevant record date by virtue of having been a holder on such date, and such defaulted interest may be paid by us to the person in whose name the Note is registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of defaulted interest. Interest is payable by wire transfer in immediately available funds in U.S. dollars at the office of the paying agent or, at our option in the event the Notes are not represented by Global Notes (as defined below), by check mailed to the address of the person specified for payment in the preceding sentences. 
 
 When we use the term business day, we mean any day except a Saturday, Sunday, a legal holiday or any other day on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York or any place of payment are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Additional Amounts means any additional amounts that are required by the Indenture or the Notes, under circumstances specified by the Indenture or the Notes, to be paid by the Company in respect of certain taxes imposed on holders of the Notes specified by the Indenture or the Notes and which are owing to such holders. 
 
 Benchmark Rate means, initially, Three-month LIBOR provided that, if a Benchmark Rate Replacement Event and its related Benchmark Rate Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-month LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark Rate, then Benchmark Rate means the applicable Benchmark Replacement Rate. Subject to any Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes, all percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of the Benchmark Rate will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 rounded up to 0.00001 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Benchmark Rate as determined in accordance with the applicable definitions is less than zero, the Benchmark Rate for such interest period shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 Benchmark Rate Margin means an amount equal to the Benchmark Rate plus 4.114 . 
 
 Benchmark Rate Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark Rate 
 
 (i) in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Rate Replacement Event, the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark Rate or 

(ii) in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Rate Replacement Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
 Benchmark Rate Replacement Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark Rate 
 
 (i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark Rate announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark Rate 
 
 (ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark Rate, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark Rate or 
 
 (iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark Rate announcing that the Benchmark Rate is no longer representative. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Rate means the alternative reference rate selected by a central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) that is consistent with market practice regarding a substitute for Three-month LIBOR (which may or may not be Secured Overnight Financing Rate selected by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the substitute for LIBOR) or the then-applicable Benchmark Rate, as determined by us and calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Indenture as of the applicable time on the Reset Rate Determination Date related to the applicable interest period. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Rate Conforming Changes means technical, administrative, operational or other changes and adjustments (including changes and adjustments to the Benchmark Replacement Rate, the Benchmark Rate Margin, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making interest payments, business day conventions, and rounding of amounts or tenors) that we determine to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of a Benchmark Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if we determine that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no such market practice exists, in such other manner as we determine is reasonably necessary). 
 
 Calculation Agent means U.S. Bank National Association, or any other successor appointed by us, acting as calculation agent. 
 
 Designated LIBOR Page means the display on Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to such service selected by the Company), for the purpose of displaying the London interbank rates for U.S. dollars. 
 
 London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in U.S. dollars) in London. 
 
 Reset Rate Determination Date means the second London Banking Day immediately preceding the first day of each applicable interest period commencing on the first floating rate interest payment date. 

Three-month LIBOR means, for any interest period, the offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars having a maturity of three months that appears on the Designated LIBOR Page as of 11 00 a.m., London time, on the Reset Rate Determination Date related to such interest period. If such rate does not appear on such page at such time (other than, in the case of the 2029 Notes, in connection with a Benchmark Rate Replacement Event), then the Calculation Agent will request the principal London office of each of four major reference banks in the London interbank market, selected by the Company for this purpose and whose names and contact information will be provided by the Company to the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank s offered quotation to prime banks in the London interbank market for deposits in U.S. dollars with a term of three months as of 11 00 a.m., London time, on such Reset Rate Determination Date and in a principal amount equal to an amount for a single transaction in U.S. dollars in the relevant market at the relevant time as determined by the Company and provided to the Calculation Agent (a Representative Amount ). If at least two such quotations are so provided, three-month LIBOR for the interest period related to such Reset Rate Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent will request each of three major banks in the City of New York selected by the Company for this purpose and whose names and contact information will be provided by the Company to the Calculation Agent, to provide such bank s rate for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks with a term of three months as of approximately 11 00 a m., New York City time, on such Reset Rate Determination Date and in a Representative Amount. If at least two such rates are so provided, three-month LIBOR for the interest period related to such Reset Rate Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such rates are so provided, then three-month LIBOR for the interest period related to such Reset Rate Determination Date will be set to equal the three-month LIBOR for the immediately preceding interest period or, in the case of the interest period commencing on the first floating rate interest payment date, 5.0 for the 2029 Notes. All percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of three-month LIBOR will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 rounded up to 0.00001 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that three-month LIBOR as determined in accordance with this definition is less than zero, three-month LIBOR for such interest period shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Notes are our unsecured subordinated debt obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other unsecured subordinated indebtedness, including unsecured subordinated indebtedness we may issue in the future under the Indenture. The Notes rank junior to and are subordinated to all of our senior indebtedness, whether now outstanding, or issued, assumed or incurred in the future, including all indebtedness relating to money owed to general creditors and trade creditors. The Notes are our obligations only and are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries, including First Internet Bank, which is our principal subsidiary. The Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries, which means that creditors of our subsidiaries (including, in the case of First Internet Bank, its depositors) generally will be paid from those subsidiaries assets before holders of the Notes would have any claims to those assets. The Indenture and the Notes do not limit the amount of senior indebtedness, secured indebtedness, or other liabilities having priority over the Notes that we or our subsidiaries may incur. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Senior indebtedness means 
 
 the principal and any premium or interest for money borrowed or purchased by the Company 
 
 the principal and any premium or interest for money borrowed or purchased by another person and guaranteed by the Company 
 
 any deferred obligation for the payment of the purchase price of property or assets evidenced by a note or similar instrument or agreement 
 
 obligations to general and trade creditors 

any obligation arising from direct credit substitutes 
 
 any obligation associated with derivative products such as interest rate and currency rate exchange contracts or any similar arrangements, unless the instrument by which we incurred, assumed or guaranteed the obligation expressly provides that it is subordinate or junior in right of payment to any other indebtedness or obligations of the Company and 
 
 all obligations of the type referred to in the first six bullet points above of other persons or entities for the payment of which we are responsible or liable as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, whether or not classified as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
 
 in each case, whether now outstanding, or created, assumed or incurred in the future. With respect to the Notes, senior indebtedness excludes any indebtedness that 
 
 expressly states that it is junior to, or ranks equally in right of payment with, the Notes or 
 is identified as junior to, or equal in right of payment with, the Notes in any board resolution establishing such series of subordinated indebtedness or in any supplemental indenture. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Federal Reserve (or other competent regulatory agency or authority) promulgates any rule or issues any interpretation that defines general creditor(s), the main purpose of which is to establish criteria for determining whether the subordinated debt of a financial or bank holding company is to be included in its capital, then the term general creditors as used in the definition of senior indebtedness in the Indenture will have the meaning as described in that rule or interpretation. 
 
 Upon the liquidation, dissolution, winding up, or reorganization of the Company, we must pay to the holders of all senior indebtedness the full amounts of principal of, premium, interest and any Additional Amounts owing on, that senior indebtedness before any payment is made on the Notes. If, after we have made those payments on our senior indebtedness there are amounts available for payment on the Notes, then we may make any payment on the Notes. Because of the subordination provisions and the obligation to pay senior indebtedness described above, in the event of insolvency of the Company, holders of the Notes may recover less ratably than holders of senior indebtedness and other creditors of the Company. With respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, our creditors (including holders of the Notes) are structurally subordinated to the prior claims of creditors of each subsidiary, except to the extent that we may be a creditor with recognized claims against such subsidiary. 
 
 Subject to the terms of the Indenture, if the Trustee or any holder of any of the Notes receives any payment or distribution of our assets in contravention of the subordination provisions applicable to the Notes before all senior indebtedness is paid in full in cash, property or securities, including by way of set-off or any such payment or distribution that may be payable or deliverable by reason of the payment of any other indebtedness of the Company being subordinated to the payment of the Notes, then such payment or distribution will be held in trust for the benefit of holders of senior indebtedness or their representatives to the extent necessary to make payment in full in cash or payment satisfactory to the holders of senior indebtedness of all unpaid senior indebtedness. 
 
 Events of Default Acceleration of Payment Limitation on Suits 
 
 The Notes and Indenture provide for only limited events upon which the principal of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, shall be accelerated. These events are 
 
 A court having jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official in any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding relating to the Company, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days 

We shall consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, trustee, assignee or other similar official in any receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to the Company or 
 
 In the event of an appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official for our principal banking subsidiary, First Internet Bank, and such appointment shall not have been rescinded for a period of 60 consecutive days from the date thereof. 
 
 The Notes and Indenture provide for a limited number of other events of default, which do not permit acceleration of the payment of principal of, and interest on, the Notes, including 
 
 Default in the payment of any interest on the applicable series of Notes or any Additional Amounts with respect thereto when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of such payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of such period of 30 days) 
 
 Default in the payment of the principal on the applicable series of Notes or any Additional Amounts with respect thereto when it becomes due and payable (whether at the stated maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise) or 
 
 Default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in the Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty for which the consequences of nonperformance or breach are addressed in the five bullet points above and other than a covenant or warranty that has been included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of notes issued thereunder other than the applicable series of Notes), and the continuance of such default or breach (without such default or breach having been waived in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture) uncured for a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the holders of not less than 25.0 in principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Notes a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default under the Indenture. 
 
 There is no right of acceleration in the case of a default in the payment of principal of or interest or Additional Amounts on the Notes or in our nonperformance or breach of any other covenant or warranty under the Notes or the Indenture. 
 
 If we default in our obligation to pay any interest on a series of Notes or any Additional Amounts with respect thereto when it becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days, or if we default in our obligation to pay the principal amount of a series of Notes when it becomes due and payable (whether at the stated maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise), then the Trustee may demand we pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of such series of Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on such series of Notes for principal and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and any overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such series of Notes and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. 
 
 No holder of Notes will have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy under the Indenture, unless 
 
 such holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to the applicable series of Notes 
 
 the holders of not less than 25.0 in principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Notes shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such event of default in its own name as Trustee under the Indenture 

such holder or holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses, and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request 
 
 the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request, and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding and 
 
 no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Notes. 
 
 In any event, the Indenture provides that no one or more of such holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of the Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such holders of the Notes, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such holders or to enforce any right under the Indenture, except in the manner provided in the Indenture and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such holders of Notes. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 We may, at our option, beginning with the interest payment date of June 30, 2024 for the 2029 Notes, and on any interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, from time to time, subject to obtaining the prior approval of the Federal Reserve to the extent such approval is then required under the rules of the Federal Reserve, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, such date of redemption. The Notes may not otherwise be redeemed prior to maturity, except that we may also, at our option, redeem a series of Notes at any time, in whole, but not in part, from time to time, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the series of Notes being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, such date of redemption upon the occurrence of 
 
 a Tax Event, defined in the Indenture to mean the receipt by us of an opinion of independent tax counsel to the effect that as a result of (a) an amendment to, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, the laws or any regulations thereunder of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or (b) any official administrative pronouncement or judicial decision interpreting or applying such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective or which pronouncement or decision is announced on or after the date of original issuance of a series of Notes, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the interest payable by us on such series of Notes is not, or within 90 days of the date of such opinion will not be, deductible by us, in whole or in part, for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 
 a Tier 2 Capital Event, defined in the Indenture to mean our good faith determination that, as a result of (a) any amendment to, or change (including any announced prospective change) in, the laws or any regulations thereunder of the United States or any rules, guidelines or policies of an applicable regulatory authority for the Company or (b) any official administrative pronouncement or judicial decision interpreting or applying such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective or which pronouncement or decision is announced on or after the date of original issuance of a series of Notes, in each case, that there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat such series of Notes then outstanding as Tier 2 capital (or its then equivalent if we were subject to such capital requirement) for purposes of capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve (or any successor regulatory authority with jurisdiction over bank holding companies), as then in effect and applicable, for so long as any such Note is outstanding or 
 
 the Company becoming required to register as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 Any such redemption will be at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, such date of redemption. 

In the event of any redemption of the Notes, we will deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of redemption (which notice may be conditional in our discretion on one or more conditions precedent, and the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all of such conditions have been satisfied or revoked by us if we determine that such conditions will not be satisfied) by first-class mail, or in the event the Notes are represented by Global Notes, electronically in accordance with the procedures of The Depository Trust Company DTC ), to each holder of Notes not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date. 
 
 Any partial redemption will be made in accordance with DTC s applicable procedures among all of the holders of the applicable series of Notes. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption relating to such Note shall state it is a partial redemption and the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. A replacement Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued in the name of the holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Note. The Notes are not subject to redemption or prepayment at the option of the holders of the Notes. 

Modification and Waiver 
 
 The Indenture provides that we and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes with, or, in certain cases, without the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the applicable outstanding series of Notes provided, that any amendment or waiver may not, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding Note affected thereby 
 
 reduce the amount of Notes whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver 
 
 reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any Note 
 
 reduce the principal or change the stated maturity of any Note 
 
 waive a default or event of default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on any Note (except a rescission of acceleration of a series of Notes by the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of such series of outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration) 
 
 make any change to the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, held by holders whose consent is required to waive certain defaults and the consequences thereof under the Indenture or any change to such defaults which require such consent 
 
 make any change to certain provisions of the Indenture relating to, among other things, holders rights to receive payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and waivers of past defaults 
 
 make the principal of or interest, if any, on any Note or any Additional Amount with respect thereto payable in any currency other than that stated in the Note or 
 
 waive any redemption payment with respect to any Notes. 
 
 In addition, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of an outstanding series of Notes may, on behalf of all holders of such series of Notes, waive compliance by us with certain terms, conditions and provisions of the Indenture, as well as any past default and or the consequences of default, other than any default in the payment of principal of or interest on any Note (provided that the holders of a majority in principal amount of an outstanding series of Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration) or any breach in respect of a covenant or provision that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding Note of such series. 

In addition, we and the Trustee may modify and amend the Indenture without the consent of any holders of Notes for any of the following purposes 
 
 to evidence the succession of another person to the Company as obligor under the Indenture and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants and obligations of the Company in the Indenture and in the Notes 
 
 to add to the covenants of the Company such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as shall be for the protection of the holders of the Notes and to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and continuance, of a default in any of such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default permitting the enforcement of all or any of the several remedies provided in the Indenture, with such period of grace, if any, and subject to such conditions as such supplemental indenture may provide 
 
 to add or change any of the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of notes in uncertificated or global form 
 
 to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee or facilitate the administration of the trust under the Indenture by more than one Trustee 
 
 to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the Indenture 
 
 to add any additional events of default (and if such events of default are to be for less than all series of Notes, stating that such are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series) 
 
 to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of the Indenture, if the change or elimination (i) becomes effective only when there are no debt securities outstanding of any series created prior to the change or elimination that are entitled to the benefit of the changed or eliminated provision or (ii) shall not apply to the any debt securities outstanding at the time of such change or elimination 
 
 to establish the form of the Notes and to provide for the issuance of any other series of notes under the Indenture 
 
 to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act 
 
 to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of the Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act, or under any similar federal statute hereafter enacted, and to add to the Indenture such other provisions as may be expressly permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, excluding certain provisions thereof or 
 
 to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of notes of any series issued under the Indenture in any material respect. 
 
 The Trustee shall be entitled to receive an officer s certificate and opinion of counsel confirming that all conditions precedent are satisfied with respect to any supplemental indenture, that such supplemental indenture is authorized and permitted and that such supplemental indenture is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 
 We may choose to either discharge our obligations under the Indenture and any series of Notes in a legal defeasance or to release ourselves from certain of our covenant restrictions under the Indenture and the Notes in a covenant defeasance (in each case, except for certain surviving rights of the Trustee and our obligations in connection therewith). We may do so after we irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, cash and or U.S. government securities in an amount that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, which is sufficient in the opinion of our independent public accountants expressed in a written certification delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal of and interest, if any, on a series of Notes on the dates such installments of interest or principal are due. If we choose the legal defeasance option, the holders of the applicable series of Notes will not be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture except for certain limited rights, including registration of transfer and exchange of such Notes, replacement of lost, stolen or mutilated Notes and the right to receive payments of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on such Notes when such payments are due. 
 
 We may discharge our obligations under the Indenture or release ourselves from covenant restrictions only if we meet certain requirements. Among other things, we must deliver to the Trustee an opinion of our legal counsel to the effect that holders of the applicable series of Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times, as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred. In the case of legal defeasance only, this opinion must be based on either a ruling received from or published by the Internal Revenue Service or a change in the applicable federal income tax law. We may not have a default or event of default under the Indenture or the applicable series of Notes on the date of deposit or during the period ending 120 days after such deposit. The deposit may not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the Indenture or any of our agreements or instruments to which we are a party or by which we are bound. 
 
 Any defeasance of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture shall be subject to our obtaining the prior approval of the Federal Reserve and any additional requirements that the Federal Reserve may impose with respect to defeasance of the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, due to a change in law, regulation or policy subsequent to the issue date of a series of Notes the Federal Reserve does not require that defeasance of instruments be subject to Federal Reserve approval in order for the instrument to be accorded Tier 2 capital treatment, then no such approval of the Federal Reserve will be required for such defeasance. 
 
 Satisfaction and Discharge 
 
 We may discharge our obligations under the Indenture (except for certain surviving rights of the Trustee and our obligations in connection therewith) if (a) all outstanding Notes and all other outstanding notes issued under the Indenture (i) have been delivered for cancellation, or (ii) (1) have become due and payable, (2) will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year, (3) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee or (4) are deemed paid and discharged in a legal defeasance described above, (and in the case of clauses (1), (2) and (3), we have irrevocably deposited with the Trustee an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the principal of and interest on all outstanding notes issued under the Indenture on the stated maturity dates or redemption dates, as the case may be) (b) we have paid all other sums payable by us under the Indenture and (c) we have delivered an officer s certificate and opinion of counsel stating that all conditions precedent with respect to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture have been complied with. 

Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
 
 The Indenture provides that we may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any person, and we may not permit any other person to consolidate with or merge into us or to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to us, unless 
 
 we are the surviving corporation or the successor person (if not us), is a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the Notes and under the Indenture 
 
 immediately after giving effect to such transaction, and treating any indebtedness that becomes an obligation of us or our subsidiaries as a result of such transaction as having been incurred by us or such subsidiary at the effective date of such transaction, no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing and 
 
 we have complied with our obligations to deliver certain documentation to the Trustee, including an officers certificate and opinion of counsel each stating that such proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with the Indenture. 
 
 Further Issues 
 
 We may, from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the holders of the Notes, create and issue further notes ranking equally with the Notes and with identical terms in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of offering, the offering price and the first interest payment date) provided that such further notes shall be fungible with the original Notes for federal income tax purposes. Such further notes will be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. 
 
 The Trustee may conclusively rely upon certificates, opinions or other documents furnished to it under the Indenture and shall have no responsibility to confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for monitoring our compliance with any of our covenants under the Indenture. 
 
 Paying Agent 
 
 We may appoint one or more financial institutions to act as our paying agents, at whose designated offices the Notes in non-global form may be presented or surrendered for payment. We call each of those offices a paying agent. We may add, replace or terminate paying agents from time to time. We may also choose to act as our own paying agent. Initially, we have appointed the Trustee, at its office at 60 Livingston Avenue, St. Paul, Minnesota 55107, as the paying agent for the Notes. We must notify the Trustee of changes in the paying agents. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 The Indenture provides that the Notes and the Indenture governing the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 Tier 2 Capital 
 
 The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under the capital rules established by the Federal Reserve for bank holding companies. The rules set forth specific criteria for instruments to qualify as Tier 2 capital. Among other things, the Notes must 
 
 be unsecured 

have a minimum original maturity of at least five years 
 
 be subordinated to depositors and general creditors 
 
 not contain provisions permitting the holders of the Notes to accelerate payment of principal prior to maturity except in the event of receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceedings of the Company and 
 
 not contain provisions permitting the Company to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to the maturity date without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Clearance and Settlement 
 
 The Notes are represented by one or more permanent global certificates, which we refer to individually as a Global Note and collectively as the Global Notes, deposited with, or on behalf of DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC s partnership nominee). The Notes are available for purchase in minimum denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof in book-entry form only. So long as DTC or any successor depositary, which we refer to collectively as the Depositary, or its nominee is the registered owner of the Global Notes, the Depositary, or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered to be the sole owner or holder of the Notes for all purposes of the Indenture. Beneficial interests in the Global Notes are represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct and indirect participants in DTC. Investors may not elect to receive a certificate representing their Notes while the Notes are held by a Depositary. Investors may elect to hold interests in the Global Notes through DTC either directly if they are participants in DTC or indirectly through organizations that are participants in DTC. 
 
 The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. These laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes, so long as the corresponding securities are represented by Global Notes. 
 
 DTC has advised us that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a banking organization within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its direct participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between participants accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, which, in turn, is owned by a number of direct participants of DTC and members of the National Securities Clearing Corporation, Fixed Income Clearing Corporation and Emerging Markets Clearing Corporation, as well as by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NYSE American LLC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Access to the DTC system is also available to others, referred to as indirect participants, such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a direct or indirect custodial relationship with a direct participant. The rules applicable to DTC and its participants are on file with the SEC. 

Purchases of securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for the securities on DTC s records. The ownership interest of each beneficial owner of securities is recorded on the direct or indirect participants records. Beneficial owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the direct or indirect participant through which the beneficial owner entered into the transaction. Under a book-entry format, holders may experience some delay in their receipt of payments, as such payments are forwarded by the Depositary to Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. DTC forwards the payments to its participants, who then forward them to indirect participants or holders. Beneficial owners of securities other than DTC or its nominees will not be recognized by the relevant registrar, transfer agent, paying agent or trustee as registered holders of the securities entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. Beneficial owners that are not participants are permitted to exercise their rights only indirectly through and according to the procedures of participants and, if applicable, indirect participants. 
 
 To facilitate subsequent transfers, all securities deposited by direct participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not affect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities DTC s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the securities are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The direct and indirect participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
 
 Conveyance of redemption notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants, and by direct and indirect participants to beneficial owners are governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. If less than all of the securities of any class are being redeemed, DTC will determine the amount of the interest of each direct participant to be redeemed in accordance with its then current procedures. 
 
 DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to the issuer or its agent. Under these circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained, certificates for the Notes are required to be printed and delivered. We may decide to discontinue the use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depositary). In that event, certificates for the Notes will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
 
 As long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner of the Global Notes, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, is considered the sole owner and holder of the Global Notes and all securities represented by these certificates for all purposes under the instruments governing the rights and obligations of holders of such securities. Except in the limited circumstances referred to above, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes 
 
 are not entitled to have such global security certificates or the securities represented by these certificates registered in their names 
 
 will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of securities certificates in exchange for beneficial interests in global security certificates and 
 
 are not considered to be owners or holders of the global security certificates or any securities represented by these certificates for any purpose under the instruments governing the rights and obligations of holders of such securities. 

All redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments on the securities represented by the Global Notes and all transfers and deliveries of such securities are made to DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder of the securities. DTC s practice is to credit direct participants accounts upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the issuer or its agent, on the payable date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC s records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners are governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street name, and are the responsibility of that participant and not of DTC, the Depositary, the issuer, the Trustee or any of their agents, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the issuer or its agent, disbursement of such payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the beneficial owners is the responsibility of direct and indirect participants. 
 
 Ownership of beneficial interests in the Global Notes is limited to participants or persons that may hold beneficial interests through institutions that have accounts with DTC or its nominee. Ownership of beneficial interests in Global Notes is shown only on, and the transfer of those ownership interests is effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee, with respect to participants interests, or any participant, with respect to interests of persons held by the participant on their behalf. Payments, transfers, deliveries, exchanges, redemptions and other matters relating to beneficial interests in Global Notes may be subject to various policies and procedures adopted by DTC from time to time. None of the Company, the Trustee or any agent for any of them has any responsibility or liability for any aspect of DTC s or any direct or indirect participant s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in Global Notes, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of DTC s records or any direct or indirect participant s records relating to these beneficial ownership interests. 
 
 Although DTC has agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfer of interests in the Global Notes among participants, DTC is under no obligation to perform or continue to perform these procedures, and these procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither we nor the Trustee have any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its direct participants or indirect participants under the rules and procedures governing DTC. 
 Because DTC can act only on behalf of direct participants, who in turn act only on behalf of direct or indirect participants, and certain banks, trust companies and other persons approved by it, the ability of a beneficial owner of securities to pledge them to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system may be limited due to the unavailability of physical certificates for the securities. 
 
 DTC has advised us that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a registered holder of any securities under the Indenture, only at the direction of one or more participants to whose accounts with DTC the relevant securities are credited. 
 
 The information in this section concerning DTC and its book-entry system was obtained from sources that we believe to be accurate, but we assume no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
 Trustee 
 U.S. Bank National Association is acting as Trustee under the Indenture. The Trustee has all of the duties and responsibilities specified under the Trust Indenture Act. Other than its duties in a case of an event of default, the Trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of the holders of the Notes, unless the holders have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee. From time to time, we, and one or more of our subsidiaries, may maintain deposit accounts and conduct other banking transactions, including lending transactions, with the Trustee in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, we maintain banking relationships with the Trustee and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. These banking relationships include the Trustee serving as Trustee under the Indenture for each series of Notes. 

Notices 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture or any Note, where the Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event or any other communication (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a holder of a Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the applicable procedures from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at the Depositary. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 inbk-4q2022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 1 Name Jurisdiction First Internet Bank of Indiana 2 
 Indiana First Internet Public Finance Corp. 3 
 Indiana SPF15, Inc. 3 
 Indiana 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 1 Omits one wholly-owned subsidiary of First Internet Bank of Indiana that does not constitute a significant subsidiary. 
 2 Also does business as First Internet Bank . 
 3 Indirect subsidiary wholly-owned by First Internet Bank of Indiana. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 inbk-4q2022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-188741) and Form S-4 (File No 333-260282) of First Internet Bancorp (the Company ), of our reports dated March 14, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. We also consent to the incorporation by reference into those registration statements of our report dated March 14, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

s FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 inbk-4q2022ex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s Aasif Bade Aasif Bade 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s Justin P. Christian Justin P. Christian 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s Ann Colussi Dee Ann Colussi Dee 

Exhibit 24.1 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s John K. Keach Jr. John K. Keach Jr. 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s David R. Lovejoy David R. Lovejoy 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 The undersigned director of First Internet Bancorp, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Becker and Kenneth J. Lovik, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys in fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director and or officer of said corporation to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or other applicable form, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact, and either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set the undersigned s hand this 14 th day of March, 2023. 
 s Jean L. Wojtowicz Jean L. Wojtowicz 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 inbk-4q2022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David B. Becker, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Internet Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 14, 2023 s David B. Becker David B. Becker, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 inbk-4q2022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kenneth J. Lovik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Internet Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 14, 2023 s Kenneth J. Lovik Kenneth J. Lovik, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 inbk-4q2022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of First Internet Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s David B. Becker David B. Becker Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2023 s Kenneth J. Lovik Kenneth J. Lovik Chief Financial Officer March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 inbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 inbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 inbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 inbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 inbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

