<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1798100_0001798100-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34478272</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1060132</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3548636</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13917147</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7153530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8176138</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001798100-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223164916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001798100-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETSTREIT Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001798100
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				843356606
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39443
		FILM NUMBER:		23660500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1150
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-200-7100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1150
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NetSTREIT Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001798100-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 ntst-20221231.htm
 10-K

ntst-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received 
 by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on that day as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. Excludes shares of the registrant s common stock held as of such date by officers and directors that the registrant has concluded are or were affiliates of the registrant. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that the holder of any such shares possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, we had shares of common stock, par value 0.01, outstanding. 

NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 33 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 78 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 78 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 79 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 79 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 80 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 80 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 82 
 SIGNATURES 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the terms registrant, the Company, NETSTREIT, we, our or us refer to NETSTREIT Corp. and all of its consolidated subsidiaries, including NETSTREIT L.P. (the operating partnership ). 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). NETSTREIT intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words anticipate, estimate, should, expect, believe, intend, may, will, seek, could, project, or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include information about possible or assumed future events, including, among other things, discussion and analysis of our future financial condition, results of operations, our strategic plans and objectives, occupancy and leasing rates and trends, liquidity and ability to refinance our indebtedness as it matures, anticipated expenditures of capital, and other matters. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially adversely affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, include, but are not limited to: 
 
 global market and economic conditions; 
 
 risks inherent in the real estate business, including tenant defaults, illiquidity of real estate investments, potential liability relating to environmental matters and potential damages from natural disasters; 
 
 our ability to successfully execute our property acquisition or development strategies; 
 
 the accuracy of our assessment that certain businesses are e commerce resistant and recession resilient; 
 
 the accuracy of the tools we use to determine the creditworthiness of our tenants; 
 
 concentration of our business within certain geographic markets, tenant categories and with certain tenants; 
 
 demand for retail space; 
 
 ability to renew leases, lease vacant space or re lease space as existing leases expire or are terminated; 
 
 the degree and nature of our competition; 
 
 our ability to retain our key management personnel; 
 
 failure, weakness, interruption or breach in security of our information systems; 
 
 access to capital markets; 
 
 our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding indebtedness; 
 
 inflation and interest rate fluctuations; 
 
 failure to qualify or remain qualified for taxation as a REIT; 
 
 changes in, or the failure or inability to comply with, applicable law or regulation; and 
 
 the other risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those under the headings Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The factors included in this report, including the documents incorporated by reference, and documents the Company subsequently files or furnishes with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC are not exhaustive and additional factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements. For a discussion of additional risk factors, see the factors included under the caption Risk Factors within this report. All forward-looking statements are based on information that was available, and speak only, as of the date on which they were made. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to review or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances as they occur. 
 
 Summary of Selected Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the risks described in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. The following is only a summary of the principal risks associated with an investment in our Class A common stock. Material risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations included, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 global market and economic conditions, which may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants; 
 
 risks related to the ownership of commercial real estate; 
 
 our ability to successfully execute our acquisition or development strategies; 
 
 the ability of our tenants to successfully operate their businesses; 
 
 our assessment that certain businesses are e-commerce resistant and recession-resilient; 
 
 the availability of external sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all; 
 
 our level of indebtedness, which could materially affect our financial position, and restrictions and covenants contained in our debt agreements; 
 
 risks associated with geographic and tenant concentrations in our portfolio; 
 
 our ability to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire on favorable terms or at all; 
 
 defaults on our mortgage loans receivable; 
 
 competition for tenants; 
 
 the loss of key management personnel; 
 
 our ability to successfully manage the transition associated with the resignation of our former Chief Financial Officer and the appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer; 
 
 failures, weakness, interruptions or breaches in the security of our information systems or those of our vendors; 
 
 any adverse impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the future outbreak of other highly infectious diseases; 
 
 liabilities arising under environmental laws; 
 
 failure to qualify or maintain qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 
 the ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval; and 
 
 the designation of the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We are an internally managed real estate company that acquires, owns and manages a diversified portfolio of single-tenant, retail commercial real estate subject to long-term net leases with high credit quality tenants across the United States. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 427 single-tenant retail net leased properties that were diversified by tenant, industry and geography, including 80 different tenants, across 25 retail sectors in 43 states. We focus on tenants in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits, with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector, including home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenience stores, discount stores, and quick-service restaurants, all of which we refer to as defensive retail industries. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was 100 occupied and generated ABR 1 of 99.2 million with a weighted average remaining lease term WALT of 9.5 years, which we believe provides us with a strong, stable source of recurring cash flow from our portfolio. Approximately 63 of our ABR is from investment grade credit rated tenants and an additional 17 of our ABR is derived from tenants with an investment grade profile. We define investment grade tenants as tenants, or tenants that are subsidiaries of a parent entity (with such subsidiary making up at least 50 of the parent company total revenue), with a credit rating of BBB- (S P), Baa3 (Moody s) or NAIC2 (National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC )) or higher. Tenants with investment grade profile metrics have more than 1.0 billion in annual sales and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 2.0x but do not carry a published rating from S P, Moody s or NAIC. Investment grade and investment grade profile tenants historically have exhibited a strong track record of making scheduled rental payments and demonstrating defensive, consistent performance through multiple cycles. See Item 2 Properties for additional information about the properties in our portfolio. 
 
 We were formed as a Maryland corporation on October 11, 2019 and our common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol NTST on August 13, 2020. We are structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust (a REIT ), meaning that we own our properties and conduct our business through our operating partnership, directly or through limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other subsidiaries. NETSTREIT GP, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is the sole general partner of our operating partnership. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 99.1 of the limited partnership interests in our operating partnership. Beginning with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2019, we elected to be treated and qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 2022 Financing Activities 
 
 Debt Refinancing Transaction 
 
 On August 11, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement related to our sustainability-linked senior unsecured credit facility consisting of (i) a 200.0 million senior unsecured term loan (the 2028 Term Loan and (ii) a 400.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Revolver , and together with the 2028 Term Loan, the New Credit Facility ). The New Credit Facility may be increased by 400.0 million in the aggregate. 
 
 The New Revolver refinanced and upsized our existing 250.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility Prior Revolver pursuant to the credit agreement, dated as of December 23, 2019, governing such facility (the Prior Credit Agreement ). 
 
 We used the proceeds from the borrowings made under the New Revolver on the closing date to repay in full our Prior Revolver. The remaining and future proceeds of the loans under the New Credit Facility will be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Our 175.0 million senior unsecured term loan 2024 Term Loan under the Prior Credit Agreement, which matures in December 2024, remained outstanding upon the closing of the New Credit Facility. 
 
 The 2028 Term Loan matures on February 11, 2028 and the New Revolver matures on August 11, 2026, subject to extension of up to one year. Borrowings under the New Credit Facility are repayable at our option in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Borrowings under the New Revolver may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time prior to the maturity date. 

1 Annualized base rent ABR ), is calculated by multiplying (i) cash rental payments (a) for the month ended December 31, 2022 (or, if applicable, the next full month's cash rent contractually due in the case of rent abatements, recently acquired properties, and properties with contractual rent increases, other than properties under development) for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, plus (b) for properties under development, the first full month's permanent cash rent contractually due after the development period by (ii) 12. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 January Follow-On Offering 
 
 In January 2022, we completed a registered public offering of 10,350,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 22.25 per share. In connection with the offering, we entered into forward sale agreements for 10,350,000 shares of our common stock. As of September 29, 2022, we had fully physically settled the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) at a price of 22.25 per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. We received net proceeds from the settlement of the forward sale agreements of 215.5 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of 14.8 million. 
 
 August Follow-On Offering 
 
 In August 2022, we completed a registered public offering of 10,350,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 20.20 per share. In connection with the offering, we entered into forward sale agreements for 10,350,000 shares of common stock. We did not initially receive any proceeds from the sales of shares of common stock by the forward purchasers upon registration of the offering. We may physically settle the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) and receive proceeds from the sale of those shares upon one or more forward settlement dates, which shall occur no later than August 3, 2023. We may, at our election, cash settle or net share settle all or a portion of our obligations under a forward sale agreement if we conclude it is in our best interest to do so over the prescribed offering period. If we elect to cash settle a forward sale agreement, we may not receive any proceeds and may owe cash to the relevant forward counterparty in certain circumstances. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, we settled 2,973,944 shares of common stock at a price of 20.20 per share in connection with the forward sale agreements. We received net proceeds from the settlement of 56.7 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of 3.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, 7,376,056 shares remained unsettled under the forward sale agreements. 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 On September 1, 2021, we entered into a 250.0 million at-the-market equity program (the ATM Program through which, from time to time, we may sell shares of our common stock in registered transactions. During 2022, we issued 276,060 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 21.02 per share in connection with the ATM Program for net proceeds of approximately 5.5 million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of 0.3 million. In aggregate, we have issued 4,128,496 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 23.21 per share in connection with the ATM Program for net proceeds of approximately 94.5 million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of 1.3 million. We have 154.2 million remaining gross proceeds available for future issuances of shares of our common stock under the ATM Program. 
 
 General Investment Criteria 
 
 Our objective is to maximize stockholder value by generating attractive risk-adjusted returns through owning, managing and growing a diversified portfolio of commercially desirable properties. As we continue to grow our portfolio, we seek to acquire single-tenant, retail commercial real estate net leased on a long-term basis (at least ten years) to high credit quality tenants in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits, with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector, including home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenient stores, discount stores, and quick-service restaurants. We believe these characteristics make our tenants' businesses e-commerce resistant and resilient through all economic cycles. Our current strategy targets a portfolio that, over time, will: 
 
 derive no more than (i) 5 of its ABR from any single tenant or property, (ii) 15 of its ABR from any single retail sector, (iii) 15 of its ABR from any single state and (iv) 50 of its ABR from its top 10 tenants; 
 
 be primarily leased to tenants operating in businesses we believe to be e-commerce resistant and resilient through all economic cycles; 
 
 have at least 60 of its tenants with an investment grade rating; and 
 
 have a WALT that approximates 10 years. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 While we consider the foregoing when making investments, we will be opportunistic in managing our business and make investments that do not meet one or more of these criteria if we believe the opportunity presents an attractive risk-adjusted return. In addition, we may purchase assets for long-term investment, expand and improve the properties we presently own or other acquired properties, or sell such properties, in whole or in part, when circumstances warrant. We intend to engage in investment activities in a manner that is consistent with the maintenance of our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Our Target Properties 
 
 We seek to acquire, own and manage a diversified portfolio of single-tenant, retail commercial real estate subject to long-term net leases with high credit quality tenants across the United States. Our growth and diversification strategy focuses on tenants in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits, with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector, including home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenient stores, discount stores, and quick-service restaurants. We believe these characteristics make our tenants' businesses e-commerce resistant and resilient through all economic cycles. Our management team focuses primarily on securing long-term leases with investment grade credit rated tenants and creditworthy tenants without an investment grade rating. 
 
 The current market for retail net leased properties is fragmented and decentralized. The relatively small transaction size of retail net lease properties, combined with the locations of many of these properties outside of primary markets, can be a deterrent for larger, institutional buyers that seek to deploy greater amounts of capital in larger markets and in assets that generate greater ABR per property. We generally target properties with a purchase price between 1 million and 10 million, a segment of the market that we believe is undercapitalized and where we can maintain a consistent pipeline of relatively small assets to acquire on attractive terms without the threat of broad competition while increasing our revenue diversification. We also selectively review larger properties with a purchase price in excess of 10 million, which are typically leased to investment grade tenants like Walmart and Home Depot, when we believe the acquisition will be accretive to the quality of our portfolio. The average purchase price of a property in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was 3.5 million, our ABR per property is approximately 232 thousand, and our leases typically have initial lease terms of approximately 10 years and contain two or more options for the tenant to extend the lease term, most often for additional five-year periods. 
 
 We seek to invest in properties that have strong unit-level economics to reduce the risk of default on a particular property. We also seek to acquire commercially desirable properties by reviewing the underlying key real estate metrics of each property, including location and demographics that will support both tenant financial health, including market rents, and a market for alternative use, re-leasing or redevelopment, when necessary, which we believe maximizes both investment residual value and recovery default value. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 In addition to acquiring single-tenant net leased retail properties subject to an existing stabilized long term lease, we will continue to grow our portfolio through a multi-faceted investment strategy, which includes blend and extend acquisitions, build-to-suit and reverse build-to-suit transactions, sale-leaseback transactions and investments in fully collateralized mortgage loans receivable. Each of these types of transactions or acquisitions offers unique benefits to our business: 
 
 Existing stabilized leases: In existing stabilized lease transactions, we acquire single-tenant net leased operating assets subject to an existing long-term lease through our relationships with current owners, our extensive brokerage network or our developer relationships. 
 
 Blend-and-extend: In blend-and-extend acquisitions, we acquire a single-tenant commercial property with an existing short-term lease, then extend the lease term to at least ten years. Blend-and-extend acquisitions allow us to acquire properties at a lower basis and get long-term site commitments from tenants. 
 
 Build-to-suit: In build-to-suit transactions, we secure development financing for a single-tenant commercial property pursuant to executing a long-term lease. Build-to-suit transactions allow us to leverage our extensive developer relationships to partner on opportunities. 
 
 Reverse build-to-suit: In reverse build-to-suit transactions, the tenant acts as the developer and constructs the property with the project financed by the landlord. Both build-to-suit and reverse build-to-suit transactions allow us to acquire the property at lower cost in exchange for long lease terms and higher entry capitalization rates. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Sale-leaseback: Sale-leaseback transactions allow us to acquire a single-tenant commercial property used by the seller with a simultaneous long-term lease of the property back to the seller. In sale-leaseback transactions, we strive to set rents at sustainable levels and get long-term site commitments from tenants. 
 
 Mortgage loans receivable: Investments are made by issuing fully collateralized mortgage loans to the owner of a property, with the property serving as collateral for the loans. These mortgage loans allow us to receive a fixed rate of return and generally provide us an option to acquire the property at predetermined pricing and dates. 
 
 We believe this multi-faceted investment strategy will provide us with greater flexibility to opportunistically build our portfolio and differentiate us from other public REITs pursuing a more limited investment strategy. 
 
 Investment Origination Process 
 
 Our current investment pipeline has been, and our investments going forward will be, identified by our senior management team, led by our Chief Executive Officer, Mark Manheimer, supplemented by our entire acquisitions team. Our acquisition team has developed a broad network of long-standing relationships. Our ability to efficiently deploy capital is a direct result of our management team's extensive network of industry relationships with retailers, brokers, intermediaries, private equity firms and others in the net lease industry, which we utilize to source a robust pipeline of attractive marketed and off-market investment opportunities through which we have deployed capital, acquiring 354 single-tenant retail net leased properties with an aggregate purchase price of 1.3 billion since our formation in December 2019 (excluding our property development acquisitions). We believe our relationship-based sourcing strategy will continue to generate a sustainable pipeline of opportunities to drive growth and achieve scale through the efficient deployment of capital raised in our capital markets offerings. In addition, we plan to continue to leverage our developer relationships to partner on build-to-suit opportunities with triple-net leases and desirable tenants. We believe our developer partnerships on build-to-suit projects, which provide higher yields than acquisitions, will differentiate us from our competitors without development expertise. 
 
 Underwriting and Portfolio Management 
 
 The Company assesses its investments and actively manages its existing portfolio using a three-part underwriting and risk management strategy with an emphasis on credit and real estate that includes: 
 
 Tenant Credit Underwriting: We review corporate level financial information, assess business risks, including barriers to entry and technology risks. As part of this analysis, we look for tenants that operate in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits, with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector, including home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenient stores, discount stores, and quick-service restaurants. We believe these characteristics make our tenants' businesses e-commerce resistant and resilient through all economic cycles. We then review the tenant's investment rating or establish a shadow rating using our proprietary credit modeling process for unrated tenants. and review investment rating or establish a shadow rating using our proprietary credit modeling process for unrated tenants. 
 
 Real Estate Valuation: We assess the underlying key real estate metrics of each property, including location and demographics that will support both tenant financial health, including market rents, and a market for alternative use, re-leasing or redevelopment, when necessary. We believe implementation of this underwriting and risk management criteria will continue to build a portfolio that provides a strong, stable source of recurring cash flow. 
 
 Unit-Level Profitability: We analyze and/or estimate unit-level profitability and cost variability to determine the likelihood of each location sustainably operating as a profit center. 
 
 Finally, we use our active portfolio management strategy to (i) regularly review each of our properties for changes in unit performance, tenant credit and local real estate conditions, (ii) identify properties that do not meet our disciplined underwriting strategy, diversification objectives or risk management criteria, including rent coverage ratios below 2.0x or likelihood of non-renewal upon lease expiration, and (iii) opportunistically dispose of those properties and reinvest the proceeds in tax-deferred exchanges under Section 1031 1031 Exchange of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code ), that will generate higher returns, enhance the credit quality of our real estate portfolio or extend our average remaining lease term. Since June 2018, we have disposed of 64 properties totaling 194.2 million in aggregate sales price and improved portfolio performance by diversifying tenant concentration and improving key metrics such as tenant credit quality, WALT and geographic diversity. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Allocation Strategy 
 
 We seek to maintain a capital structure that provides us with flexibility to manage our business and scale our platform through targeted acquisitions, while allowing us to service our debt requirements and generate appropriate risk-adjusted returns. As of December 31, 2022, we had 113.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our 400.0 million New Revolver as well as 175.0 million outstanding under the 2024 Term Loan and 200.0 million outstanding under the 2028 Term Loan. We intend to target a conservative net debt to EBITDA re leverage ratio of 4.5x to 5.5x, excluding the impact of any forward undrawn equity, to best position the Company for growth, and we intend to capitalize on our leading origination, underwriting, financing, documentation and property processes to improve our efficiency. As we grow, we anticipate having access to the investment grade debt and equity capital markets to maintain a prudent balance between debt and equity financing. 
 
 In addition, we seek to make investments that generate strong current income as a result of the difference, or spread, between the rate we earn on our assets and the rate we pay on our liabilities (primarily our long-term debt). We intend to augment that income with internal growth through a target dividend payout ratio that will permit some free cash flow reinvestment. We believe this will enable strong dividend growth without relying exclusively on future common stock issuances to fund new portfolio investments. Additionally, our WALT of 9.5 years as of December 31, 2022 and superior underwriting and portfolio monitoring capabilities, which reduce default losses, are intended to make our cash flows highly stable. 
 
 Tax Status 
 
 We believe that we are organized and have operated in a manner that has enabled us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2019, and we intend to continue to operate so as to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our stockholders, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding our net capital gain, plus 90 of our net income after tax from foreclosure property (if any), minus the sum of various items of excess non-cash income. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 Our properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including those relating to fire and safety requirements, and affirmative and negative covenants and, in some instances, common area obligations. Our tenants have primary responsibility for compliance with these requirements pursuant to our leases. We believe that each of our properties has the necessary permits and approvals. 
 
 Environmental and Related Matters 
 
 Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regulate, and impose liability for, releases of hazardous or toxic substances into the environment. Under various of these laws and regulations, a current or previous owner, operator or tenant of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances, hazardous wastes or petroleum product releases or threats of releases at the property, and may be held liable to a government entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation, clean-up and monitoring costs incurred by those parties in connection with the actual or threatened contamination. These laws may impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to fault, or whether or not the owner, operator or tenant knew of or caused the presence of the contamination. The liability under these laws may be joint and several for the full amount of the investigation, clean-up and monitoring costs incurred or to be incurred or actions to be undertaken, although a party held jointly and severally liable may seek to obtain contributions from other identified, solvent, responsible parties of their fair share toward these costs. These costs may be substantial, and can exceed the value of the property. In addition, some environmental laws may create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. As the owner or operator of real estate, we also may be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the real estate. The presence of contamination, or the failure to properly remediate contamination, on a property may adversely affect the ability of the owner, operator or tenant to sell or rent that property or to borrow using the property as collateral, and may adversely impact our investment in that property. 
 
 Environmental laws regulate a variety of activities that can occur on a property, including the storage of petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, air emissions, water discharges and exposure to lead-based paint. Such laws may impose fines or penalties for violations, and may require permits or other governmental approvals to be obtained for the operation of a business involving such activities. As a result of the foregoing, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos-containing materials ACM and impose various requirements, including operation and maintenance plans for the presence of any suspect ACM. Significant fines can be assessed for violation of these regulations. As a result of these regulations, building owners and those exercising control over a building's management may be subject to an increased risk of personal injury lawsuits by workers and others exposed to ACM. The regulations may affect the value of a building containing ACM in which we have invested. Federal, state and local laws and regulations also govern the removal, encapsulation, disturbance, handling and/or disposal of ACM when those materials are in poor condition or in the event of construction, remodeling, renovation or demolition of a building. These laws may impose liability for improper handling or a release into the environment of ACM and may provide for fines to, and for third parties to seek recovery from, owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or improper work exposure associated with ACM. 
 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials or moisture is otherwise present, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may be toxic and produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury occurs. 
 
 Generally, our leases require the lessee to comply with environmental law and provide that the lessee will indemnify us for any loss or expense we incur as a result of lessee's violation of environmental law or the presence, use or release of hazardous materials on our property attributable to the lessee. If our lessees do not comply with environmental law, or we are unable to enforce the indemnification obligations of our lessees, our results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 
 We cannot predict what other environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted or what environmental conditions may be found to exist on the properties in the future. Compliance with existing and new laws and regulations may require us or our tenants to spend funds to remedy environmental noncompliance or investigate and cleanup contamination. If we or our tenants were to become subject to significant environmental liabilities, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Americans with Disabilities Act and Similar Laws 
 
 Under Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA ), and rules promulgated thereunder, in order to protect individuals with disabilities, public accommodations must remove architectural and communication barriers that are structural in nature from existing places of public accommodation to the extent readily achievable. In addition, under the ADA, alterations to a place of public accommodation or a commercial facility are to be made so that, to the maximum extent feasible, such altered portions are readily accessible to and usable by disabled individuals. The readily achievable standard takes into account, among other factors, the financial resources of the affected site and the owner, lessor or other applicable person. 
 
 Compliance with the ADA, as well as other federal, state and local laws, may require modifications to properties we currently own or may purchase, or may restrict renovations of those properties. Failure to comply with these laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants, as well as the incurrence of the costs of making modifications to attain compliance, and future legislation could impose additional obligations or restrictions on our properties. Although our tenants are generally responsible for all maintenance and repairs of the property pursuant to our leases, including compliance with the ADA and other similar laws or regulations, we could be held liable as the owner of the property for a failure of one of our tenants to comply with these laws or regulations. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 Our tenants are generally required to maintain liability and property insurance coverage for the properties they lease from us pursuant to triple or double-net leases. These leases generally require our tenants to name us (and any of our lenders that have a mortgage on the property leased by the tenant) as additional insureds on their liability policies and additional named insured and/or loss payee (or mortgagee, in the case of our lenders) on their property policies. Depending on the location of the property, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by earthquakes and floods, may be covered by insurance policies that are held by our tenant with limitations such as large deductibles or co-payments that a tenant may not be able to meet. In addition, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by wind, hail, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, may be uninsurable or 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 not economically insurable. In the event there is damage to our properties that is not covered by insurance and such properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we will continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties are irreparably damaged. 
 
 In addition to being a named insured on our tenants' liability policies, we separately maintain commercial general liability coverage. We also maintain full property coverage on all untenanted properties and other property coverage as may be required by our lenders, which are not required to be carried by our tenants under our leases. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We face competition for acquisitions of real property from investors, including traded and non-traded public REITs, private equity investors and institutional investment funds, some of which have greater financial resources than we do, a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire properties and the ability to accept more risk. We also believe that competition for real estate financing comes from middle-market business owners themselves, many of whom have had a historic preference to own, rather than lease, the real estate they use in their businesses. This competition may increase the demand for the types of properties in which we typically invest and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other forms of investment. 
 
 As a landlord, we compete in the multi-billion dollar commercial real estate market with numerous developers and owners of properties, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. Some of our competitors have greater economies of scale, lower costs of capital, access to more resources and greater name recognition than we do. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose our tenants or prospective tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates or to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvement allowances, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants when our leases expire. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 30 full-time employees. Our staff is mostly comprised of professional employees engaged in origination, underwriting, closing, financial reporting, portfolio management and capital markets activities essential to our business. 
 
 We are committed to creating a strong internal culture that promotes inclusion and employee well-being. Our past and continued success relies on our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain a team of highly motivated and talented employees. In order to meet this objective, we are committed to the following: 
 
 Talent acquisition and development. To ensure we attract and retain top talent, we provide competitive compensation and benefits, including stock awards for all employees. We aim to develop our employees by providing internal training and reimbursement for certifications, tuition, courses and seminars for continuing professional education. We encourage regular informal feedback directly from the leadership team and complete formal evaluations of each employee annually. 
 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals and seek to cultivate an inclusive culture that respects and appreciates diversity of experience, ideas and opinions. We have adopted a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy to outline our diversity, equity and inclusion goals, commitment, initiatives and monitoring practices. As of December 31, 2022, our workforce was approximately 53 male and 47 female, and women represented approximately 25 of our senior management team. The ethnicity of our workforce at the end of 2022 was approximately 77 white, 10 Asian, 10 Black, and 3 Hispanic. As part of our effort to attract a more diverse candidate base, we partner with local universities and organizations in our recruiting efforts with a focus on recruitment of candidates that are underserved in our industry. 
 
 Workplace culture and empowerment. In 2021, we established an Employee Experience Committee (EEC) with a mission to ensure that employees have a clear voice in sharing and upholding our cultural values and expectations. The EEC allows the leadership team to engage with, and obtain feedback from, our employees on their workplace experiences. The EEC is comprised of non-management members of the organization and rotate annually. Members meet periodically to discuss recommendations to present to the leadership team, which may include additional substantive training, personal growth and professional development programs, company social and team-building events, employee benefits, and health and wellness programs. In addition, we established an Employee Recognition Program designed to recognize exemplary performance. Employees have an opportunity to nominate their teammates who have made significant contributions and two nominees per quarter are chosen to win an award. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Employee wellness. We are committed to providing a safe and healthy working environment for our employees. We offer competitive healthcare insurance and generous paid time off, as well as paid medical and parental leave. We also provide employees with standing desks, ergonomic desk chairs and fitness center memberships. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our principal executive office is located at 2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1150, Dallas, Texas, 75201 and our telephone number is 972-200-7100. Our website address is www.NETSTREIT.com. Our reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and can be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. These filings can also be accessed through our site, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such reports. These reports include our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports. Our website also contains copies of our corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct and ethics, as well as the charters of our audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees. The information on, or otherwise accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below. You should 
 consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes as well as other information filed with the SEC from time to time. The risks described below are those which we believe are the material risks we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Properties 
 
 Global market and economic conditions may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants. 
 
 Changes in global or national economic conditions, such as the global economic and financial market downturn and the conflict in Ukraine, may cause or continue to cause, among other things, tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, higher interest rates, increased inflation, increases in the rate of default and bankruptcy and lower consumer and business spending, which could materially and adversely affect us. For example, the current and continued macro-economic conditions of high inflation and rising interest rates have increased the costs associated with acquiring new properties and decreased the availability of financing on terms that we find attractive, which has reduced our ability to acquire properties at our historical rate with attractive terms. Other potential consequences of changes in economic and financial conditions include: changes in the performance of our tenants, which may result in lower rent and lower recoverable expenses than the tenant can afford to pay and tenant defaults under the lease; current or potential tenants may delay or postpone entering into long-term leases with us; continuing increased costs of acquiring new properties on attractive terms; inability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find to be acceptable, which could continue to reduce our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities or increase future interest expense; and the recognition of impairment charges on or reduced values of our properties, which may adversely affect our results of operations or limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices and may reduce the availability of buyer financing. We are also limited in our ability to reduce costs to offset the results of a prolonged or severe economic downturn given certain fixed costs and commitments associated with our operations. Accordingly, a decline in economic conditions could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to commercial real estate ownership that could reduce the value of our properties. 
 
 Our core business is the ownership of single-tenant, retail commercial real estate subject to long-term net leases. Accordingly, our performance is subject to risks incident to the ownership of commercial real estate, which include the inability to collect rents from tenants due to financial hardship, including bankruptcy; changes in local real estate conditions in the markets in which we operate, including the availability and demand for single-tenant, retail commercial real estate space; changes in consumer trends and preferences that affect the demand for products and services offered by our tenants; inability to lease or sell properties upon expiration or termination of existing leases; environmental risks, including the presence of hazardous or toxic substances or materials on our properties; the subjectivity of real estate valuations and changes in such valuations over time; the illiquid nature of real estate compared to most other financial assets; changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing real estate usage and zoning; changes in interest rates and the availability of financing; and changes in the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 general economic and business climate. The occurrence of any of these may cause the value of our real estate to decline, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition or development strategies. 
 
 Our ability to expand our portfolio through property acquisitions requires us to identify and complete acquisitions or investment opportunities on attractive terms that are compatible with our growth strategy and to successfully integrate newly acquired properties into our portfolio. As discussed above, the current and continued macro-economic conditions of high inflation and rising interest rates have increased the costs associated with acquiring new properties and decreased the availability of financing on terms that we find acceptable, which has reduced our ability to acquire properties at our historical rate with attractive terms. Additionally, our ability to successfully operate acquired properties may be constrained by risks associated with the ownership of real estate. As a result, we may not be able to implement our investment and acquisition strategies successfully. We cannot assure you that our portfolio of properties will expand at all, or if it will expand at any specified rate or to any specified size. Because we may invest in markets other than the ones in which our current properties are located or properties which may be leased to tenants other than those to which we have historically leased properties, we may also be subject to the risks associated with investment in new markets or with new tenants that may be relatively unfamiliar to our management team. 
 
 Our development activities related to our build-to-suit projects are subject to, without limitation, risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory approvals and the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks from factors beyond our control, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages). Additionally, new development may involve risks related to construction delays or costs overruns that may increase anticipated project costs. These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development activities once undertaken or provide a tenant the opportunity to reduce rent or terminate a lease. Any of these situations may delay or eliminate proceeds or cash flows we expect from build-to-suit projects, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Our business is dependent upon our tenants successfully operating their businesses and their failure to do so could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Each of our properties is leased by a single tenant. Therefore, we believe that the success of our investments is materially dependent on the financial stability of our tenants. The success of any one of our tenants is dependent on its individual business and its industry, which could be adversely affected by poor management, global market and economic conditions in general, changes in consumer trends and preferences that decrease demand for a tenant's products or services or other factors over which neither they nor we have control. Our portfolio includes properties leased to single tenants that operate in multiple locations, which means that, as of December 31, 2022, we owned numerous properties leased by the same entity (or related group of entities), including CVS, Walgreens, Dollar General, Hobby Lobby, 7-Eleven, Advance Auto Parts, Sam s / Walmart, Lowe s, Dollar Tree / Family Dollar and Best Buy. To the extent we own numerous properties leased and/or operated by one entity (or related group of entities), the general failure of that single entity (or related group of entities) or a loss or significant decline in its business could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 At any given time, any tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or the overall financial condition of individual properties or its business as a whole. As a result, a tenant may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. We depend on our tenants to operate the properties we own in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow them to meet their obligations to us, including their obligations to pay rent, maintain certain insurance coverage and pay real estate taxes. The ability of our tenants to fulfill their obligations under our leases may depend, in part, upon the overall profitability of their operations. Cash flow generated by certain tenant businesses may not be sufficient for a tenant to meet its obligations to us. We could be materially and adversely affected if a number of our tenants were unable to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 Single-tenant leases involve significant risks of tenant default. 
 
 Our strategy focuses primarily on investing in single-tenant, retail commercial real estate subject to long-term net leases across the United States. The financial failure of, or default in payment by, a single tenant under its lease is likely to cause a significant or complete reduction in our rental revenue from that property and a reduction in the value of the property. We may also experience difficulty or a significant delay in re-leasing or selling such property. This risk will be magnified if we decide to lease multiple properties to a single tenant under a master lease. A tenant failure or default under a master lease could reduce or eliminate rental revenue from multiple properties and reduce the value of such properties. In addition, we would be responsible for all of the operating costs of a property following a vacancy at a single-tenant building. Because our properties have generally 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 been built to suit a particular tenant's specific needs, we may also incur significant costs to make the leased premises ready for another tenant. 
 
 Our assessment that certain businesses are e-commerce resistant and recession-resilient may prove to be incorrect. 
 
 We primarily invest in properties leased to tenants in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector such as home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenient stores, discount stores and quick-service restaurants. We believe these characteristics make our tenants' businesses e-commerce resistant and resilient through all economic cycles. While we believe this to be the case, businesses previously thought to be internet resistant, such as the retail grocery industry, have proven to be susceptible to competition from e-commerce. Technology and business conditions, particularly in the retail industry, are rapidly changing, and our tenants may be adversely affected by technological innovation, changing consumer preferences and competition from non-traditional sources. To the extent our tenants face increased competition from non-traditional competitors, such as internet vendors, some of which may have different business models and larger profit margins, their businesses could suffer. There can be no assurance that our tenants will be successful in the face of any new competition, and a deterioration in our tenants' businesses could impair their ability to meet their lease obligations to us and materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 A substantial number of our properties are leased to unrated tenants and the tools we use to determine the creditworthiness of our tenants may not be accurate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 37.1 of our properties are leased to unrated or sub-investment grade tenants that we determine, through our disciplined underwriting and risk management strategy, to be creditworthy. This strategy includes reviewing corporate level financial information, assessing business risks and reviewing investment ratings or establishing a shadow rating using our proprietary credit modeling process for unrated tenants. A shadow rating does not constitute a published credit rating and lacks the extensive company participation that is typically involved when a rating agency publishes a rating; accordingly, a shadow rating may not be as indicative of creditworthiness as a rating published by Moody's Investor Services, S P Global Ratings, or another nationally recognized statistical rating organization. Our calculations of shadow ratings and rent coverage ratios are based on financial information provided to us by our tenants and prospective tenants without independent verification on our part, and we must assume the appropriateness of estimates and judgments that were made by the party preparing the financial information. If our measurement of credit quality proves to be inaccurate, we may be subject to defaults, and investors may view our cash flows as less stable. 
 
 Our portfolio has geographic market concentrations that make us especially susceptible to adverse developments in those geographic markets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included substantial holdings in Illinois (8.7 ), Texas (8.1 ), Wisconsin (6.9 ), Georgia (6.0 ), Virginia (5.7 ), Ohio (5.5 and Pennsylvania (5.1 based on ABR as of December 31, 2022. In addition, a significant portion of our portfolio holdings (based on ABR as of December 31, 2022) were located in the South (42.5 and Midwest (33.3 regions of the United States (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau). This geographic concentration could adversely affect our operating performance if conditions become less favorable in any of the regions, states or markets within such states in which we have a concentration of properties. An economic downturn or other adverse events or conditions such as natural disasters in any of these areas, or any other area where we may have significant concentration in the future, could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to tenant concentration, and an adverse development with respect to a large tenant could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The top five tenants in our portfolio CVS, Walgreens, Dollar General, Hobby Lobby and 7-Eleven contributed 10.1 , 6.5 , 6.2 , 5.5 , and 4.6 , respectively, of our ABR as of December 31, 2022. As a result, our financial performance depends significantly on the revenues generated from these tenants and, in turn, their financial condition. In the future, we may experience additional tenant and industry concentrations. In the event that one of these tenants, or another tenant that occupies a significant portion of our properties or whose lease payments represent a significant portion of our rental revenue, were to experience financial weakness or file for bankruptcy, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Our results of operations depend on our ability to continue to strategically lease our properties, including renewing expiring leases, leasing vacant space and re-leasing space in properties where leases are expiring, optimizing our tenant mix or leasing properties on more economically favorable terms. Current tenants may decline, or may not have the financial resources available, to renew current leases and we cannot assure you that leases that are renewed will have terms that are as economically favorable to us as the expiring lease terms. If tenants do not renew the leases as they expire, we will have to find new tenants to lease our properties and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find new tenants, that our properties will be re-leased at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates or that substantial rent abatements, tenant improvement allowances, early termination rights or below-market renewal options or other tenant inducements will not be offered to attract new tenants. In addition, the loss of a tenant, either through lease expiration or tenant bankruptcy or insolvency, may require us to spend significant amounts of capital to renovate the property before it is suitable for a new tenant and cause us to incur significant costs. Many of the leases we enter into or acquire are for properties that are specially suited to the particular business of our tenants. Because these properties have been designed or physically modified for a particular tenant, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be subject to an uncertain period of downtime without rental income, be required to renovate the property at substantial costs, decrease the rent we charge or provide other concessions in order to lease the property to another tenant. In addition, in the event we are required or desire to sell the property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the tenant due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed or modified. If we are unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Defaults by borrowers on loans we originate could lead to losses. 
 
 Mortgage loans receivables are investments made by issuing first-lien mortgage loans to the owner of a property, with the property serving as collateral for the loans. These mortgage loans allow us to receive a fixed rate of return and generally provide us an option to acquire the property at predetermined pricing and dates. A default by a borrower on its loan payments to us that would prevent us from earning interest or receiving a return of the principal of our loan could materially and adversely affect us. In the event of a default, we may also experience delays in enforcing our rights as lender and may incur substantial costs in collecting the amounts owed to us and in liquidating the property that serves as collateral for the loan. Foreclosure and other similar proceedings used to enforce payment of real estate loans are generally subject to principles of equity, which are designed to relieve the indebted party from the legal effect of that party's default. In the event we have to foreclose on a property, the amount we receive from the foreclosure sale of the property may be inadequate to fully pay the amounts owed to us by the borrower and our costs incurred to foreclose, repossess and sell the property. 
 
 Some of our tenants operate under franchise or license agreements, which, if terminated or not renewed prior to the expiration of their leases with us, would likely impair their ability to pay us rent. 
 
 Of the ABR of our portfolio as of December 31, 2022, 6.1 is operated by tenants under franchise or license agreements. Generally, franchise agreements have terms that end earlier than the respective expiration dates of the related leases. In addition, a tenant's rights as a franchisee or licensee typically may be terminated and the tenant may be precluded from competing with the franchiser or licensor upon termination. Usually, we have no notice or cure rights with respect to such a termination and have no rights to assignment of any such franchise agreement. This may have an adverse effect on our ability to mitigate losses arising from a default on any of our leases. A franchiser's or licensor's termination or refusal to renew a franchise or license agreement would likely have a material adverse effect on the ability of the tenant to make payments under its lease, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants could result in the termination of such tenant's lease and material losses to us. 
 
 The occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from that tenant's lease or leases or force us to take back a property as a result of a default or a rejection of a lease by a tenant in bankruptcy. If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, federal law may prohibit us from evicting such tenant based solely upon such bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, a bankrupt or insolvent tenant may be authorized to reject and terminate its lease or leases with us. Any claims against such bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that would likely result in our receipt of rental revenues that are substantially less than the contractually specified rent we are owed under the lease or leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent, if any, may not be paid in full. We may also be unable to re-lease a terminated or rejected space or to re-lease it on comparable or more favorable terms. As a result, tenant bankruptcies may materially and adversely affect us. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 
 
 Our real estate investments are relatively difficult to sell quickly. As a result, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial or investment conditions is limited. We may be unable to realize our investment objective by sale, other disposition or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time or may otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. In particular, these risks could arise from weakness in or even the lack of an established market for a property, changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective purchasers, changes in national or international economic conditions and changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies of the jurisdiction in which the property is located. 
 
 In addition, the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT's ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs effectively require that we hold our properties for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forgo or defer sales of properties that otherwise would be in our best interest. Therefore, we may not be able to alter our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms, which may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We face significant competition for tenants, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties, and competition for acquisitions may reduce the number of acquisitions we are able to complete and increase the costs of these acquisitions. 
 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of properties, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located, some of which may have greater financial resources than we do. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants when our leases expire. This competition also may increase the demand for the types of properties in which we typically invest and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. Accordingly, competition for the acquisition of real property and tenants could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 A loss of key management personnel could adversely affect our performance. 
 
 We are dependent on the efforts and performance of our key management, including Mark Manheimer, our Chief Executive Officer. We cannot guarantee we retain any of our executive leadership team and they could be difficult to replace. The loss of their services until suitable replacements are found could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and industry personnel, all of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 If we do not successfully manage the transition associated with the resignation of our former Chief Financial Officer and the appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer, it could be viewed negatively by our tenants and stockholders and could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 On November 7, 2022, we announced that our board of directors planned to conduct a search process to identify and appoint a new permanent Chief Financial Officer. Our board of directors has commenced an active search to select our next Chief Financial Officer from internal and external candidates. If we are unable to attract and retain a qualified candidate to become our Chief Financial Officer in a timely manner, our ability to meet our financial and operational goals and strategic plans, as well as our financial performance, may be adversely impacted. It may also make it more difficult to retain and hire key employees. In addition, such leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and a poorly executed transition involving our new Chief Financial Officer may cause disruption to our business, including to our relationships with tenants, stockholders and employees. 
 
 Any material failure, weakness, interruption or breach in security of our information systems could prevent us from effectively operating our business. 
 
 We rely on information systems across our operations and corporate functions, including finance and accounting, and depend on such systems to ensure payment of obligations, collection of cash, data warehousing to support analytics, and other various processes and procedures. Our ability to efficiently manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, maintenance problems, upgrading or transitioning to new platforms, or a breach in security of these systems, such as in the event of cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and administrative or technical failures and other similar activities that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 and availability of our information technology systems, including those of the third parties upon which we rely, could result in the theft of intellectual property, personal information or personal property, damage to our reputation and third-party claims, as well as reduced efficiency in our operations and in the accuracy of our internal and external financial reporting. A failure or weakness in our information systems could materially and adversely affect us, and the remediation of any such problems could result in significant unplanned expenditures. 
 
 Our reliance on vendors could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, and other threats to our business operations. We engage a variety of vendors to process and store data, some of which may be private or include personally identifiable information. We also depend on vendors to host certain of our systems and infrastructure. Our ability to monitor these vendors information security practices is limited, and these vendors may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our vendors experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences, including harm to our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. 
 
 Insurance on our properties may not adequately cover all losses and uninsured losses could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our tenants generally are required to maintain liability and property insurance coverage for the properties they lease from us pursuant to triple or double-net leases. These leases generally require our tenants to name us (and any of our lenders that have a mortgage on the property leased by the tenant) as additional insureds on their liability policies and additional named insured and/or loss payee (or mortgagee, in the case of our lenders) on their property policies. Depending on the location of the property, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by earthquakes and floods, may be covered by insurance policies that are held by our tenant with limitations such as large deductibles or co-payments that a tenant may not be able to meet. In addition, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by wind/hail, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. In addition, inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors, including terrorism or acts of war, may make any insurance proceeds we receive insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. In the event there is damage to our properties that is not covered by insurance, we may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases could materially 
 and adversely affect us. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted, and continues to negatively impact, the economy across many industries, including industries in which our tenants operate. The COVID-19 pandemic, including economic conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, has also exacerbated other risks disclosed in these Risk Factors including, but not limited to, the ability of our tenants to pay rent, our ability acquire properties on attractive terms or at all and our access to external sources of capital. There is uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact the global economy and the effect of the pandemic on our operations and those of our tenants will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Closures by our tenants of their locations and early terminations by our tenants of their leases as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or an outbreak of another highly 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 infectious disease could reduce our cash flows, which could impact our ability to continue paying dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a negative impact on economic conditions, or there is an outbreak of another highly infectious disease the impacts economic conditions, we could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. 
 
 In the future we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for OP units, which may result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. In addition, as part of the formation transactions, our predecessor made limited representations, warranties and covenants to us regarding the contributed assets. Because many liabilities, including tax liabilities, may not have been identified, we may have no recourse for such liabilities. Any unknown or unquantifiable liabilities to which the properties and assets previously owned by our predecessor are subject could adversely affect the value of those properties and as a result adversely affect us. 
 
 We may experience a decline in the fair value of our assets, which may have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and adversely impact the market value of our common stock. 
 
 A decline in the fair market value of our assets may require us to recognize an other-than-temporary impairment against such assets under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP if we were to determine that we do not have the ability and intent to hold any assets in unrealized loss positions to maturity or for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to the amortized cost of such assets. In such event, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write down the amortized cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale, which may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be affected by economic and other considerations. 
 
 The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements applicable to REITs under the Code, Maryland law and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing our Business 
 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP), determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the corporate rate to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gain. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, we may rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs, and we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Any additional debt we incur may increase our leverage and likelihood of default. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on: general market conditions; the market's perception of our growth potential; our current debt levels; our current and expected future earnings; our cash flow and cash distributions; and the price per share of our common stock. If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire properties when strategic opportunities exist, meet the capital and operating needs of our existing properties, satisfy our debt service obligations or make the cash distributions to our stockholders necessary to qualify as a REIT. Under certain circumstances, covenants and provisions in our existing and future debt instruments may prevent us from making distributions that we deem necessary to comply with REIT requirements. In addition, if we are unable to obtain financing in order to make distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may make taxable in-kind distributions of our own stock, which may cause our stockholders to be required to pay income taxes 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash they receive, or we may be required to withhold taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash our stockholders receive. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our financial position, including reducing funds available for other business purposes and reducing our operational flexibility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a 200.0 million senior unsecured term loan (the 2028 Term Loan ), a 175.0 million senior unsecured term loan (the 2024 Term Loan and 113.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our 400.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolver ). Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; cash interest expense and financial covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit or eliminate our ability to make distributions to our common stockholders; we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to capitalize upon investment opportunities or meet operational needs; we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under any hedge agreements we enter into, such agreements may not effectively hedge interest rate fluctuation risk, and, upon the expiration of any hedge agreements we enter into, we would be exposed to then-existing market rates of interest and future interest rate volatility; we may be forced to dispose of properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which we may be subject; we may be restricted from accessing some of our excess cash flow after debt service if certain of our tenants fail to meet certain financial performance metric thresholds; we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and our default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. In the future, we may enter into secured lending arrangements whereby lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties or our interests in entities that our properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases if we were to default under such arrangements. The occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect us. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 
 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We currently hedge a portion of our interest rate volatility through interest rate swaps. These arrangements involve risks and may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. In addition, the counterparties to any hedging arrangements we enter into in the future may not honor their obligations. Failure to hedge effectively against changes in interest rates relating to the interest expense of our future floating-rate borrowings may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our debt financing agreements, including the Credit Agreements, contain or may contain restrictions and covenants which may limit our ability to enter into or obtain funding for certain transactions, operate our business or make distributions to our common stockholders. 
 
 The Credit Agreements and other debt agreements we may enter into in the future contain or may contain financial and other covenants with which we are or will be required to comply and that limit or will limit our ability to operate our business. These covenants, as well as any additional covenants to which we may be subject in the future because of additional borrowings, could cause us to have to forego investment opportunities, reduce or eliminate distributions to our common stockholders or obtain financing that is more expensive than financing we could obtain if we were not subject to the covenants. In addition, the agreements governing our borrowings may have cross default provisions, which provide that a default under one of our debt financing agreements would lead to a default on all of our debt financing agreements. 
 
 The covenants and other restrictions under our debt agreements may affect, among other things, our ability to: incur indebtedness; create liens on assets; cause our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us to fund distributions to stockholders or to otherwise use in our business; sell or substitute assets; modify certain terms of our leases; manage our cash flows; and make distributions to equity holders, including our common stockholders. Additionally, these restrictions may adversely affect our operating and financial flexibility and may limit our ability to respond to changes in our business or competitive environment, all of which may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation and Tax Matters 
 
 Our failure to qualify or maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes would reduce the amount of funds we have available for distribution and limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our organization and current proposed method of operation has enabled us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2019, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner. However, we cannot assure you that we will qualify and remain qualified as a REIT. Meeting some of these requirements may involve the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. The REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretation of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT is limited. Furthermore, future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could result in our disqualification as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for distributions to our stockholders because: we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the corporate rate; we could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and unless we are entitled to relief under certain U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it would adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 If our operating partnership failed to qualify as a partnership or is not otherwise disregarded for U.S. federal income tax 
 purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our operating partnership intends to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to take that position for all income tax reporting purposes. We cannot assure you, however, that the Internal Revenue Service IRS will not challenge the status of our operating partnership or any other subsidiary partnership in which we own an interest as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If classified as a partnership, our operating partnership generally will not be a taxable entity and will not incur any U.S. federal income tax liability. However, our operating partnership would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it was a publicly traded partnership, unless at least 90 of its income was qualifying income as defined in the Code. A publicly traded partnership is a partnership whose partnership interests are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). Although our operating partnership s partnership units are not traded on an established securities market, the operating partnership s units could be viewed as readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), and our operating partnership may not qualify for one of the safe harbors under the applicable tax regulations. Qualifying income for the 90 test generally includes passive income, such as real property rents, dividends and interest. The income requirements applicable to REITs and the definition of qualifying income for purposes of this 90 test are similar in most respects. Our operating partnership may not meet this qualifying income test. If our operating partnership were to be taxed as a corporation, it would incur substantial tax liabilities, and we would then fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless we qualified for relief under certain statutory savings provisions, and our ability to raise additional capital and pay distributions to our stockholders would be impaired. 
 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under the Code. Moreover, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, that income will be subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property that we own or hold an interest in, directly or indirectly through any subsidiary entity, including our operating partnership, but generally excluding taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), that is deemed to be held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. The determination as to whether a particular sale is a prohibited transaction depends on the facts and circumstances related to that sale. While we will undertake sales of assets if those assets become inconsistent with our long-term strategic or return objectives, we do not believe that those sales should be considered prohibited transactions, but there can be no assurance that the IRS would not contend otherwise. The need to avoid prohibited transactions could cause us to forego or defer sales of properties that might otherwise be in our best interest to sell. For example, if circumstances make it not profitable or otherwise uneconomical for us to remain in certain states or geographical markets, the 100 tax could delay our ability to exit those states or markets by selling our assets in those states or markets other than through a TRS, which could harm our operating profits. 
 
 In addition, our TRSs will be subject to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local taxes on their net income. Any of these taxes would reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 Income from qualified dividends payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is generally subject to tax at reduced rates. Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for this reduced rate. Distributions from REITs that are treated as dividends but are not designated as qualified dividends or capital gain dividends are treated as ordinary income. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, distributions from REITs that are treated as dividends but are not designated as qualified dividends or capital gain dividends are taxed as ordinary income after deducting 20 of the amount of the dividend in the case of non-corporate stockholders. To qualify for this deduction, the U.S. stockholder receiving such dividends must hold the dividend-paying REIT stock for at least 46 days taking into account certain special holding period rules) of the 91-day period beginning 45 days before the stock becomes ex-dividend and cannot be under an obligation to make related payments with respect to a position in substantially similar or related property. At the current maximum ordinary income tax rate of 37 applicable for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the maximum tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends for non-corporate stockholders is 29.6 . Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock. In addition, certain U.S. stockholders may be subject to a 3.8 Medicare tax on dividends payable by REITs. Tax rates could be changed in future legislation. 
 
 The share ownership restrictions of the Code for REITs and the 9.8 share ownership limit in our charter may inhibit market activity in shares of our stock and restrict our business combination opportunities. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, may not own, actually or constructively, more than 50 in value of our issued and outstanding shares of stock at any time during the last half of each taxable year, other than the first year for which a REIT election is made. Attribution rules in the Code determine if any individual or entity actually or constructively owns shares of our common stock under this requirement. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own shares of our common stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year for each taxable year, other than the first year for which a REIT election is made. To help ensure that we meet these tests, among other purposes, our charter restricts certain acquisition and ownership levels of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary or advisable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of directors (prospectively or retroactively), for so long as we qualify as a REIT, our charter prohibits, among other limitations on ownership and transfer of shares of our stock, any person from beneficially or constructively owning (applying certain attribution rules under the Code) more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock or of any class or series of our preferred stock, or more than 9.8 of the aggregate value of all of our outstanding stock. Our board of directors may grant exemptions from these limits to stockholders but may not grant an exemption that would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. These waivers may be subject to initial and ongoing conditions intended to protect our status as a REIT. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply, however, if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with such restriction is no longer required in order for us to so qualify as a REIT. 
 
 These restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock may, among other things: discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests; or result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 
 The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to be a REIT, we will not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and state and local taxes, which may have adverse consequences on our total return to our stockholders. 
 
 If a transaction intended to qualify as a 1031 Exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax-deferred basis. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

In order to avoid potentially significant taxable gains upon the sale of properties that no longer meet our investment criteria, we intend to dispose of properties in 1031 Exchanges. The ability to complete a 1031 Exchange depends on many factors, including, among others, identifying and acquiring suitable replacement property within limited time periods, and the ownership structure of the properties being sold and acquired. Therefore, we are not always able to sell an asset as part of a 1031 Exchange. When successful, a 1031 Exchange enables us to defer the taxable gain on the asset sold. It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a 1031 Exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable. In such case, our taxable income and earnings and profits would increase. This could increase the dividend income to our stockholders by reducing any return of capital they received. In some circumstances, we may be required to pay additional dividends or, in lieu of that, U.S. federal corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. In addition, such recharacterization could result in such property sale, and potentially other property sales, being subject to the 100 penalty tax on net income from prohibited transactions. As a result, we may be required to borrow funds in order to pay additional dividends or taxes, and the payment of such taxes could cause us to have less cash available to distribute to our stockholders. In addition, if a 1031 Exchange were later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent our stockholders. Moreover, it is possible that legislation could be enacted that could modify or repeal the laws with respect to 1031 Exchanges, which could make it more difficult or impossible for us to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge our liabilities effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction we enter into to manage the risk of interest rate changes, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets, or from certain terminations of such hedging positions, if properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations, does not constitute gross income for purposes of both income tests that apply to REITs. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions will likely be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRSs would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in any TRS in which we own an interest will generally not provide any tax benefit, except that such losses could theoretically be carried forward against future taxable income in such TRS. 
 
 The U.S. federal income tax treatment of the cash that we might receive from cash settlement of the forward sale agreement is unclear and could jeopardize our ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. 
 
 In the event that we elect to settle a forward sale agreement for cash and the settlement price is below the applicable forward sale price, we would be entitled to receive a cash payment from the applicable forward purchaser. Under Section 1032 of the Code, generally, no gain or loss is recognized by a corporation when it deals in its own shares, including pursuant to a securities futures contract, as defined in the Code by reference to the Exchange Act. Although we believe that any amount received by us in exchange for our stock would qualify for the exemption under Section 1032 of the Code, because it is not entirely clear whether each forward sale agreement qualifies as a securities futures contract, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of any cash settlement payment we receive is uncertain. In the event that we recognize a significant gain from the cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, we might not be able to satisfy the gross income requirements applicable to REITs under the Code. In that case, we may be able to rely upon the relief provisions under the Code in order to avoid the loss of our REIT status. Even if the relief provisions apply, we will be subject to a 100 tax on the greater of (i) the excess of 75 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) over the amount of such income attributable to sources that qualify under the 75 test or (ii) the excess of 95 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) over the amount of such gross income attributable to sources that qualify under the 95 test, multiplied in either case by a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. In the event that these relief provisions were not available, we could lose our REIT status under the Code. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of our income and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. In particular, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of our investment in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 securities (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities, securities of TRSs and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. We may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under the statutory relief provisions. We also may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. As a result, having to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms; or (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. Accordingly, satisfying the REIT requirements could materially and adversely affect us. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to REITs or may be subject to a 100 tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. 
 
 Our ownership of and relationship with our TRSs will be limited, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may hold assets and earn income that would not be qualifying assets or income if held or earned directly by a REIT. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT's assets may consist of securities of one or more TRSs. A TRS will typically pay federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the Code imposes a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are treated as not being conducted on an arm's-length basis. Our TRSs will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but is not required to be distributed to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the 20 limitation discussed above or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 
 New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 The U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The U.S. federal income tax rules dealing with REITs are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which could result in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. 
 
 There can be no assurance that future changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulatory changes will not be proposed or enacted that could impact our business and financial results. If enacted, certain of such changes could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent any new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will impact the real estate investment industry or REITs. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding potential future changes to the U.S. federal tax laws on an investment in our stock. 
 
 Liabilities arising under environmental laws may materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The properties we own or have owned in the past may subject us to known and unknown environmental liabilities. We typically obtain Phase I environmental site assessments on all properties we finance or acquire. However, the Phase I environmental site assessments are limited in scope and therefore may not reveal all environmental conditions affecting a property. Under various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from environmental matters, including the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste or petroleum products at, on, in, under or migrating from such property, including costs to investigate or clean up such contamination and liability for personal injury, property damage or harm to natural resources. If environmental contamination exists on our properties, we could be subject to strict, joint and/or several liability for the contamination by virtue of our ownership interest; we may face liability regardless of our knowledge of the contamination, the timing of the contamination, the cause of the contamination, or the party responsible for the contamination of the property. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 If our environmental liability insurance is inadequate, we may become subject to material losses for environmental liabilities. Although our leases generally require our tenants to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and to indemnify us against any environmental liabilities arising from a tenant's activities on the property, we could be subject to strict liability by virtue of our ownership interest. We cannot be sure that our tenants will, or will be able to, satisfy their indemnification obligations, if any, under our leases. Furthermore, the discovery of environmental liabilities on any of our properties could lead to significant remediation costs or to other liabilities or obligations attributable to the tenant of that property or could result in material interference with the ability of our tenants to operate their businesses as currently operated. Noncompliance with environmental laws or discovery of environmental liabilities could each individually or collectively affect such tenant's ability to make payments to us, including rental payments and, where applicable, indemnification payments. Additionally, the known or potential presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or improve the property or to borrow using the property as collateral. Environmental laws may also create liens on contaminated properties in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which they may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. 
 We are subject to various environmental laws that regulate the presence of asbestos containing materials (ACM), vapor intrusion, lead-based paint and other hazardous materials. Such laws may impose fines, penalties, or other obligations for failure to comply with these requirements or expose us to third-party liability. 
 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 
 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, or moisture otherwise occurs within a building or building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may be toxic and produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, should our tenants or their employees or customers be exposed to mold at any of our properties we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property. In addition, exposure to mold by our tenants or others could subject us to liability if property damage or health concerns arise. If we were to become subject to significant mold-related liabilities, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and fire, safety and other regulations may require us to make unanticipated expenditures that materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our properties are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, fire and safety regulations, building codes and other regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in imposition of fines by the government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both. While our tenants are obligated by law to comply with the ADA and typically obligated under our leases to cover costs associated with compliance with the ADA and other property regulations, if required changes involve greater expenditures than anticipated or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of our tenants to cover costs could be adversely affected, and we could be required to expend our own funds to comply with applicable law and regulation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders and provide that claims relating to causes of action under the Securities Act may only be brought in federal district courts, which could limit stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees and could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (other than actions arising under federal securities laws), (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws or (e) any other action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These choice of forum provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any claim arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, the exclusive forum provisions described above do not apply to any actions brought under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Therefore, our directors and officers will be subject to monetary liability resulting only from: actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that is established by a final judgment and is being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 As a result, we and our stockholders have rights against our directors and officers that are more limited than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, stockholders and our ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. In addition, our charter requires us to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and certain other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 We are a holding company with no direct operations and we rely on funds received from our operating partnership to pay liabilities. 
 
 We are a holding company and we conduct substantially all of our operations through our operating partnership. We do not have, apart from an interest in our operating partnership, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our operating partnership to pay any dividends and other distributions we might declare on shares of our common stock. We also rely on distributions from our operating partnership to meet any of our obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to us from our operating partnership. In addition, because we are a holding company, your claims as stockholders will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our operating partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our operating partnership and its subsidiaries will be able to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our and our operating partnership's and its subsidiaries' liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of properties or otherwise, we may issue units of our operating partnership to third parties. Such issuances would reduce our ownership in our operating partnership. Because you will not directly own units of our operating partnership, you will not have any voting rights with respect to any such issuances or other partnership level activities of our operating partnership. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of OP units, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. 
 
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our operating partnership or any future partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable Maryland law in connection with the management of our company. At the same time, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, NETSTREIT GP, LLC, as the general partner of our operating partnership, has fiduciary duties and obligations to our operating partnership and its limited partners under Delaware law and the partnership agreement of our operating partnership in connection with the management of our operating partnership. The fiduciary duties and obligations of NETSTREIT GP, LLC, as the general partner of our operating partnership, and its limited partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our company. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Under the terms of the partnership agreement of our operating partnership, if there is a conflict between the interests of our stockholders on one hand and any limited partners on the other, we will endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or any limited partners; provided, however, that any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or any limited partners must be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 
 
 The partnership agreement of our operating partnership also provides that the general partner will not be liable to our operating partnership, its partners or any other person bound by the partnership agreement for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived by our operating partnership or any limited partner, except for liability for the general partner's intentional harm or gross negligence. Moreover, the partnership agreement of our operating partnership provides that our operating partnership is required to indemnify the general partner and its members, managers, managing members, officers, employees, agents and designees from and against any and all claims that relate to the operations of our operating partnership, except (i) if the act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the action and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active or deliberate dishonesty, (ii) for any transaction for which the indemnified party received an improper personal benefit, in money, property or services or otherwise in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement or (iii) in the case of a criminal proceeding, if the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 There are no unresolved staff comments. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 105 single-tenant retail net lease properties with an aggregate purchase price of 424.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, our diversified portfolio consisted of 427 single-tenant retail net leased properties spanning 43 states, with 80 different tenants represented across 25 retail sectors. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 8.5 million square feet and was 100 occupied. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio generated ABR of 99.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio had a WALT of 9.5 years and consisted of approximately 63 and 17 of investment grade tenants and investment grade profile tenants, respectively, by ABR. As of December 31, 2022, none of our tenants represented more than 10.1 of our portfolio by ABR, and our top 10 largest tenants represented in aggregate 50.9 of our ABR. Eight of our top 10 tenants are publicly traded companies and nine have investment grade credit ratings, in addition to Hobby Lobby, an investment grade profile tenant. 
 
 Tenant Diversification 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 427 properties were operated by 80 different tenants, each representing a distinct brand or concept, with no one tenant representing more than 10.1 of our portfolio by ABR. The following table details information about our tenants as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Tenant (1) 
 Number of Properties Square Feet ABR of ABR ABR per Square Foot Weighted Average Lease Term (2) 
 CVS Health Corporation 32 391,097 9,971 10.1 25.50 13.0 Walgreen Co. 22 324,851 6,428 6.5 19.79 11.8 Dollar General Corporation 63 614,436 6,199 6.2 10.09 9.3 Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. 14 767,816 5,468 5.5 7.12 9.8 7-Eleven, Inc. 20 69,968 4,611 4.6 65.90 12.8 Advance Stores Company, Inc. (Advance Auto Parts) 40 286,706 3,900 3.9 13.60 8.6 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 6 813,688 3,770 3.8 4.63 6.8 Lowe's Companies, Inc. 4 501,771 3,578 3.6 7.13 11.2 Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. / Family Dollar Stores, Inc. 33 318,479 3,367 3.4 10.57 6.1 Best Buy Stores, L.P. 6 285,495 3,211 3.2 11.25 4.5 Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (Food Lion / Stop Shop) 5 246,941 3,000 3.0 12.15 6.3 MDSFEST, Inc. (Festival Foods) 2 201,527 2,719 2.7 13.49 14.9 Floor D cor Outlets of America, Inc. 2 164,770 2,615 2.6 15.87 10.3 Big Lots Stores, Inc. / PNS Stores, Inc. (Big Lots) 10 372,948 2,543 2.6 6.82 7.8 Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Inc. 10 373,976 2,435 2.5 6.51 7.3 Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 4 213,830 2,356 2.4 11.02 8.7 Home Depot U.S.A, Inc. 2 228,362 1,944 2.0 8.51 4.7 Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc. 13 259,303 1,884 1.9 7.26 6.2 Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. 1 81,780 1,636 1.6 20.00 10.1 Tractor Supply Company 7 172,446 1,596 1.6 9.25 10.5 Top 20 Subtotal 296 6,690,190 73,231 73.8 10.95 9.7 Other 131 1,780,304 25,952 26.2 14.58 9.1 Total / Weighted Average (2) 
 427 8,470,494 99,183 100 11.71 9.5 
 
 (1) Represents tenant or guarantor. 
 (2) Weighted by ABR. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Tenant Industry Diversification 
 
 The majority of our portfolio is comprised of properties leased to tenants operating in defensive retail industries, with 86.2 of our ABR as of December 31, 2022 coming from necessity, service-oriented, and/or discount industries. Necessity-based industries are those that are considered essential by consumers and include sectors such as home improvement, auto parts, drug stores, general retail, and grocers. Service-oriented industries consist of retailers that provide services rather than goods, including, for example, convenience stores, quick service and casual dining restaurants, and tire and auto services. Discount retailers offer a low price point and consist of off-price and dollar stores. 
 
 The breakdown of our necessity-based retail, service-oriented, discount-focused, and other, non-defensive retail industries by sector and by percentage of ABR as of December 31, 2022 is set forth below (dollars in thousands): 
 
 ABR (1) 
 Gross Leasable Area Tenant Industry and Sector Number of Leases Dollars of Total Square Feet of Total Necessity-Based Retail Drug Stores Pharmacies (2) 
 54 16,399 16.5 715,948 8.5 Grocery 23 12,760 12.9 1,124,125 13.3 Home Improvement (2) 
 33 11,969 12.1 1,281,342 15.1 Auto Parts 61 5,526 5.6 481,156 5.7 General Retail 6 3,708 3.7 829,233 9.8 Healthcare 12 2,352 2.4 87,126 1.0 Farm Supplies 7 1,596 1.6 172,446 2.0 Banking 3 457 0.5 9,668 0.1 Wholesale Warehouse Club 1 417 0.4 110,858 1.3 Total Necessity-Based Retail 200 55,185 55.6 4,811,902 56.8 Service-Oriented Industry Convenience Stores 24 5,353 5.4 95,070 1.1 Quick Service Restaurants 18 2,923 2.9 52,778 0.6 Automotive Service 15 1,634 1.6 95,557 1.1 Health and Fitness 1 985 1.0 33,616 0.4 Casual Dining 5 767 0.8 25,790 0.3 Equipment Rental and Leasing 5 679 0.7 49,275 0.6 Total Service-Oriented Industry 68 12,342 12.4 352,086 4.2 Discount-Focused Industry Dollar Stores (2) 
 96 9,566 9.6 932,915 11.0 Discount Retail (2) 
 32 8,357 8.4 1,093,487 12.9 Total Discount-Focused Industry 128 17,923 18.1 2,026,402 23.9 Defensive Retail Industries 396 85,450 86.2 7,190,390 84.9 Other, Non-Defensive Industries Arts Crafts 14 5,468 5.5 767,814 9.1 Consumer Electronics 6 3,211 3.2 285,495 3.4 Specialty 2 1,719 1.7 46,593 0.6 Sporting Goods 1 1,636 1.6 81,780 1.0 Furniture Stores 2 885 0.9 47,101 0.6 Apparel 4 481 0.5 39,126 0.5 Gift, Novelty, and Souvenir Shops 1 200 0.2 8,081 0.1 Home Furnishings 1 134 0.1 4,114 Total Other, Non-Defensive 31 13,733 13.8 1,280,104 15.1 Total, All Industries 427 99,183 100.0 8,470,494 100.0 
 
 (1) Certain figures in this table may not foot due to rounding. 
 (2) The Home Improvement industry has two properties and the Drug Stores Pharmacies, Dollar Stores, and Discount Retail industries all have one property that reside in NETSTREIT Management TRS, LLC NETSTREIT TRS ), representing an aggregate of approximately 1.1 of ABR. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Geographic Diversification 
 
 The following table presents ABR by state for our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 ABR Gross Leasable Area Tenant State Number of Leases Dollars of Total Square Feet of Total Illinois 23 8,663 8.7 536,614 6.3 Texas 35 8,022 8.1 433,723 5.1 Wisconsin 21 6,874 6.9 701,272 8.3 Georgia 28 5,949 6.0 727,868 8.6 Virginia 9 5,674 5.7 256,267 3.0 Ohio 33 5,427 5.5 621,721 7.3 Pennsylvania 23 5,102 5.1 364,305 4.3 New York 16 4,674 4.7 529,016 6.2 Louisiana 10 4,187 4.2 333,184 3.9 California 13 4,174 4.2 190,390 2.2 Indiana 18 4,126 4.2 315,248 3.7 Michigan 19 3,616 3.6 376,498 4.4 Mississippi 14 3,203 3.2 445,102 5.3 Alabama 18 3,119 3.1 236,266 2.8 Florida 17 2,507 2.5 121,810 1.4 North Carolina 11 2,277 2.3 321,469 3.8 Arizona 5 1,837 1.9 161,661 1.9 New Mexico 7 1,516 1.5 86,726 1.0 Washington 3 1,399 1.4 116,222 1.4 Nevada 6 1,379 1.4 135,547 1.6 Other (1) 
 98 15,458 15.6 1,459,585 17.2 Total 427 99,183 100.0 8,470,494 100.0 
 
 (1) Includes 23 states each generating less than 1.38 of annualized base rent. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Terms and Expirations 
 
 Our leases typically have initial lease terms of approximately 10 years and contain two or more options for the tenant to extend the lease term, most often for additional five-year periods. As of December 31, 2022, the leases in our portfolio had a WALT of 9.5 years, with no lease expiring prior to September 2024. The following table illustrates contractual lease expirations within the Company's portfolio as of December 31, 2022, assuming no exercise of contractual extension options (dollars in thousands): 
 
 ABR Gross Leasable Area Year Number of Leases Dollars of Total Square Feet of Total 2023 2024 2 293 0.3 34,820 0.4 2025 10 2,826 2.8 376,674 4.4 2026 16 3,099 3.1 331,751 3.9 2027 21 5,145 5.2 474,863 5.6 2028 36 7,295 7.4 756,144 8.9 2029 53 8,169 8.2 708,273 8.4 2030 41 9,870 10.0 1,055,336 12.5 2031 66 12,353 12.5 1,204,370 14.2 2032 33 9,052 9.1 1,280,409 15.1 2033 27 5,224 5.3 349,619 4.1 2034 26 9,591 9.7 338,916 4.0 2035 23 8,206 8.3 428,117 5.1 2036 27 5,894 5.9 328,062 3.9 2037 29 7,589 7.7 613,634 7.2 Thereafter 17 4,578 4.6 189,506 2.2 Total 427 99,183 100.0 8,470,494 100.0 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Developments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 12 development projects completed or under construction. Actual and anticipated total costs for these projects are approximately 51.8 million and are included in the following completed or commenced projects: 
 
 Tenant Industry Land Acquired Location Lease Structure Lease Term Actual or Anticipated Rent Commencement Status Discount Retail 5/18/2021 Fond Du Lac, WI Build-to-Suit 10 years 1/1/2022 Complete Home Improvement 7/8/2021 Sioux Falls, SD Build-to-Suit 12 years 3/19/2022 Complete Arts Crafts 5/18/2021 Fond Du Lac, WI Build-to-Suit 10 years 5/16/2022 Complete Discount Retail 2/8/2021 Yuma, AZ Build-to-Suit 10 years 6/14/2022 Complete Dollar Stores 11/12/2021 Woodland, AL Build-to-Suit 10 years 8/1/2022 Complete Discount Retail 12/3/2021 Sheboygan, WI Build-to-Suit 10 years 10/27/2022 Complete Arts Crafts 12/3/2021 Sheboygan, WI Build-to-Suit 10 years Second quarter 2023 Complete Arts Crafts 12/29/2021 D'Iberville, MS Build-to-Suit 15 years First quarter 2023 Under Construction Arts Crafts 12/30/2021 Winder, GA Build-to-Suit 15 years First quarter 2023 Under Construction Discount Retail 3/30/2022 Alpena, MI Build-to-Suit 10 years Third quarter 2023 Under Construction Home Improvement 10/24/2022 Bossier City, LA Build-to-Suit 12 years Third quarter 2023 Under Construction TBD (1) 
 8/23/2021 Sumter, SC Redevelopment TBD TBD Redevelopment Property 
 
 (1) In August 2021, we acquired an undeveloped property with the intent to develop and lease to an identified tenant at acquisition. The build-to-suit agreement was terminated in 2021 and we have made efforts to identify a new tenant. As of December 31, 2022, we have identified a new tenant and are in build-to-suit lease negotiations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently subject to any lawsuits, claims, or other legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock, Holders of Record, and Distribution Policy 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol NTST. As of February 21, 2023 there were 58,031,879 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding which were held by approximately 42 stockholders of record. In addition, as of February 21, 2023 there were 513,467 outstanding Class A units of limited partnership of the operating partnership Class A OP Units which are convertible into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. In addition, there are no remaining Class B units of limited partnership of the operating partnership Class B OP Units ), which have all been converted into shares of our common stock prior to 2022. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to pay regular quarterly dividends to our stockholders, although all future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors, and their form, timing and amount, if any, will depend upon a number of factors, including our actual and projected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition, our REIT taxable income, the annual REIT distribution requirements, applicable law, including restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we declared and paid the following common stock dividends (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Declaration Date Dividend Per Share Record Date Total Amount Payment Date February 2, 2022 0.20 March 15, 2022 8,888 March 30, 2022 April 26, 2022 0.20 June 1, 2022 9,588 June 15, 2022 July 26, 2022 0.20 September 1, 2022 10,073 September 15, 2022 October 25, 2022 0.20 December 1, 2022 10,984 December 15, 2022 0.80 39,533 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Declaration Date Dividend Per Share Record Date Total Amount Payment Date March 3, 2021 0.20 March 15, 2021 5,687 March 30, 2021 April 27, 2021 0.20 June 1, 2021 7,890 June 15, 2021 July 27, 2021 0.20 September 1, 2021 7,916 September 15, 2021 October 26, 2021 0.20 December 1, 2021 8,702 December 15, 2021 0.80 30,195 
 
 The holders of OP Units are entitled to an equal distribution per each OP Unit held as of each record date. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return based on the market price of our common stock, assuming dividends are reinvested, with the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Index S P 500 and the NAREIT US Equity REIT Index for the period beginning August 13, 2020 (the date our common stock began trading on the NYSE exchange) and ending December 31, 2022. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on August 13, 2020. 

Period Ending Index 8/13/2020 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 NETSTREIT Corp. 100.00 111.58 136.05 113.24 S P 500 100.00 112.05 144.21 118.08 NAREIT US EQUITY REIT Index 100.00 106.04 149.84 112.46 
 
 The information above shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item 201 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the Business section as well as the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this report, including information with respect to our plans and strategies for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read Item 1A. Risk Factors and the Forward-Looking Statements section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Also refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022, for additional discussion of our financial condition and results of operations, including a comparison of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Business Overview 
 
 We are an internally managed real estate company that acquires, owns and manages a diversified portfolio of single-tenant, retail commercial real estate subject to long-term net leases with high credit quality tenants across the United States. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 427 single-tenant retail net leased properties that were diversified by tenant, industry and geography, including 80 different tenants, across 25 retail sectors in 43 states. We focus on tenants in industries where a physical location is critical to the generation of sales and profits, with a focus on necessity goods and essential services in the retail sector, including home improvement, auto parts, drug stores and pharmacies, general retail, grocers, convenience stores, discount stores, and quick-service restaurants, all of which we refer to as defensive retail industries. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was 100 occupied and generated ABR of 99.2 million with a weighted average remaining lease term WALT of 9.5 years, which we believe provides us with a strong stable source of recurring cash flow from our portfolio. Approximately 63 of our ABR is from investment grade credit rated tenants and an additional 17 of our ABR is derived from tenants with an investment grade profile. 
 
 2022 Debt Refinancing Transaction 
 
 On August 11, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement related to our sustainability-linked senior unsecured credit facility consisting of (i) a 200.0 million senior unsecured term loan (the 2028 Term Loan and (ii) a 400.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Revolver and together with the 2028 Term Loan, the New Credit Facility ). The New Credit Facility may be increased by 400.0 million in the aggregate. 
 
 The New Revolver refinanced and upsized our existing 250.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility Prior Revolver pursuant to the credit agreement, dated as of December 23, 2019, governing such facility (the Prior Credit Agreement ). 
 
 We used the proceeds from the borrowings made on the closing date to repay in full our Prior Revolver. The remaining and future proceeds of the loans under the New Credit Facility will be used by us and our subsidiaries for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. Our 175.0 million senior unsecured term loan 2024 Term Loan under the Prior Credit Agreement, which matures in December 2024, remained outstanding upon the closing of the New Credit Facility. 
 
 The 2028 Term Loan matures on February 11, 2028 and the New Revolver matures on August 11, 2026, subject to extension of up to one year. Borrowings under the New Credit Facility are repayable at our option in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Borrowings under the New Revolver may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time prior to the maturity date. 
 
 January 2022 Follow-On Offering 
 
 On January 13, 2022, we completed a registered public offering of 10,350,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 22.25 per share. In connection with the offering, we entered into forward sale agreements for 10,350,000 shares of our common stock. As of September 29, 2022, we had fully physically settled the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) throughout 2022 at a price of 22.25 per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. We received net proceeds from the settlement of the forward sale agreements of 215.5 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of 14.8 million. 
 
 August 2022 Follow-On Offering 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we completed a registered public offering of 10,350,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 20.20 per share. In connection with the offering, we entered into forward sale agreements for 10,350,000 shares of common stock. We did not initially receive any proceeds from the sales of shares of common stock by the forward purchasers upon registration of the offering. We may physically settle the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) and receive proceeds from the sale of those shares upon one or more forward settlement dates, which shall occur no later than August 3, 2023. We may, at our election, cash settle or net share settle all or a portion of our obligations under a forward sale agreement if we conclude it is in our best interest to do so over the prescribed offering period. If we elect to cash settle a forward sale agreement, we may not receive any proceeds and may owe cash to the relevant forward counterparty in certain circumstances. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, we settled 2,973,944 shares of common stock at a price of 20.20 per share in connection with the forward sale agreements. We received net proceeds from the settlement of 56.7 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of 3.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, 7,376,056 shares remained unsettled under the forward sale agreements. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ATM Program 
 
 On September 1, 2021, we entered into a 250.0 million at-the-market equity program (the ATM Program through which, from time to time, we may sell shares of its common stock in registered transactions. During 2022, we issued 276,060 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 21.02 per share in connection with the ATM Program for net proceeds of approximately 5.5 million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of 0.3 million. In aggregate, we have issued 4,128,496 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 23.21 per share in connection with the ATM Program for net proceeds of approximately 94.5 million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of 1.3 million. We have 154.2 million remaining gross proceeds available for future issuances of shares of our common stock under the ATM Program. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Overall 
 
 We continued to grow our assets held for investment during 2022 by increasing our property portfolio from 328 properties as of December 31, 2021 to 430 properties as of the end of December 31, 2022. This includes five real estate development projects owned by the Company and two properties fully collateralized by investments in mortgage loans receivable. This growth was financed through the settlement of shares of common stock through our forward sale agreements in an amount of 272.2 million, the issuance of common stock under the ATM Program in an amount of 5.5 million and net borrowings of 185.0 million on our revolving credit facilities during 2022. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During 2022, we acquired 105 properties for a total purchase price of 424.8 million, inclusive of 4.2 million of capitalized acquisition costs. 
 
 The acquisitions were all accounted for as asset acquisitions. These properties are located in 29 states with a WALT of approximately 10.6 years. The underwritten weighted-average capitalization rate on our year to date acquisitions was approximately 6.6 . 
 
 Development 
 
 During 2022, we invested 22.0 million in our property developments, including the acquisition of two new build-to-suit projects with an initial purchase price of 1.8 million. In addition, we completed development on six projects and reclassified approximately 23.1 million from property under development to land, building, and improvements in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The remaining five developments are expected to be substantially completed with rent commencing at various points throughout 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The purchase price, including acquisitions costs, and subsequent development are included in property under development in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. The underwritten weighted-average capitalization rate on our year to date completed developments was approximately 6.7 . 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 During 2022, we sold seven properties for a total sales price, net of disposal costs, of 25.5 million, recognizing a gain of 4.1 million. 
 
 Investment in Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 
 On January 26, 2022, we executed a fully collateralized 40.3 million loan receivable with a stated interest rate of 6.0 . The scheduled maturity date is July 26, 2023, however we have the right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to purchase a portion of the underlying collateralized property. The loan receivable is collateralized by real estate that is leased by three separate investment-grade tenants. The funds provided under the loan, in addition to loan origination costs of 0.1 million, are included in loans receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On June 30, 2022, we executed a fully collateralized 6.0 million loan receivable with a stated interest rate of 6.5 . The scheduled maturity date is June 30, 2023, however the Company has the right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to purchase the underlying collateralized properties. The loan receivable is collateralized by real estate that is leased by two separate tenants, one of which is an investment grade profile tenant. The funds provided under the loan, in addition to loan 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 origination costs of less than 0.1 million, are included in loans receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Economic and Financial Environment 
 
 The average inflation rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 6.5 which is a near 40-year high. While the Federal Reserve has been continuing to raise interest rates in an effort to lower inflation, the pace at which it may continue to do so is unclear leading to uncertainties in the financing market and a volatile economy. 
 
 In the commercial real estate market, property prices generally continue to fluctuate which may impact our investment capitalization rates and operating costs. Likewise, during certain periods, including the current market, the credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations, and liquidity disruptions, which may impact our access to and cost of capital. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating results for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Rental revenue (including reimbursable) 93,934 59,140 Interest income on loans receivable 2,345 Total revenues 96,279 59,140 Operating expenses Property 11,695 5,803 General and administrative 19,053 14,810 Depreciation and amortization 50,075 30,807 Provisions for impairment 1,114 3,539 Transaction costs 839 700 Total operating expenses 82,776 55,659 Other income (expense) Interest expense, net (9,181) (3,700) Gain on sales of real estate, net 4,148 2,997 Other income, net 131 431 Total other expense, net (4,902) (272) Net income before income taxes 8,601 3,209 Income tax expense (396) (59) Net income 8,205 3,150 
 
 Revenue. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 37.2 million to 96.3 million from 59.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is primarily due to an increase in the real estate portfolio from 318 operating properties as of January 1, 2021 to 423 operating properties as of December 31, 2022. The increase includes an increase in cash rental receipts of 28.4 million, combined with net increases of property expense reimbursements of 5.5 million, of which 2.5 million, 2.4 million, and 0.6 million was related to estimated tax reimbursements, estimated common area maintenance reimbursements, and estimated insurance reimbursements, respectively. Additionally, the increase includes a 0.6 million increase related to straight-line rental revenue, an increase of 0.6 million related to amortization of above- and below-market lease related intangible assets, offset by a decrease of 0.4 million related to amortization of lease incentives. Lastly, 2.3 million relates to an increase of interest income on mortgage loans receivable. 
 
 Total Operating Expenses. Total expenses increased by 27.1 million to 82.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 55.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating expenses is primarily attributed to the increase in the number of operating properties, with the most significant increases being depreciation and amortization expense, property-specific reimbursable and non-reimbursable expenses, stock-based compensation, payroll and severance costs, and other general and administrative expenses associated with our growth, offset by a decrease in provisions for impairment. Total operating expenses include the following: 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Property Expenses. Property expenses increased 5.9 million to 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to the increase in the real estate portfolio from 318 to 423 operating properties, including combined net increases of reimbursable property expenses of 4.6 million, of which 2.5 million, 1.5 million, and 0.6 million was related to reimbursable property taxes, reimbursable common area maintenance costs and reimbursable insurance costs, respectively. Additionally, the increase includes combined net increases of non-reimbursable property expenses of 1.0 million, of which 0.6 million was related to common area maintenance costs. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses increased 4.3 million to 19.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 14.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to a net increase in stock-based compensation expense of 1.1 million, which includes 0.7 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with the accelerated vesting of certain restricted stock units held by the former Chief Financial Officer, offset by a decrease of 0.7 million of stock-based compensation expense due to forfeiture of certain restricted stock units held by the former Chief Financial Officer upon his resignation. Additionally, the increase includes an increase of 0.9 million related to payroll expenses associated with increased headcount, an increase of 0.8 million associated with severance paid upon resignation of the former Chief Financial Officer, an increase of 0.4 million of corporate office rent, and a combined net increase of 1.5 million associated with other general expenses which include professional, legal, and consulting services, travel, recruiting, and other costs, offset by a 0.3 million reduction in bonus expense. While our general and administrative expenses will continue to rise in some measure as our portfolio grows, we expect that such expenses as a percentage of our portfolio will decrease over time due to efficiencies and economies of scale. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 19.3 million to 50.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 30.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in depreciation and amortization is proportionate to the increase in the size of the portfolio over the comparable period with associated increases in building depreciation expense of 8.5 million, in-place lease amortization expense of 6.5 million, building improvements depreciation expense of 3.6 million, leasehold improvement depreciation expense of 0.5 million, and other corporate assets depreciation expense of 0.2 million. 
 
 Provisions for impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for impairment of 1.1 million on one property which was also sold during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded provisions for impairment of 3.5 million on three properties, all of which were previously classified as held-for-sale and sold before December 31, 2021. These impairments and subsequent disposals relate to our plan of strategically identifying properties that can be re-leased or disposed of in an effort to improve returns and manage risk exposure. 
 
 Transaction costs. Transaction costs increased by 0.1 million to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily relates to increases in costs incurred for abandoned acquisitions. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased by 5.5 million to 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Notwithstanding the rising interest rates, an increase of 1.8 million is attributed to the increase in the average balances outstanding under the Prior Revolver, an increase of 1.1 million and 3.0 million is attributed to interest incurred under the New Revolver and 2028 Term Loan, respectively, as a result of the New Credit Agreement, an increase of 0.2 million is attributed to deferred financing cost amortization as a result of the New Credit Facility and an increase of 0.1 million is attributed to interest incurred under the mortgage note payable. This is offset by 0.4 million less of facility fees incurred for unused capacity and 0.3 million of increased capitalized interest on our property developments. 
 
 Gain on sales of real estate, net. Net gain on sales of real estate increased by 1.1 million to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The table below summarizes the properties sold for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Number of properties sold 7 9 Sales price, net of disposal costs 25,515 31,119 Gain on sales of real estate, net 4,148 2,997 
 
 Other income, net. The change in other income, net is primarily related to the 0.4 million loss recorded in 2021 as a result of property damage sustained from Hurricane Ida, which was offset by insurance proceeds received of 0.8 million, all of which occurred in the prior year. Additionally, approximately 0.1 million of property damages were recorded in the current year. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax expense. Income tax expense increased by 0.3 million for year ended December 31, 2022. The increase relates to provisions for federal and state income taxes on the financial results of NETSTREIT Management TRS, LLC NETSTREIT TRS ). 
 
 Net Income. Net income increased 5.0 million to 8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income increased primarily due to the growth in the size of our real estate investment portfolio, which generated additional rental revenues, including interest income associated with our mortgage loans receivable, in addition to decreases in provisions for impairment, offset by the impact of increases in depreciation and amortization expenses, increases in interest expense, and increases in general and administrative expenses, as set forth above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary capital requirements are to fund property acquisitions and required interest payments, as well as working capital needs, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Our capital resources primarily consist of cash from operations, sales of equity securities and borrowings under our 2024 Term Loan, 2028 Term Loan and New Revolver. As of December 31, 2022, we had 175.0 million outstanding principal amount of the 2024 Term Loan, 200.0 million outstanding principal amount of the 2028 Term Loan, and 113.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our New Revolver. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we had 7,376,056 shares that were unsettled under open forward equity contracts. We believe that the availability of proceeds from future issuances of shares of our common stock under the ATM Program and the physical settlement of forward sales of our common stock, coupled with our cash flows from operations and available borrowing capacity under the New Revolver, will be adequate to support our ongoing operations and to fund our debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital for at least the next 12 months. We anticipate funding our long-term capital needs through cash provided from operations, borrowings under our New Revolver and issuances of common stock, including settlement of existing forward sales agreements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our contractual debt obligations primarily include the maturity of our 2024 Term Loan with the scheduled principal payment due on December 23, 2024, the maturity of our 2028 Term Loan with the scheduled principal payment due on February 11, 2028, and repayment of borrowings on our New Revolver with a maturity of August 11, 2026. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we borrowed 515.0 million on our revolving credit facilities at a weighted average interest rate of 2.59 , of which 32.0 million was borrowed from the New Revolver to fully pay down the Prior Revolver, with remaining borrowings used to fund specifically identified property acquisitions. We also repaid 466.0 million on our revolving credit facilities, of which 200.0 million was used from the proceeds received in connection with the 2028 Term Loan. 
 The following table provides information with respect to our debt obligations and other commitments as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 
 Payment Due by Period Total Less than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years Thereafter Contractual Obligations 2024 Term Loan Principal 175,000 175,000 Term Loan Variable interest (1) 
 4,700 2,376 2,324 New Revolver Borrowings 113,000 113,000 New Revolver Variable interest 22,112 6,124 12,247 3,741 Facility Fee (2) 
 2,167 600 1,200 367 2028 Term Loan Principal 200,000 200,000 2028 Term Loan Variable Interest (3) 
 39,696 7,761 15,522 15,522 891 Mortgage Note Principal 8,498 155 332 8,011 Mortgage Note Interest 1,805 382 742 681 Property development under contract 10,150 10,150 Tenant Improvement Allowances 4,089 2,726 1,363 Corporate office lease obligations 6,420 533 1,253 1,323 3,311 Total 587,637 30,807 209,983 142,645 204,202 
 38 

Table of Contents 

(1) Effective September 28, 2020, we entered into four interest rate hedges to fix the base interest rate (one-month LIBOR) on our 2024 Term Loan. Accordingly, the projected interest rate obligations for the variable rate 2024 Term Loan are based on the hedged fixed rate of 0.21 compared to the variable 2024 Term Loan one-month LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2022 of 4.12 , plus the applicable margin of 1.15 based on the 175.0 million 2024 Term Loan outstanding through the maturity date of December 23, 2024. 
 (2) We are subject to a facility fee of 0.15 on our New Revolver. 
 (3) Effective August 11, 2022, we entered into three interest rate hedges to fix the base interest rate (one-month SOFR) on our 2028 Term Loan. Accordingly, the projected interest rate obligations for the variable rate 2028 Term Loan are based on the hedged fixed rate of 2.63 compared to the variable 2028 Term Loan one-month SOFR rate as of December 31, 2022 of 4.12 , plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 and applicable margin of 1.15 based on the 200.0 million 2028 Term Loan outstanding through the maturity date of February 11, 2028. 
 
 In August 2021, we entered into a lease agreement on a new corporate office space, which is classified as an operating lease. We began operating out of the new office in February 2022. The lease has an initial noncancellable term of 10.3 years that expires on July 31, 2032 and is renewable at our option for two additional periods of five years. Future minimum base rental payments under the lease are outlined in Note 3 Leases. Annual rent expense, excluding operating expenses, is approximately 0.5 million during the initial term. 
 
 Additionally, in the normal course of business, we enter into various types of commitments to purchase real estate properties or fund development projects. These commitments are generally subject to our customary due diligence process and, accordingly, a number of specific conditions must be met before the Company is obligated or receives an option to purchase the properties. As of December 31, 2022, we had commitments to fund properties under development totaling 10.2 million, all of which is expected to be funded over the next 12 months. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 On August 11, 2022, we entered into a sustainability-linked senior unsecured credit facility consisting of (i) our 200.0 million 2028 Term Loan and (ii) our 400.0 million New Revolver. The New Credit Facility may be increased by 400.0 million in the aggregate. 
 
 The New Revolver refinanced and increased the available borrowing capacity under our 250.0 million Prior Revolver pursuant to the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 
 We used the proceeds from the borrowings made on the closing date of the New Credit Facility to repay the Prior Revolver. Remaining and future borrowings under the New Revolver will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company and our subsidiaries, including acquisitions. Our 175.0 million 2024 Term Loan under the Prior Credit Agreement, which matures in December 2024, remained outstanding upon the closing of the New Credit Facility. 
 
 The 2028 Term Loan matures on February 11, 2028 and the New Revolver matures on August 11, 2026, subject to extension of up to one year. Borrowings under the New Credit Facility are repayable at our option in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Borrowings under the New Revolver may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time prior to the maturity date. 
 
 Prior to the date we obtain an investment grade rating, interest rates are based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, and are determined by (A) in the case of the 2028 Term Loan either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 , plus a margin ranging from 1.15 to 1.60 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.15 to 0.60 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio and (B) in the case of the New Revolver either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 , plus a margin ranging from 1.00 to 1.45 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to 0.45 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio. 
 
 After the date we obtain an investment grade rating, interest rates are based on our investment grade rating, and are determined by (A) in the case of the 2028 Term Loan either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 , plus a margin ranging from 0.80 to 1.60 , based on our investment grade rating, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to 0.60 , based on our investment grade rating and (B) in the case of the New Revolver either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 , plus a margin ranging from 0.725 to 1.40 , based on our investment grade rating, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to 0.40 , based on our investment grade rating. 
 
 Additionally, we will incur a facility fee based on the total commitment amount of 400.0 million under the New Revolver. Prior to the date we obtain an investment grade rating, the applicable facility fee will range from 0.15 to 0.30 based on our consolidated total leverage ratio. After the date we obtain an investment grade rating, the applicable facility fee will range from 0.125 to 0.30 based on our investment grade rating. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

The New Credit Facility also contains a sustainability-linked pricing component pursuant to which we will receive interest rate reductions up to 0.025 based on its performance against a sustainability performance target focused on the portion of our annualized base rent attributable to tenants with commitments or quantifiable targets for reduced greenhouse gas emission in accordance with the standards of the Science Based Targets initiative SBTi ). 
 
 We have also fully hedged the 2028 Term Loan with an all-in interest rate of 3.88 . Interest is payable monthly or at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The interest rate hedge is further described in Note 7 Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 In December 2019, we entered into the Prior Credit Agreement for a senior credit facility consisting of the Prior Revolver and the 2024 Term Loan (collectively, the Prior Credit Facility ). 
 
 The 2024 Term Loan matures on December 23, 2024 and the Prior Revolver was set to mature on December 23, 2023, subject to extension up to one year, prior to the Company using the proceeds from the New Credit Facility to repay the Prior Revolver in full. Interest rates under the Prior Credit Facility are based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, and are determined for the 2024 Term Loan by either (i) LIBOR, plus a margin ranging from 1.15 to 1.60 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Prior Credit Facility), plus a margin ranging from 0.15 to 0.60 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio. Interest is payable monthly or at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Effective September 28, 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate derivative contract to fix the base interest rate (one-month LIBOR) on our 2024 Term Loan. The total interest rate includes the fixed base interest rate of 0.21 plus a leverage-based margin of 1.15 . The interest rate hedge is further described in Note 7 - Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that governs the 2024 Term Loan, which conformed financial covenants and event of default materiality thresholds to align with those under the New Credit Facility and added a carve-out to the derivatives contracts negative covenant to permit forward sale transactions. 
 
 In January 2023, we executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that replaced the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Additionally, on January 30, 2023 and effective through the maturity date of December 31, 2024, we converted our four existing LIBOR swap agreements associated with the 2024 Term Loan into four new SOFR swaps that convert the SOFR variable rate to a fixed rate of 0.12 . See also Note 14 Subsequent Events LIBOR to SOFR Transition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or capital expenditures. 
 
 Historical Cash Flow Information 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 50,647 31,478 Investing activities (468,361) (430,128) Financing activities 480,654 313,610 
 
 Cash Flows Provided By Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 19.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was largely attributed to the increase in the size of the Company s real estate investment portfolio with an increase in rental receipts of 28.4 million, offset primarily by increases in operating and general and administrative expenses paid associated with our larger portfolio. 
 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities increased by 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to investments in mortgage loans receivable of 46.5 million, increases in real estate development and improvements of 2.5 million, and 5.6 million fewer proceeds received in connection with the sale of real estate. The increase is offset by 16.5 million less spent on the acquisition of real estate. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows Provided By Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 167.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributed to proceeds received upon execution of the New Credit Agreement, which included 200.0 million from the 2028 Term Loan and initial proceeds of 32.0 million from the New Revolver, all of which were used to fully pay down the Prior Revolver. The increase is further attributed to incremental net borrowings of 185.0 million under the revolving credit facilities. The increase is offset by 5.4 million less of net proceeds received from the issuance of common stock (as further described in Note 9 Shareholders Equity, Partners Capital and Preferred Equity in the Company s consolidated financial statements), 8.9 million more of dividends and distributions paid in 2022 than the prior year, and 3.8 million of deferred financing costs paid in relation to the New Credit Facility. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company elected to be treated and qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with its short taxable year ended December 31, 2019. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational, income, asset and distribution tests. Accordingly, the Company will generally not be subject to corporate U.S. federal or state income tax to the extent that it makes qualifying distributions of all of its taxable income to its stockholders and provided it satisfies on a continuing basis, through actual investment and operating results, the REIT requirements, including certain asset, income, distribution and share ownership tests. The Company intends to make sufficient distributions during 2022 to receive a full dividends paid deduction. 
 
 We maintain a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS which may be subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes on its taxable income. In general, our TRS may perform services for tenants of the Company, hold assets that the Company cannot hold directly and may engage in any real estate or non-real estate-related business. 
 
 During the years ended 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized franchise and other state and local tax expenses, which are included in general and administrative and recognized state and federal income tax expense, which is included in income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 A discussion of new accounting standards and the possible effects of these standards on our consolidated financial statements is included in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements, included in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our accounting policies have been established to conform with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Management believes that we have made these estimates and assumptions in an appropriate manner and in a way that accurately reflects our financial condition. We continually test and evaluate these estimates and assumptions using our historical knowledge of the business, as well as other factors, to ensure that they are reasonable for reporting purposes. However, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to the various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of our accounting policies and procedures included in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation of Acquired Properties 
 
 We evaluate each acquisition transaction to determine whether the acquired asset meets the definition of a business and therefore accounted for as a business combination or if the acquisition transaction should be accounted for as an asset acquisition. Under Accounting Standards Update ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business ASU 2017-01 ), an acquisition does not qualify as a business when substantially all of the fair value is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets or the acquisition does not include a substantive process in the form of an acquired workforce or an acquired contract that cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort or delay. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction costs related to acquisitions that qualify as asset acquisitions are capitalized as part of the cost basis of the acquired assets, while transaction costs for acquisitions that are deemed to be acquisitions of a business are expensed as incurred. 
 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired properties accounted for as asset acquisitions to tangible and identifiable intangible assets or liabilities based on their relative fair values. Tangible assets may include land, buildings, site improvements and tenant improvements. Intangible assets include the value of in-place leases and above-market leases and intangible liabilities include below-market leases. 
 
 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property with an in-place operating lease is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant, and the as-if-vacant value is then allocated to the tangible assets based on the fair value of the tangible assets. The fair value of in-place leases is determined by considering estimates of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods, current market conditions, as well as costs to execute similar leases based on the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. We estimate the cost to execute leases with terms similar to the remaining lease terms of the in-place leases, including leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. The fair value of above-market or below-market leases is recorded based on the net present value (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between the contractual amount to be paid pursuant to the in-place lease and our estimate of the fair market lease rate for the corresponding in-place lease, measured over the remaining non-cancelable term of the lease including any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, we utilize a number of sources, including real estate valuations prepared by an independent valuation firm. We also consider information and other factors including market conditions, the industry that the tenant operates in, characteristics of the real estate; e.g., location, size, demographics, value and comparative rental rates; tenant credit profile and the importance of the location of the real estate to the operations of the tenant s business. Additionally, we consider information obtained about each property as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Fair value measurement of an asset group occurs when events or changes in circumstances related to an asset indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group is no longer recoverable. Examples of events or changed circumstances may include, but are not limited to, significant changes in real estate market conditions, estimated residual values, our ability or expectation to re-lease properties that are vacant or become vacant or a reduction in the expected holding period of a property. If indicators are present, we will prepare a projection of the undiscounted future cash flows of the property, excluding interest charges, and determine if the carrying amount of the asset group is recoverable. When a carrying amount is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair market value. We estimate fair value using data such as operating income, estimated capitalization rates or multiples, leasing prospects, local market information, and with regard to assets held for sale, based on the estimated or negotiated selling price, less estimated costs of disposal. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Our reported results are presented in accordance with GAAP. We also disclose the following non-GAAP financial measures: Funds From Operations FFO ), Core FFO, Adjusted FFO AFFO ), earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), EBITDA adjusted to exclude gains (or losses) from the sales of depreciable property and real estate impairment losses EBITDA re ), EBITDA re further adjusted to exclude straight-line rent, non-cash compensation expense, non-recurring severance and related charges, and gain on insurance proceeds Adjusted EBITDA re ), net operating income NOI and cash net operating income Cash NOI ). We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are industry measures used by analysts and investors to compare the operating performance of REITs. 
 
 FFO, Core FFO and AFFO 
 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT"), an industry trade group, has promulgated a widely accepted non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance known as FFO. Our FFO is net income in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) resulting from dispositions of properties, plus depreciation and amortization and impairment charges on depreciable real property. 
 
 Core FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as FFO adjusted to remove the effect of unusual and non-recurring items that are not expected to impact our operating performance or operations on an ongoing basis. These include non-recurring severance and related charges and gain on insurance proceeds. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 AFFO is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as Core FFO adjusted for GAAP net income related to non-cash revenues and expenses, such as straight-line rent, amortization of above- and below-market lease-related intangibles, amortization of lease incentives, capitalized interest expense, non-cash compensation expense, and amortization of deferred financing and amortization of loan origination costs. 
 
 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. In fact, real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions. FFO is intended to be a standard supplemental measure of operating performance that excludes historical cost depreciation and valuation adjustments from net income. We consider FFO to be useful in evaluating potential property acquisitions and measuring operating performance. 
 
 We further consider FFO, Core FFO and AFFO to be useful in determining funds available for payment of distributions. FFO, Core FFO and AFFO do not represent net income or cash flows from operations as defined by GAAP. You should not consider FFO, Core FFO and AFFO to be alternatives to net income as a reliable measure of our operating performance nor should you consider FFO, Core FFO and AFFO to be alternatives to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as defined by GAAP) as measures of liquidity. 
 
 FFO, Core FFO and AFFO do not measure whether cash flow is sufficient to fund our cash needs, including principal amortization, capital improvements and distributions to stockholders. FFO, Core FFO and AFFO do not represent cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities as defined by GAAP. Further, FFO, Core FFO and AFFO as disclosed by other REITs might not be comparable to our calculations of FFO, Core FFO and AFFO. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of FFO, Core FFO and AFFO for the periods presented to net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests, as computed in accordance with GAAP (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 8,205 3,150 Depreciation and amortization of real estate 49,498 30,491 Provisions for impairment 1,114 3,539 Gain on sales of real estate, net (4,148) (2,997) FFO 54,669 34,183 Adjustments: Non-recurring severance and related charges 848 Gain on insurance proceeds (126) (438) Core FFO 55,391 33,745 Adjustments: Straight-line rent adjustments (1,286) (1,082) Amortization of deferred financing costs 891 627 Amortization of loan origination costs 88 Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles (1,430) (808) Amortization of lease incentives 541 122 Capitalized interest expense (452) (78) Non-cash compensation expense 4,774 3,703 AFFO 58,517 36,229 

43 

Table of Contents 

 EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re 
 
 We compute EBITDA as earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization. In 2017, NAREIT issued a white paper recommending that companies that report EBITDA also report EBITDA re . We compute EBITDA re in accordance with the definition adopted by NAREIT. NAREIT defines EBITDA re as EBITDA (as defined above) excluding gains (or losses) from the sales of depreciable property and impairment charges on depreciable real property. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA re is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as EBITDA re further adjusted to exclude straight-line rent, non-cash compensation expense, non-recurring severance and related charges, and gain on insurance proceeds. 
 
 We present EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re as they are measures commonly used in our industry. We believe that these measures are useful to investors and analysts because they provide supplemental information concerning our operating performance, exclusive of certain non-cash items and other costs. We use EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re as measures of our operating performance and not as measures of liquidity. 
 
 EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re do not include all items of revenue and expense included in net income, they do not represent cash generated from operating activities and they are not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash requirements; accordingly, they should not be considered alternatives to net income as a performance measure or cash flows from operations as a liquidity measure and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. Additionally, our computation of EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re may differ from the methodology for calculating these metrics used by other equity REITs and, therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other equity REITs. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA re and Adjusted EBITDA re for the periods presented to net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests, as computed in accordance with GAAP (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 8,205 3,150 Depreciation and amortization of real estate 49,498 30,491 Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles (1,430) (808) Amortization of lease incentives 541 122 Non-real estate depreciation and amortization 577 316 Interest expense, net 9,181 3,700 Income tax expense 396 59 Amortization of loan origination costs 88 EBITDA 67,056 37,030 Adjustments: Provisions for impairment 1,114 3,539 Gain on sales of real estate, net (4,148) (2,997) EBITDA re 
 64,022 37,572 Adjustments: Straight-line rent adjustments (1,286) (1,082) Non-recurring severance and related charges 848 Gain on insurance proceeds (126) (438) Non-cash compensation expense 4,774 3,703 Adjusted EBITDA re 
 68,232 39,755 

44 

Table of Contents 

 NOI and Cash NOI 
 
 NOI and Cash NOI are non-GAAP financial measures which we use to assess our operating results. We compute NOI as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding general and administrative expenses, interest expense (or income), income tax expense, transaction costs, depreciation and amortization, gains (or losses) on sales of depreciable property, real estate impairment losses, and other income (or expense). We further adjust NOI for non-cash revenue components of straight-line rent and amortization of lease intangibles and lease incentives to derive Cash NOI. We believe NOI and Cash NOI provide useful and relevant information because they reflect only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level and present such items on an unlevered basis. 
 
 NOI and Cash NOI are not measurements of financial performance under GAAP, and our NOI and Cash NOI may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. You should not consider our NOI and Cash NOI as alternatives to net income or cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of NOI and Cash NOI for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 8,205 3,150 General and administrative 19,053 14,810 Depreciation and amortization 50,075 30,807 Provisions for impairment 1,114 3,539 Transaction costs 839 700 Interest expense, net 9,181 3,700 Gain on sales of real estate, net (4,148) (2,997) Income tax expense 396 59 Interest income on mortgage loans receivable (2,345) Other income (131) (431) NOI 82,239 53,337 Straight-line rent adjustments (1,286) (1,082) Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles (1,430) (808) Amortization of lease incentives 541 122 Cash NOI 80,064 51,569 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair value relevant to our financial instruments depend upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Based upon the nature of our operations, the principal market risk to which we are exposed is the risk related to interest rate fluctuations. As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of approximately 175.0 million under the 2024 Term Loan, 200.0 million under the 2028 Term Loan, and 113.0 million of borrowings under the New Revolver, all of which are floating rate debt with a variable interest rate. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had average daily outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facilities of 109.5 million and 12.4 million, respectively. 
 On September 28, 2020 and August 11, 2022 and effective through the maturity dates of December 23, 2024 and February 11, 2028, respectively, we entered into interest rate derivative contracts in order to hedge our market interest risk associated with the 2024 Term Loan and the 2028 Term Loan, respectively. The interest rate derivative contracts convert the variable rate debt on the term loans to a fixed interest rate (as further described in Note 6 - Debt in our consolidated financial statements). 
 
 Additionally, we will occasionally fund acquisitions through the use of our New Revolver which bears an interest rate determined by either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 , plus a margin ranging from 1.00 to 1.45 , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Facility), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to 0.45 , based on our consolidated total leverage ratio. During the year, we also funded acquisitions through the use of our Prior Revolver, which was fully paid down in conjunction with the execution of the New Credit Agreement. Many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors that are beyond our control contribute to our interest rate risk. Based on the results of our sensitivity analysis and daily outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facilities during 2022, which assumes a 1 adverse change in the interest rate as of December 31, 2022, the estimated market risk exposure was approximately 1.1 million. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Our 2024 Term Loan, which matures on December 23, 2024, is indexed to LIBOR, and provides for procedures for determining an alternative base rate. On January 27, 2023, we executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that replaced the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Additionally, on January 30, 2023 and effective through the maturity date of December 31, 2024, we converted our four existing LIBOR swap agreements associated with the 2024 Term Loan into four new SOFR swaps that convert the SOFR variable rate to a fixed rate of 0.12 . See also Note 14 Subsequent Events LIBOR to SOFR Transition. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 53 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 NETSTREIT Corp.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited NETSTREIT Corp. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement Schedules III and IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 NETSTREIT Corp.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NETSTREIT Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules III and IV (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Evaluation of indicators for potential impairment of long-lived asset groups 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates its long-lived asset groups for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group is no longer recoverable. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has 1,262.5 million of real estate held for investment, net. The evaluation of the indicators of potential impairment relies upon certain management assumptions, including the anticipated holding period for a real estate investment property. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the evaluation of indicators for potential impairment of long-lived asset groups as a critical audit matter. Subjective and challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the reasonableness of Company s intent and ability to hold long-lived asset groups for particular periods of time. A shortening of the anticipated holding period could indicate a potential impairment. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s long-lived asset impairment process, including a control related to the identification of indicators of potential impairment. We inquired of and obtained representations from Company officials and inspected documents, such as meeting minutes of the investment committee and the board of trustees and its sub-committees, to evaluate the Company s intent and ability to hold long-lived asset groups for particular periods of time. We read external communications with investors to identify information regarding potential sales of the Company s long-lived asset groups. 
 
 Evaluation of the fair value of land and building in certain real estate asset acquisitions 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired real estate properties in asset acquisitions during 2022 for a total purchase price of 424.8 million, of which 104.7 million and 268.6 million were allocated to land and buildings, respectively. The purchase price of an asset acquisition is allocated to tangible and identifiable intangible assets or liabilities based on their relative fair values. In estimating fair values of land and building, the Company utilizes a number of sources, including real estate valuations prepared by an independent valuation firm. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of land and building in certain real estate asset acquisitions as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the assumptions used in the Company s estimates of fair value of land and building, including comparable land sales and estimated replacement cost of the building for certain real estate asset acquisitions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s asset acquisition valuation process, including controls related to the assumptions noted above. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the relevance of the comparable land sales and replacement cost of the building used by the Company to estimate fair values, by comparing them to our independently developed ranges of comparable land sales and estimated replacement cost of the building for a selection of real estate asset acquisitions. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Real estate, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Total real estate, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property under development Real estate held for investment, net Assets held for sale Mortgage loans receivable, net Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Lease intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities: Term loans, net Revolving credit facility Mortgage note payable, net Lease intangible liabilities, net Liabilities related to assets held for sale Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Stockholders equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of retained earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental revenue (including reimbursable) Interest income on loans receivable Total revenues Operating expenses Property General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Provisions for impairment Transaction costs Total operating expenses Other income (expense) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Gain on sales of real estate, net Gain on forfeited earnest money deposit Other income (expense), net ) Total other expense, net ) ) Net income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Preferred stock dividends Net income attributable to common stockholders Amounts available to common stockholders per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income: Net income Change in value on derivatives, net Total comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Preferred stock Common stock Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock in private offering, net of issuance costs Dividends declared and paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of issuance costs Redemption of preferred stock upon initial public offering ) ) ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units and issuance of common stock in initial public offering ) Dividends and distributions declared on common stock and OP units ) ) ) ) Dividends declared on restricted stock ) ) ) OP Units converted to common stock ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Repurchase of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock in public offerings, net of issuance costs OP Units converted to common stock ) Dividends and distributions declared on common stock and OP Units ) ) ) ) Dividends declared on restricted stock ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Repurchase of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Other comprehensive income Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock in public offerings, net of issuance costs Offering and related costs of common stock ) ) ) OP Units converted to common stock ) Dividends and distributions declared on common stock and OP Units ) ) ) ) Dividends declared on restricted stock ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units ) Repurchase of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net Other comprehensive income Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of above/below-market assumed debt Noncash revenue adjustments ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sales of real estate, net ) ) ) Gain on forfeited earnest money deposit ) Provisions for impairment Gain on involuntary conversion of building and improvements ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Other assets, net ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Lessee improvement obligations ) ) Lease incentive payments ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisitions of real estate ) ) ) Real estate development and improvements ) ) ) Investment in mortgage loans receivable ) Earnest money deposits ) Purchase of computer equipment and other corporate assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Proceeds from the settlement of property-related insurance claims Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of common stock in public offerings, net Issuance of common stock in private offering, net Issuance of preferred stock, net Payment of common and preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Payment of OP unit distributions ) ) ) Payment of restricted stock dividends ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock, net ) Proceeds from term loans Principal payments on mortgages payable ) Proceeds under property development incentives Proceeds under revolving credit facilities Repayments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) ) Deferred offering costs ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Dividends declared and unpaid on restricted stock Cash flow hedge change in fair value Accrued capital expenditures and real estate development and improvements costs Mortgage note assumed at fair value Involuntary conversion of building and improvements and change in related insurance proceeds receivable Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability added for corporate office, excluding million non-cash lease incentive received 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 NETSTREIT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 

properties, located in states . 

Note 2 

-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments and the restrictions on ownership and transfer of the Company s common stock. The election to pay cash or issue common stock is solely within the control of the Company to satisfy a noncontrolling interest holder's redemption request. 
 
 Net income of the Operating Partnership is allocated to its noncontrolling interests based on the noncontrolling interests ownership percentages in the Operating Partnership throughout the period. Ownership percentage is calculated by dividing the number of OP Units held by the noncontrolling interests by the total OP Units outstanding. 

54 

Table of Contents 

years 
 Building improvements years 
 Tenant improvements Shorter of the term of the related lease or useful life Acquired in-place leases or leasing commissions Remaining terms of the respective leases Assembled workforce years Computer equipment and other corporate assets years 

55 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation on real estate held for investment and computer equipment and other corporate assets Amortization on acquired in-place lease and assembled workforce intangible assets and leasing commission costs Total depreciation and amortization expense 

The Company is continually evaluating the portfolio of real estate assets and may elect to dispose of assets considering criteria including, but not limited to, tenant concentration, tenant credit quality, unit financial performance, local market conditions and lease rates, asset location and tenant operation type (e.g., tenant or retail sector). Real estate assets held for sale are expected to be sold within twelve months. Properties classified as held for sale, including the related intangibles, in the consolidated balance sheets include only those properties available for immediate sale in their present condition, which are actively being marketed, and for which management believes that it is probable that a sale of the property will be completed within one year. Properties held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated selling costs. No depreciation expense or amortization expense is recognized on properties held for sale and the related intangible assets or liabilities once they have been classified as such. Only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations are presented as discontinued operations. Accordingly, the Company has not reclassified results of operations for properties disposed during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 or held for sale as discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, as these events are a normal part of the Company s operations and do not represent strategic shifts in the Company s operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and properties, respectively, classified as held for sale. 

Number of properties: (1) 
 Classified as held for sale Disposed within the period 
 (1) Includes the number of properties that were impaired and classified as held for sale as of year-end or impaired and disposed of during the respective periods. Excludes properties that did not have impairment recorded during the year. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2022, and restricted cash as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company s bank balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included certain amounts over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. 

Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 
 The Company holds loans receivable, which are mortgage loans secured by real estate, for long-term investment. Loans receivable are carried at amortized cost. As of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company held senior secured first-lien mortgage loans receivable. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest income on loans receivable using the effective-interest method. Direct costs associated with originating loans, along with any premium or discount, is deferred and amortized as an adjustment to interest income over the term of the related loan receivable using the effective interest method. The Company evaluates its loan receivable balances, including accrued interest, for potential credit losses by analyzing the credit of the borrower, the remaining time to maturity of the loan, collateral value and quality (if any), and other relevant factors. A loan receivable is placed on nonaccrual status when management determines that full recovery of the contractually specified payments of principal and interest is doubtful. 

57 

Table of Contents 

offering costs expensed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, however, there were million of offering costs expensed for the year ended December 31, 2020. Acquisition and dead deal related expenses were million, , and less than million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

59 

Table of Contents 

2028 Term Loan (1) 
 
 (1) The carrying value of the debt instruments are net of unamortized debt issuance and discount costs. 

During the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were no tenants with rental revenue that exceeded 10 of total rental revenue. 
 
 of its properties to be an operating segment, none of which individually meet the threshold for a reportable segment. The Company allocates resources and assesses operating performance based on individual property needs. All of the Company s operating segments meet the aggregation criteria, and thus, the Company reports segment, rental operations. In addition, there were no intersegment sales during the periods presented. 

60 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 
 
 single-tenant retail net leases spanning states, with different tenants represented across retail sectors. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining terms of leases range from - years. 
 
 The Company s property leases have been classified as operating leases and some have scheduled rent increases throughout the lease term. The Company s leases typically provide the tenant one or more multi-year renewal options to extend their leases, subject to generally the same terms and conditions, including rent increases, consistent with the initial lease term. 
 
 All lease-related income is reported as a single line item, rental revenue (including reimbursable), in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and is presented net of any reserves for uncollectible amounts. There were no material reserves for uncollectible amounts during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Fixed lease income includes stated amounts per the lease contract, which include base rent, fixed common area maintenance charges, and straight-line lease adjustments. 
 
 Variable lease income primarily includes recoveries from tenants, which represent amounts that tenants are contractually obligated to reimburse the Company for specific to their portion of actual recoverable costs incurred. Variable lease income also includes percentage rent, which represents amounts billable to tenants based on their actual sales volume in excess of levels specified in the lease contract. 
 
 Variable lease income (2) 
 Other rental revenue: Above/below market lease amortization, net Lease incentives ) ) Rental revenue (including reimbursable) 
 
 (1) Fixed lease income includes contractual rents under lease agreements with tenants recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 (2) Variable lease income primarily includes tenant reimbursements for real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance, lease termination fees, and the write-off of uncollectible amounts. There were immaterial write-offs of uncollectible amounts during 2022 and 2021 with no write-offs during 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 years that expires on July 31, 2032, with a -time option to terminate in 2029 exercisable by the Company. The lease is also renewable at the Company s option for additional periods of . No renewals were incorporated in the calculation of the corporate lease right-of-use asset and liability as it is not reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the options. Further, the lease agreement does not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The corporate office lease contains variable lease costs related to the lease of parking spaces and non-lease components related to the reimbursement of property operating expenses and certain common area maintenance expenses, all of which are recognized as incurred. The Company elected to use the component practical expedient, which permits the Company to not separate non-lease components from lease components if timing and pattern of transfer is the same. 
 
 Variable lease cost 
 
 The Company recorded a right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of approximately million at lease commencement. As of December 31, 2022, the right-of-use asset and operating lease liability was million and million, respectively. The right-of-use asset is included in other assets, net and the operating lease liability is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: amount representing interest (1) 
 ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Imputed interest was calculated using a discount rate of . The discount rate is based on the estimated incremental borrowing rate, calculated as the treasury rate for the same period as the underlying lease term, plus a spread determined using factors including REIT industry performance. 

Note 4 
 
 properties, including properties currently under development. The gross real estate investment portfolio, including properties under development, totaled approximately billion and consisted of the gross acquisition cost of land, buildings, improvements, and lease intangible assets and liabilities. The investment portfolio is geographically dispersed throughout states with gross real estate investments in Texas and Illinois representing and , respectively, of the total gross real estate investment of the Company s entire portfolio. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired properties for a total purchase price of million, inclusive of million of capitalized acquisition costs. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

properties for a total purchase price of million, inclusive of million of capitalized acquisition costs. 
 The acquisitions were all accounted for as asset acquisitions. 
 
 Buildings Site improvements Tenant improvements In-place lease intangible assets Above-market lease intangible assets Assumed receivables Construction-in-progress assets Liabilities assumed Below-market lease intangible liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expense and other liabilities ) Mortgage note payable ) Purchase price (including acquisition costs) 
 
 Development 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had property developments under construction. During 2022, the Company invested million in property developments, including the acquisition of new build-to-suit projects with a combined initial purchase price of million. During 2022, the Company completed development on projects and reclassified approximately million from property under development to land, building, and improvements in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Rent commenced for five of the completed developments in 2022, while rent is expected to commence for the sixth development in the second quarter of 2023. The remaining developments in progress are expected to be substantially completed with rent commencing at various points throughout 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The purchase price, including acquisitions costs, and subsequent development are included in property under development in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, the Company invested a total of million, including the initial purchase price of million, in properties, including one that contained a non-binding purchase option to acquire the property upon completion. Upon acquisition or investment in these properties, the Company commenced or assumed development of build-to-suit projects. During 2021, the Company completed development on project and reclassified approximately million from property under development to land, building, and improvements in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Rent commenced for this development in the first quarter of 2022. of the remaining developments were completed with rent commencing during 2022. The remaining three developments in progress are expected to be substantially completed with rent commencing during the first quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The purchase price, including acquisitions costs, and subsequent development are included in property under development in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Additionally, during 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized approximately million and million of interest expense associated with properties under development. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 During 2022, the Company sold properties for a total sales price, net of disposal costs, of million, recognizing a gain of million. 
 
 During 2021, the Company sold properties for a total sales price, net of disposal costs, of million, recognizing a gain of million. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 properties for a total sales price, net of disposal costs, of million, recognizing a gain of million. 
 
 Investment in Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 
 On January 26, 2022, the Company executed a fully collateralized million loan receivable with a stated interest rate of . The scheduled maturity date is July 26, 2023, however the Company has the right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to purchase a portion of the underlying collateralized property. The loan receivable is collateralized by real estate that is leased by separate investment-grade tenants. The funds provided under the loan, in addition to loan origination costs of million, are included in loans receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company executed a fully collateralized million loan receivable with a stated interest rate of . The scheduled maturity date is June 30, 2023, however the Company has the right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to purchase the underlying collateralized properties. The loan receivable is collateralized by real estate that is leased by separate tenants, one of which has an investment grade profile. The funds provided under the loan, in addition to loan origination costs of less than million, are included in loans receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loss on Damages and Other Items 
 
 The Company incurred significant damage to a property in Houma, Louisiana as a result of Hurricane Ida making landfall in August 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a loss based on estimated damages of million in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, which was fully offset by insurance proceeds specific to capitalized building and improvement costs of million. Total repair and replacement costs were approximately million which was covered by insurance, less the Company s million deductible. Construction was completed in the first quarter of 2022. During the construction period, customer rental payments continued to be abated, with the lost rent covered by the Company s insurance policy. 
 
 During 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to sell property to a third-party and received a nonrefundable million earnest money deposit which, upon the third-party s failure to perform under the purchase and sale agreement in the first quarter of 2020, was recognized as a gain. 

Note 5 
 
 ) ) Above-market leases ) ) Assembled workforce ) ) Lease incentives ) ) Total Intangible assets ) ) Liabilities: Below-market leases ) ) 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Above-market leases Below-market leases Assembled workforce Lease incentives 
 The Company records amortization of in-place lease assets and assembled workforce intangible assets to amortization expense, and records net amortization of above-market and below-market lease intangibles as well as amortization of lease incentives to rental revenue. The following amounts in the accompanying 
 
 Amortization of assembled workforce Net adjustment to rental revenue: Above-market lease assets ) ) ) Below-market lease liabilities Lease incentives ) ) 
 
 Above-market lease assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Below-market lease liabilities Lease incentives ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net adjustment to rental revenue 

Note 6 
 
 2024 Term Loan (1) 
 December 23, 2024 New Revolver (2) 
 August 11, 2026 2028 Term Loan (3) 
 February 11, 2028 Mortgage Note November 1, 2027 Total debt Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs, net (4) 
 ) ) Total debt, net 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 as of December 31, 2022. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert the floating rate to the fixed rate noted as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The annual interest rate of the New Revolver assumes one-month SOFR as of December 31, 2022 of plus a SOFR adjustment of plus the applicable margin which was as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the New Revolver may be extended up to . 
 (3) Loan is a floating-rate loan which resets monthly at one-month term SOFR plus a SOFR adjustment of plus the applicable margin which was as of December 31, 2022. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert the floating rate to the fixed rate noted as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) The Company records deferred financing costs for the New Revolver in other assets, net on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 New Credit Facility 
 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a sustainability-linked senior unsecured credit facility consisting of (i) a million senior unsecured term loan (the 2028 Term Loan and (ii) a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Revolver , and together with the 2028 Term Loan, the New Credit Facility ). The New Credit Facility may be increased by million in the aggregate. 
 
 The New Revolver refinanced and increased the available borrowing capacity under the Company s existing million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolver pursuant to the credit agreement, dated as of December 23, 2019, governing such facility (the Prior Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Company used the proceeds from the borrowings made on the closing date to repay the Prior Revolver. Remaining and future borrowings under the New Revolver will be used by the Company for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries, including acquisitions. The Company s million senior unsecured term loan 2024 Term Loan under the Prior Credit Agreement, which matures in December 2024, remained outstanding upon the closing of the New Credit Facility. 
 
 The 2028 Term Loan matures on February 11, 2028 and the New Revolver matures on August 11, 2026, subject to extension of up to . Borrowings under the New Credit Facility are repayable at the Company s option in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Borrowings under the New Revolver may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time prior to the maturity date. 
 
 Prior to the date the Company obtains an investment grade rating, interest rates are based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, and are determined by (A) in the case of the 2028 Term Loan either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the credit agreement governing the New Credit Facility (the New Credit Agreement )), plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio and (B) in the case of the New Revolver either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio. 
 
 After the date the Company obtains an investment grade rating, interest rates are based on the Company s investment grade rating, and are determined by (A) in the case of the 2028 Term Loan either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s investment grade rating, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to , based on the Company s investment grade rating and (B) in the case of the New Revolver either (i) SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s investment grade rating, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 0.00 to , based on the Company s investment grade rating. 
 
 Additionally, the Company will incur a facility fee based on the total commitment amount of million under the New Revolver. Prior to the date the Company obtains an investment grade rating, the applicable facility fee will range from to based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio. After the date the Company obtains an investment grade rating, the applicable facility fee will range from to based on the Company s investment grade rating. 
 
 The New Credit Facility also contains a sustainability-linked pricing component pursuant to which the Company will receive interest rate reductions up to based on its performance against a sustainability performance target focused on the portion of the Company s annualized base rent attributable to tenants with commitments or quantifiable targets for reduced greenhouse gas emission in accordance with the standards of the Science Based Targets initiative SBTi ). 

66 

Table of Contents 

 . Interest is payable monthly or at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The interest rate hedge is further described in Note 7 Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 In connection with the New Credit Facility, the Company incurred million of deferred financing costs which were allocated between the New Revolver and 2028 Term Loan in the amounts of million and million, respectively. Additionally, million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the Prior Revolver were reclassed to the New Revolver. Deferred financing costs are amortized over the remaining terms of each respective borrowing and are included in interest expense, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 
 In December 2019, the Company entered into the Prior Credit Agreement for a senior credit facility consisting of the Prior Revolver and the 2024 Term Loan (collectively, the Prior Credit Facility ). 
 
 The 2024 Term Loan matures on December 23, 2024 and the Prior Revolver was set to mature on December 23, 2023, subject to extension up to , prior to the Company using the proceeds from the New Credit Facility to repay the Prior Revolver in full. Interest rates under the Prior Credit Facility are based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, and are determined by (A) in the case of the 2024 Term Loan either (i) LIBOR, plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Prior Credit Facility), plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio and (B) in the case of the Prior Revolver either (i) LIBOR, plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, or (ii) a Base Rate (as defined in the Prior Credit Facility), plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio. Interest is payable monthly or at the end of the applicable interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. 
 
 The Company was required to pay a Prior Revolver facility fee at an annual rate of of the unused capacity if usage exceeded 50 of the total available facility, or of the unused facility if usage did not exceed 50 . 
 
 Effective September 28, 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate derivative contract to fix the base interest rate (one-month LIBOR) on the 2024 Term Loan. The total interest rate includes the fixed base interest rate of plus a leverage-based margin of . The interest rate hedge is further described in Note 7 - Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that governs the 2024 Term Loan, which conformed financial covenants and event of default materiality thresholds to align with those under the New Credit Facility and added a carve-out to the derivatives contracts negative covenant to permit forward sale transactions. 
 
 On January 27, 2023, the Company executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that replaced the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Additionally, on January 30, 2023 and effective through the maturity date of December 31, 2024, the Company converted its existing LIBOR swap agreements associated with the 2024 Term Loan into new SOFR swaps that convert the SOFR variable rate to a fixed rate of . See also Note 14 Subsequent Events LIBOR to SOFR Transition. 
 
 Mortgage Note Payable 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total gross mortgage indebtedness of million, which was collateralized by related real estate and a tenant s lease with an aggregate net book value of million. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of less than million and recorded a debt discount of million, both of which are recorded as a reduction of the principal balance in mortgage note payable, net in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The mortgage note matures on November 1, 2027, but may be repaid in full beginning August 2027. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Term loans (2) 
 Mortgage note payable Non-cash: Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of debt discount, net Capitalized interest ) ) Total interest expense, net 
 
 (1) Includes facility fees and non-utilization fees of approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Deferred financing, discount, and debt issuance costs are amortized over the remaining terms of each respective borrowing and are included in interest expense, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, term loans had a weighted average interest rate, exclusive of amortization of deferred financing costs and the effects of interest rate hedges, of , , and , respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company incurred interest expense on revolving credit facilities with a weighted average interest rate, exclusive of amortization of deferred financing costs and facility fees, of , , and , respectively. 
 
 The estimated fair values of the Company s term loans have been derived based on market observable inputs such as interest rates and discounted cash flow analysis using estimates of the amount and timing of future cash flows. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional detail on fair measurements. 

Note 7 

68 

Table of Contents 

 compared to the variable Term Loan one-month LIBOR rate as of December 31, 2022 of , plus the applicable margin of . The interest rate for the variable rate 2028 Term Loan is based on the hedged fixed rate of compared to the variable 2028 Term Loan one-month SOFR rate as of December 31, 2022 of , plus a SOFR adjustment of and applicable margin of . The maturity dates of the interest rate swaps coincide with the respective maturity dates of the 2024 and 2028 Term Loans. 
 
 Amounts will subsequently be reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. The Company does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative or trading purposes and does not have derivative netting arrangements. 
 
 The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company evaluates counterparty credit risk through monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties, which includes review of debt ratings and financial performance. To mitigate credit risk, the Company enters into agreements with counterparties it considers credit-worthy, such as large financial institutions with favorable credit ratings. 
 
 The Company had the following outstanding interest rate derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk (in thousands, except number of instruments): 

Interest expense, net ) ) 
 
 The Company did not exclude any amounts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. 
 
 The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. 
 
 To comply with the provisions of ASC 820, the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 Derivative assets 

Note 8 
 
 Deferred rent receivable Prepaid assets Earnest money deposits Fair value of interest rate swaps Deferred offering costs Deferred financing costs, net Right-of-use asset Leasehold improvements and other corporate assets, net Interest receivable Other assets, net 
 
 Accrued bonus Prepaid rent Operating lease liability Accrued interest Accounts payable Other liabilities 

70 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9 
 
 million, net of initial purchaser s discount and placement fees of million. The Private Offering resulted in the issuance of shares of common stock. The Company contributed the net proceeds of million from the Private Offering to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 Initial Public Offering 
 
 On August 17, 2020, the Company completed the initial public offering of its common stock. The Company sold shares of common stock and selling stockholders sold shares of common stock at a price of per share. On September 16, 2020, the Company issued an additional shares of its common stock pursuant to the underwriters' over-allotment option. The net proceeds to the Company from the initial public offering were million, net of underwriting discounts and transaction costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. In addition, an equivalent number of Class A OP Units were issued to the Company for the shares sold by selling stockholders. 
 
 April 2021 Follow-On Offering 
 
 On April 12, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of shares of common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional shares of common stock. The Company received net proceeds of million, net of underwriting discounts and transaction costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a million at-the-market equity program (the ATM Program through which, from time to time, it may sell shares of its common stock in registered transactions. The Company has issued shares of common stock in connection with the ATM Program as follows: 
 
 In October and November 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share for net proceeds of approximately million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 In March 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share for net proceeds of approximately million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of less than million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share for net proceeds of approximately million, net of sales commissions and offering costs of less than million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 January 2022 Follow-On Offering 
 
 On January 13, 2022, the Company completed a registered public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. In connection with the offering, the Company entered into forward sale agreements for shares of its common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company fully physically settled the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) as follows: 
 
 On September 29, 2022, the Company settled shares of common stock at a price of per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. The Company received net proceeds from the settlement of million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

shares of common stock at a price of per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. The Company received net proceeds from the settlement of million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 On March 30, 2022, the Company settled shares of common stock at a price of per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. The Company received net proceeds from the settlement of million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 August 2022 Follow-On Offering 
 
 On August 8, 2022, the Company completed a registered public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, which excluded an over-allotment option to the underwriters to purchase up to an additional shares, which was exercised in full on August 10, 2022. In connection with the offering, the Company entered into forward sale agreements for shares of its common stock. The Company did not initially receive any proceeds from the sales of shares of common stock by the forward purchasers upon registration of the offering. The Company may physically settle the forward sale agreements (by the delivery of shares of common stock) and receive proceeds from the sale of those shares upon one or more forward settlement dates, which shall occur no later than August 3, 2023. The Company may, at its election, cash settle or net share settle all or a portion of its obligations under a forward sale agreement if it concludes it is in its best interest to do so over the prescribed offering period. If the Company elects to cash settle a forward sale agreement, it may not receive any proceeds and may owe cash to the relevant forward counterparty in certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained unsettled under the August 8, 2022 forward sale agreements. The Company partially physically settled the August 2022 forward sale agreement as follows: 
 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company settled shares of common stock at a price of per share in accordance with the forward sale agreements. The Company received net proceeds from the settlement of million, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs of million. The Company contributed the net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Class A OP Units. 
 
 Surrendered Shares on Vested Stock Unit Awards 
 
 During the periods presented, portions of restricted stock unit awards granted to certain of the Company s officers, directors and employees vested. The vesting of these awards, granted pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan (as defined in Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation ), resulted in federal and state income tax liabilities for the recipients. During 2022 and 2021, as permitted by the terms of the Omnibus Incentive Plan and the award grants, certain executive officers and employees elected to surrender a total of thousand and thousand shares of common stock, respectively valued at million and million, respectively, solely to pay the associated statutory tax withholding. The surrendered shares are included in repurchase of shares of common stock in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Preferred Equity 
 
 To maintain the Company s status as a REIT, on January 27, 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of Series A Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock, par value per share, for per share to accredited investors pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed solely at the Company s option for consideration equal to per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to and including the date fixed for redemption, plus a redemption premium as follows (i) until December 31, 2021, and (ii) thereafter, redemption premium. 
 
 In May 2020, the Company declared a preferred dividend of per share of Series A Preferred Stock to holders of record as of June 15, 2020. The preferred dividend was settled in cash on June 30, 2020. 
 
 The Company redeemed all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon the completion of the initial public offering for approximately million, which included the payment of accrued dividends for the period from July 1, 2020 to August 18, 2020 and a redemption premium of per share. As of December 31, 2020, there were shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 March 15, 2022 March 30, 2022 April 26, 2022 June 1, 2022 June 15, 2022 July 26, 2022 September 1, 2022 September 15, 2022 October 25, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 15, 2022 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Declaration Date Dividend Per Share Record Date Total Amount Payment Date March 3, 2021 March 15, 2021 March 30, 2021 April 27, 2021 June 1, 2021 June 15, 2021 July 27, 2021 September 1, 2021 September 15, 2021 October 26, 2021 December 1, 2021 December 15, 2021 
 
 The holders of OP Units are entitled to an equal distribution per each OP Unit held as of each record date. Accordingly, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Operating Partnership paid distributions of million and million, respectively, to holders of OP Units. 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions to stockholders are characterized as ordinary income dividends, capital gain distributions, or non-dividend distributions. Non-dividend distributions will reduce U.S. stockholders basis (but not below zero) in their shares. 
 
 Non-dividend distributions Capital gain distributions Total 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Noncontrolling interests represent noncontrolling holders of OP Units in the Operating Partnership, which were issued effective with the Company s Private Offering. OP Units are convertible into shares of common stock as the OP Units may be redeemed for cash or, at the Company s election, exchanged for shares of the Company s common stock on a -for-one basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, noncontrolling interests represented and , respectively of OP Units. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, OP Unit holders redeemed and OP units, respectively, into shares of common stock on a -for-one basis. 

Note 10 
 
 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance. The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, RSUs, long-term incentive plan units, dividend equivalent rights, and other share-based, share-related or cash-based awards, including performance-based awards, to employees, directors and consultants, with each grant evidenced by an award agreement providing the terms of the award. The Omnibus Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. All awards of unvested restricted stock units are expected to fully vest over the next one to . 
 
 Performance-Based RSUs (effectiveness of Initial Public Offering) 
 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company made performance-based RSUs to certain employees and non-employee directors. The performance condition required the Company to effectively file a shelf registration statement. Up until the point of filing the registration statement, performance was not deemed probable and accordingly, no RSUs had the capability of vesting and no stock-based compensation expense was recorded. As a result of the Company's initial public offering in August 2020, the performance condition was satisfied and the Company recorded a stock-based compensation expense catch-up adjustment of million. The vesting terms of these grants are specific to the individual grant and vest in equal annual installments over the next one to . 
 
 Granted during the period Forfeited during the period ) Vested during the period ) ) ) Unvested RSU grants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 For the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense associated with performance-based RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense totaled million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. These units are subject to graded vesting and and stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche in the award. 
 
 The grant date fair value of unvested RSUs is calculated as the per share price determined on December 23, 2019, through the Private Offering. 
 
 Service-Based RSUs 
 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company has made service-based RSU grants to certain employees and non-employee directors. The vesting terms of these grants are specific to the individual grant and vest in equal annual installments over the next one to . 

74 

Table of Contents 

 Granted during the period Forfeited during the period ) ) Vested during the period ) ) Unvested RSU grants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 For the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense associated with service-based RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense totaled million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the total requisite service period for the entire award. 
 
 The grant date fair value of service-based unvested RSUs is calculated as the per share price determined in the initial public offering for awards granted in 2020 and as the per share price of the Company s stock on the date of grant for those granted in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Performance-Based RSUs (total shareholder return) 
 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company has made market-based RSU grants to certain employees. These grants are subject to the participant s continued service over a period with of the award based on the Company s total shareholder return TSR as compared to the TSR of identified peer companies and of the award based on total absolute TSR over the cumulative period. The performance period of these grants runs through March 8, 2024 and February 28, 2025. Grant date fair value of the market-based share awards was calculated using the Monte Carlo simulation model, which incorporated stock price volatility of the Company and each of the Company s peers and other variables over the performance period. Significant inputs for the calculation were expected volatility of the Company of and expected volatility of the Company's peers, ranging from to , with an average volatility of and a risk-free interest rate of . The fair value per share on the grant date specific to the target TSR relative to the Company s peers was and the target absolute TSR was for a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. Stock-based compensation expense associated with unvested market-based share awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the minimum required service period, which is . 
 
 Granted during the period Forfeited during the period ) ) Unvested RSU grants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 For the years ended 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense associated with market-based RSUs. stock-based compensation expense was recognized in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized stock-based compensation expense totaled million and as of December 31, 2022, these awards are expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

service period beginning in the period that the bonus relates. The Program is deemed to be a liability-classified award (accounted for as an equity-classified award as the service date precedes the grant date and the award would otherwise be classified as equity on grant date), which will be fair-valued and accrued over the applicable service period. The total estimated fair value of the elections made for 2022 under the Program was approximately million, net of forfeited amounts. The award will be remeasured to fair value each reporting period until the unvested RSUs are granted. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense associated with these awards. Previous awards under the Program that have been granted are included within service based RSUs above. 

Note 11 
 
 -for-one basis. 
 
 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) Net income attributable to common shares, basic Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to common shares, diluted Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive shares for diluted net income per common share: OP Units Unvested RSUs Unsettled shares under open forward equity contracts Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted Net income available to common stockholders per common share, basic Net income available to common stockholders per common share, diluted 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and of OP Units outstanding, respectively. 

Note 12 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

million, of which million is expected to be funded in the next twelve months. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had commitments to fund properties under development totaling million, which is expected to be funded over the next months. 
 
 In August 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement on a new corporate office space, which is classified as an operating lease. The Company began operating out of the new office in February 2022. The lease has a remaining noncancellable term of years that expires on July 31, 2032 and is renewable at the Company s option for additional periods of . Future minimum base rental payments under the lease are outlined in Note 3 Leases. Annual rent expense, excluding operating expenses, is approximately million during the initial term. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any other material commitments for re-leasing costs, recurring capital expenditures, non-recurring building improvements, or similar types of costs. 

Note 13 
 
 expenses were incurred during 2022 and for the years ended 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred approximately million and million, respectively, in related expenses. 

Note 14 
 
 per share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend will be paid on March 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on March 15, 2023. 
 
 Revolver Activity 
 
 In January 2023, the Company repaid million under the 2026 Revolver. 
 
 LIBOR to SOFR Transition 
 
 On January 27, 2023, the Company executed an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement that replaced the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. Additionally, on January 30, 2023 and effective through the maturity date of December 31, 2024, the Company converted its existing LIBOR swap agreements associated with the 2024 Term Loan into new SOFR swaps that convert the SOFR variable rate to a fixed rate of . 

77 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 During the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation described above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On February 21, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board of NETSTREIT Corp. (the Company approved certain amendments (the Amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and, as amended, the Amended Bylaws ), which became effective immediately. 
 
 The Amendments update various provisions of the Bylaws to require parties proposing a nominee for election of a director to comply with the universal proxy rules recently adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, the Amendments update the Bylaws proxy and advance notice requirements, to, among other things, 
 
 Require information and certifications that are required to be provided pursuant to the SEC s universal proxy rules to be delivered to the Company by the Company s existing advance notice deadline; 
 
 Update the information, representations and certifications required to be provided by a person seeking to make a nomination or propose business pursuant to the Company s existing advance notice requirements, including requiring disclosure of certain plans or proposals regarding the Company s securities, as well as agreements, arrangements or understandings with respect to the nomination or proposal; 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Require certifications regarding the willingness of a proposed nominee to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee, serve on the Board, if elected, and that no additional consents from any third party are required for a Proposed Nominee to serve on our Board, if elected; and 
 
 Update the requirements for proxies, including authorizing the Company to disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of nominees submitted by a person who abandons a solicitation or has not complied with the requirements of the SEC s universal proxy rules. 
 
 The Amendments also clarify that a stockholder may not nominate more individuals than there are directors to be elected or substitute or replace a proposed nominee without compliance with the requirements for nomination in the bylaws, including compliance with any applicable deadlines, and must notify the Company promptly if the proponent determines not to solicit proxies in favor of any proposed nominee. 
 
 The Amendments also include various other conforming and technical changes, including (i) updates to provisions relating to the calling, holding and adjournment of virtual meetings to align with provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law; (ii) changes related to gender neutrality of the chair position; (iii) removal of provisions of the Bylaws that are no longer applicable; and (iv) requiring stockholders seeking to call a special meeting update information previously provided to the Company pursuant to its Bylaws if that information becomes inaccurate. 
 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors. Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in the sections entitled Directors and Management and Corporate Governance of our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in the sections entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, CEO Pay Ratio, Corporate Governance - Director Compensation, Corporate Governance - Other Board Information - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Compensation Committee Report of our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Except as set forth herein, the information required by this item will be included in the section entitled Corporate Governance - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management of our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table summarizes the equity compensation plan under which our common stock may be issued as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (a) (2) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 485,820 1,255,658 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 485,820 1,255,658 
 
 (1) Relates to restricted stock units RSUs available for issuance under our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 (2) Includes 485,820 shares that employees and non-employee directors have the right to acquire upon the vesting of the equivalent RSUs that they have been awarded under our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance - Independence of Directors of our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in the section entitled Fees of Independent Accountants of our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 15(a)(1) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 15(a)(2) The following is a list of the financial statement schedules required by Item 8: Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 15(a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Conformed Articles of Amendment and Restatement of NETSTREIT Corp. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of NETSTREIT Corp. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 4.1 Description of NETSTREIT Corp. s Securities. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-23991) filed on July 17, 2020. 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of NETSTREIT, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between NETSTREIT Corp. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, between NETSTREIT Management, LLC and Mark Manheimer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 10.4 Offer Letter, dated November 6, 2022, between NETSTREIT Management, LLC and Lori Wittman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022). 
 10.5 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated November 6, 2022, between NETSTREIT Management, LLC and Andrew Blocher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022). 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, between NETSTREIT Management, LLC and Andrew Blocher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) . 
 10.7 NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 10.8 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Pre-Initial Public Offering Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 10.9 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Pre-Initial Public Offering Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 10.10 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Post-Initial Public Offering Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.11 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on August 5, 2020). 
 10.12 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 
 10.13 Form of 2021 Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 
 10.14 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 10.15 NETSTREIT Corp. Alignment of Interest Program under the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.16 Form of NETSTREIT Corp. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (Alignment of Interest Program) Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 
 10.17 Tax Protection Agreement, dated December 23, 2019, by and among NETSTREIT Corp., NETSTREIT, L.P., Hillview Way, LLC and Mayfield Road Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on August 5, 2020). 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 10.18# Credit Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2022, by and between NETSTREIT Corp., NETSTREIT, L.P., the several financial institutions party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and U.S. Bank, National Association, Capital One, National Association, The Huntington National Bank, Regions Bank, The Bank of Nova Scotia, TD Bank, N.A., and Truist Bank, PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and PNC Capital Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2022). 
 10.19 # Conformed Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2019, by and among NETSTREIT, L.P., NETSTREIT Corp., the financial institutions party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, KeyBank National Association, Capital One, National Association, Truist Bank, Bank of Montreal, U.S. Bank National Association, PNC Bank, National Association and Regions Bank (reflecting the inclusion of amendment provisions of all amendments to the Credit Agreement through Amendment No. 7, dated January 27, 2023). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of NETSTREIT Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-239911) filed on July 17, 2020). 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on Signature Page). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 , Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 , Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Submitted electronically with the report. 
 Furnished, not filed. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 NETSTREIT Corp. Signature and Title Date /s/ MARK MANHEIMER Date: February 23, 2023 Mark Manheimer President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

83 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Mark Manheimer and Lori Wittman, acting alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in- fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ MARK MANHEIMER Date: February 23, 2023 Mark Manheimer President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ LORI WITTMAN Date: February 23, 2023 Lori Wittman Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ PATRICIA GIBBS Date: February 23, 2023 Patricia Gibbs Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ TODD MINNIS Date: February 23, 2023 Todd Minnis Chairman of the Board of Directors /s/ MATTHEW TROXELL Date: February 23, 2023 Matthew Troxell Director /s/ ROBIN ZEIGLER Date: February 23, 2023 Robin Zeigler Director /s/ HEIDI EVERETT Date: February 23, 2023 Heidi Everett Director /s/ MICHAEL CHRISTODOLOU Date: February 23, 2023 Michael Christodolou Director 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Apparel Rio Grande City TX ) 2005 12/23/2019 to Years Apparel Laredo TX ) 2010 12/23/2019 to Years Apparel Odessa TX ) 2012 12/23/2019 to Years Auto Parts New Richmond WI ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Automotive Service Colorado Springs CO ) 1978 12/23/2019 to Years Banking Elizabethtown PA ) 1916 12/23/2019 to Years Banking Atco NJ ) 1920 12/23/2019 to Years Banking Vineland NJ ) 1973 12/23/2019 to Years Casual Dining Greensburg IN ) 2007 12/23/2019 to Years Discount Retail Holland MI ) 1994 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Indianapolis IN ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Deltona FL ) 2011 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Norman OK ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Houston TX ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Windham OH ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores McComb OH ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Birmingham OH ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Brookfield MA ) 2014 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Friedens PA ) 2014 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Strawberry Point IA ) 2016 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Belgrade MN ) 2016 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Lake City IA ) 2016 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Bogue Chitto MS ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Hurley MS ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Meridian MS ) 2014 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Buckatunna MS ) 2014 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Cleveland TX ) 2014 12/23/2019 to Years Dollar Stores Fox Lake WI ) 2018 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Fredericksburg VA ) 2008 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Indianapolis IN ) 2003 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Amelia OH ) 1999 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Clanton AL ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Franklin TN ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Hanover IN ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Hurricane WV ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Montgomery AL ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Warrior AL ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Waterford Charter Township MI ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Canton GA ) 2004 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Austin MN ) 1989 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Albuquerque NM ) 2010 12/23/2019 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Savannah GA ) 1998 12/23/2019 to Years Equipment Rental and Leasing Idaho Falls ID ) 2007 12/23/2019 to Years Farm Supplies Llano TX ) 2012 12/23/2019 to Years Farm Supplies Ballard UT ) 2015 12/23/2019 to Years Farm Supplies Wellington OH ) 2017 12/23/2019 to Years Farm Supplies Ottawa OH ) 2017 12/23/2019 to Years 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2006 12/23/2019 to Years Furniture Stores Jacksonville FL ) 1995 12/23/2019 to Years Gift, Novelty, and Souvenir Shops Little Rock AR ) 2012 12/23/2019 to Years Grocery Memphis TN ) 1987 12/23/2019 to Years Home Furnishings Smyrna TN ) 2011 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Pagosa Springs CO ) 2009 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Chattanooga TN ) 2000 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Spartanburg SC ) 1994 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Indian Land SC ) 2007 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Lexington NC ) 1997 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Macon GA ) 1997 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Junction City KS ) 1986 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Jackson MS ) 1978 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Phenix City AL ) 2017 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Grovetown GA ) 2013 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Marshall MN ) 2016 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Snead AL ) 1997 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Red Bay AL ) 2012 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Hueytown AL ) 2007 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Sedalia MO ) 2007 12/23/2019 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Shawnee OK ) 2006 12/23/2019 to Years Home Improvement Sioux City IA ) 2000 12/31/2019 to Years Discount Retail Flint MI ) 1996 1/7/2020 to Years Convenience Stores North Little Rock AR ) 1962 1/14/2020 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Wood River IL 2006 1/24/2020 Arts Crafts Fairfield OH ) 2015 1/27/2020 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Fort Smith AR ) 2019 1/31/2020 to Years Automotive Service Oswego IL ) 2008 2/3/2020 to Years Grocery Meyersdale PA ) 2010 2/4/2020 to Years Home Improvement Paintsville KY 1992 2/4/2020 Casual Dining Brandon MS ) 1997 2/5/2020 to Years Automotive Service Merrill WI ) 1992 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service Prattville AL ) 1998 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service New London WI ) 1998 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service Crawfordville FL ) 1998 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service Quincy FL ) 1989 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service Live Oak FL ) 2000 2/10/2020 to Years Automotive Service Wisconsin Rapids WI ) 1985 2/10/2020 to Years Quick Service Restaurants McKinney TX ) 2017 3/19/2020 to Years Discount Retail Longview TX ) 1994 3/26/2020 to Years Discount Retail Mishawaka IN ) 1985 3/26/2020 to Years Discount Retail Augusta GA ) 1985 3/26/2020 to Years Discount Retail Tucson AZ ) 1987 3/26/2020 to Years Convenience Stores North Little Rock AR ) 1989 4/3/2020 to Years Discount Retail Tupelo MS ) 1994 4/3/2020 to Years Auto Parts Roswell NM ) 1960 4/13/2020 to Years Discount Retail Waco TX ) 1986 4/17/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Baltimore MD ) 1945 5/6/2020 to Years General Retail Newark NY ) 1991 5/6/2020 to Years General Retail Riverdale GA ) 1995 5/8/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Chicago IL ) 1944 5/20/2020 to Years Discount Retail College Station TX ) 1993 6/8/2020 to Years 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2011 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Lindale TX ) 2005 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Tyler TX ) 2009 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Tyler TX ) 1990 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Tyler TX ) 1994 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Tyler TX ) 1984 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Brownsboro TX ) 1999 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Chandler TX ) 2013 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Chandler TX ) 1993 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Chandler TX ) 1987 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Grand Saline TX ) 1990 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Mineola TX ) 1995 6/15/2020 to Years Convenience Stores Whitehouse TX ) 1989 6/15/2020 to Years Healthcare Jacksonville FL ) 2016 6/19/2020 to Years Healthcare Jacksonville FL ) 2016 6/19/2020 to Years Home Improvement La Quinta CA ) 2005 6/19/2020 to Years Auto Parts West Peoria IL ) 1995 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Penn Hills PA ) 1995 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts St. Louis MO ) 1998 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Breckenridge Hills MO ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Brunswick GA ) 2000 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Fort Pierce FL ) 1997 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Lakeland FL ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Orlando FL ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Titusville FL ) 1998 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Claxton GA ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Griffin GA ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Gonzales LA ) 2000 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Bay St. Louis MS ) 1999 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Brookhaven MS ) 1998 6/29/2020 to Years Auto Parts Laurel MS ) 1998 6/29/2020 to Years General Retail Tupelo MS ) 1992 7/2/2020 to Years Home Improvement Orland Park IL ) 1993 7/2/2020 to Years Wholesale Warehouse Club Tupelo MS ) 1992 7/2/2020 to Years Auto Parts Barton VT ) 1890 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Newport NH ) 1979 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts St. Albans VT ) 1999 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Colebrook NH ) 1984 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Lancaster NH ) 1970 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Morristown VT ) 1962 8/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Bradford VT ) 1973 8/28/2020 to Years Home Improvement Salem VA ) 2010 9/14/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Little Rock AR ) 2019 9/25/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Little Rock AR ) 2009 9/28/2020 to Years Auto Parts Belpre OH ) 2014 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Springfield OH ) 1997 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Milwaukee (Fond du Lac Ave) WI ) 2004 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Wisconsin Rapids WI ) 2004 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Ebensburg PA ) 1997 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Lewistown PA ) 1997 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Ledgewood NJ ) 2016 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Egg Harbor Township NJ ) 2014 9/30/2020 to Years 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2017 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Ballston Spa NY ) 2014 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Manchester PA ) 2014 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Myerstown PA ) 2015 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Gettysburg PA ) 2016 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Middle River MD ) 2016 9/30/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Petersburg VA ) 2019 9/30/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Queensbury NY ) 2015 9/30/2020 to Years Home Improvement Fargo ND ) 2014 9/30/2020 to Years Auto Parts Odessa TX ) 2005 10/1/2020 to Years Auto Parts Demoote IN ) 2008 10/1/2020 to Years Auto Parts Greenwood SC ) 1967 10/1/2020 to Years Farm Supplies Weatherford OK ) 2008 10/13/2020 to Years Auto Parts Marianna FL ) 2020 10/14/2020 to Years Auto Parts Warner Robins GA ) 2006 10/30/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Pittsburgh PA ) 2017 10/30/2020 to Years Consumer Electronics Reynoldsburg OH ) 2004 11/9/2020 to Years Healthcare Allen TX ) 2008 11/24/2020 to Years Discount Retail Spokane Valley WA ) 1997 12/1/2020 to Years Equipment Rental and Leasing LeGrange GA ) 2018 12/3/2020 to Years Auto Parts Little Rock AR ) 2002 12/9/2020 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Semmes AL ) 1999 12/11/2020 to Years Grocery Beekman NY ) 1996 12/16/2020 to Years Dollar Stores Johnstown PA ) 2016 12/18/2020 to Years Auto Parts Bellows Falls VT ) 1949 12/21/2020 to Years Auto Parts Enosburg Falls VT ) 1895 12/21/2020 to Years Auto Parts South Barre VT ) 1965 12/21/2020 to Years Consumer Electronics Heath OH ) 1998 12/21/2020 to Years Discount Retail Dothan AL ) 2004 12/23/2020 to Years General Retail Kingston MA 2002 12/23/2020 Discount Retail Terre Haute IN ) 1989 12/28/2020 to Years Grocery Rowlett TX ) 1997 12/28/2020 to Years Grocery Dallas TX ) 1987 12/29/2020 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Warner Robins GA 2020 12/29/2020 Dollar Stores Chester PA ) 1996 12/31/2020 to Years Home Improvement Benton Harbor MI ) 2020 1/13/2021 to Years Healthcare Schnecksville PA ) 2018 1/29/2021 to Years Discount Retail Yuma AZ ) 2022 2/8/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Palm Coast FL ) 2020 2/12/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Birmingham AL ) 2013 2/12/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Waycross GA ) 2013 2/12/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Ocoee FL ) 2013 2/12/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Florida city FL ) 2012 2/12/2021 to Years Auto Parts Bridgeport CT ) 1972 2/22/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Thomasville NC ) 1956 3/24/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Petersburg VA ) 1997 3/24/2021 to Years Equipment Rental and Leasing Hilliard OH ) 2014 3/25/2021 to Years Auto Parts Utica NY ) 1996 3/26/2021 to Years Automotive Service Wichita KS ) 2000 3/26/2021 to Years Discount Retail Brunswick GA ) 1968 3/26/2021 to Years Discount Retail Houma LA ) 1998 3/29/2021 to Years Auto Parts Bellingham MA ) 2008 3/30/2021 to Years 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 ) 1991 3/30/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Olympia WA ) 1978 3/31/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Springfield IL ) 1989 3/31/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Fort Dodge IA ) 1985 3/31/2021 to Years Auto Parts Bethel VT ) 1948 3/31/2021 to Years Auto Parts Springfield VT ) 1975 3/31/2021 to Years Discount Retail Fort Dodge IA ) 1985 3/31/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Toledo OH ) 1972 3/31/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Franklin OH ) 2005 3/31/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Spencer IN ) 2010 3/31/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Indianapolis IN ) 1997 3/31/2021 to Years Farm Supplies Olympia WA ) 1978 3/31/2021 to Years Grocery Mt. Gilead OH ) 1988 3/31/2021 to Years Grocery Rio Rancho NM ) 2020 3/31/2021 to Years Home Improvement Merrillville IN ) 2007 3/31/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Hemingway SC ) 1985 4/16/2021 to Years Auto Parts Rocky Mount NC 2009 4/23/2021 Drug Stores Pharmacies Kenosha WI ) 1985 4/30/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Georgetown SC ) 1996 5/6/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Portola CA ) 1993 5/7/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Jamestown CA ) 1977 5/11/2021 to Years Discount Retail Kingsport TN ) 1963 5/11/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Auburn CA ) 1962 5/12/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Wallace CA ) 1979 5/13/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Colfax CA ) 1968 5/14/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Penn Valley CA ) 1990 5/14/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Fond Du Lac WI ) 2022 5/18/2021 to Years Discount Retail Fond Du Lac WI ) 2021 5/18/2021 to Years Convenience Stores Angels Camp CA ) 1981 5/27/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Heath OH ) 1998 6/17/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Indianapolis IN ) 2021 6/21/2021 to Years Grocery Monroe WI ) 2004 6/22/2021 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Bardstown KY ) 1985 6/23/2021 to Years Consumer Electronics Brownsville TX ) 2001 6/25/2021 to Years Consumer Electronics Toledo OH ) 1992 6/25/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Dayton OH ) 2000 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Schenectady NY ) 1997 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Dryden NY ) 2013 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Prattsburgh NY ) 2014 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Germantown NY ) 2020 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Lanesborough MA ) 2013 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Mayfield NY ) 2015 6/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Ballston Spa NY ) 2015 6/28/2021 to Years Grocery Dothan AL ) 2012 6/28/2021 to Years Consumer Electronics Burbank IL ) 1997 6/29/2021 to Years Discount Retail Southgate MI ) 1969 6/29/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Oklahoma City OK ) 1981 6/29/2021 to Years Home Improvement Alsip IL ) 2015 6/29/2021 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Oklahoma City OK 2008 6/29/2021 Arts Crafts Washington PA ) 2014 6/30/2021 to Years Discount Retail Bowling Green KY ) 1989 6/30/2021 to Years Home Improvement Sioux Falls SD ) 2022 7/8/2021 to Years 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2005 7/16/2021 to Years Auto Parts Houma LA ) 2009 8/10/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Sumter SC ) 1975 8/23/2021 to Years Discount Retail Sumter SC ) 1975 8/23/2021 to Years Discount Retail California MD ) 2001 9/8/2021 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Danville IN ) 2021 9/13/2021 to Years Healthcare Houston TX ) 1993 9/14/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Iva SC ) 2005 9/20/2021 to Years Discount Retail Dunbar WV ) 2017 9/30/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Akron OH ) 1946 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Cottonwood AZ ) 1999 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Peoria AZ ) 1999 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Overland Park KS ) 1998 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Louisville KY ) 1998 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Rio Rancho NM ) 2000 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Mentor OH ) 1997 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Moline IL ) 2000 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Decatur IL ) 1999 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Hammond IN ) 2000 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Edinburg TX ) 2000 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Rockford IL ) 1991 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Chicago IL ) 1997 9/30/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Jerseyville IL ) 2014 9/30/2021 to Years Healthcare Rantoul IL ) 2011 9/30/2021 to Years Healthcare Danville IL ) 2020 9/30/2021 to Years Healthcare Urbana IL ) 2018 9/30/2021 to Years Grocery Slidell LA ) 1995 10/13/2021 to Years Grocery Slidell LA ) 1999 10/13/2021 to Years Discount Retail Oakwood OH ) 1991 10/20/2021 to Years Casual Dining Avondale IL 2014 10/25/2021 Health and Fitness Avondale IL ) 1984 10/25/2021 to Years Home Improvement Avondale IL ) 1984 10/25/2021 to Years Home Improvement Racine WI ) 1991 10/27/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Flagstaff AZ ) 1979 10/28/2021 to Years Discount Retail Oroville CA ) 1999 10/28/2021 to Years Equipment Rental and Leasing Warner Robins GA ) 2021 10/28/2021 to Years Home Improvement Green Bay WI ) 1992 10/28/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Woodland AL ) 2022 11/12/2021 to Years Equipment Rental and Leasing Cortland OH ) 2015 11/15/2021 to Years Consumer Electronics Baton Rouge LA ) 1997 11/24/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Springfield OH ) 1950 11/24/2021 to Years Arts Crafts Sheboygan WI ) 2022 12/3/2021 to Years Discount Retail Sheboygan WI ) 2022 12/3/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Oklahoma City OK ) 2006 12/8/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Harper Woods MI ) 1972 12/9/2021 to Years Automotive Service Middletown OH ) 1974 12/10/2021 to Years Automotive Service Hamilton OH ) 1922 12/10/2021 to Years Automotive Service Hamilton OH ) 1964 12/10/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Columbus GA ) 2003 12/13/2021 to Years 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2005 12/13/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Gales Ferry CT ) 2012 12/21/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies St. Joseph MI ) 2015 12/21/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies El Centro CA ) 2002 12/21/2021 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Groton CT ) 2004 12/21/2021 to Years Discount Retail Bowie MD ) 1996 12/22/2021 to Years Discount Retail Grand Island NE ) 1990 12/23/2021 to Years Auto Parts Syracuse NY ) 2004 12/29/2021 to Years Auto Parts Golden CO ) 2009 12/30/2021 to Years Auto Parts Lithonia GA ) 1996 12/30/2021 to Years Dollar Stores Charlotte NC ) 2012 12/30/2021 to Years Grocery Omaha NE ) 2010 1/19/2022 to Years Arts Crafts Douglas GA ) 2021 1/21/2022 to Years Healthcare Denton TX ) 1982 1/28/2022 to Years Auto Parts Decatur GA ) 1999 2/11/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Fair Haven VT ) 1960 2/17/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Morehead City NC ) 2002 2/18/2022 to Years Home Improvement Litchfield IL ) 2022 3/4/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Mobile AL ) 2003 3/10/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Monticello GA ) 2016 3/14/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Overton NV ) 2012 3/15/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Naturita CO ) 2014 3/15/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Milford UT ) 2015 3/15/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Shartlesville PA ) 2018 3/15/2022 to Years Home Improvement Edgewood NM ) 2022 3/15/2022 to Years Healthcare Houston TX ) 2014 3/24/2022 to Years Healthcare Amarillo TX ) 2012 3/24/2022 to Years Healthcare Kaufman TX ) 2008 3/24/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Ely NV ) 2014 3/25/2022 to Years Arts Crafts Dothan AL ) 1970 3/30/2022 to Years Casual Dining Dothan AL ) 2003 3/30/2022 to Years Grocery Dothan AL ) 1968 3/30/2022 to Years Quick Service Restaurants Dothan AL ) 2011 3/30/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Livonia MI ) 1956 3/31/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Lower Burrell PA ) 2018 3/31/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Lewistown PA ) 2019 3/31/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Orrstown PA ) 2019 3/31/2022 to Years General Retail Kansas City KS ) 2014 3/31/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies West Allis WI ) 2008 4/18/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Magdelena NM ) 2009 4/19/2022 to Years Grocery Tonawanda NY ) 2001 4/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Penasco NM ) 2009 5/2/2022 to Years Automotive Service Mayfield OH ) 1968 5/13/2022 to Years Casual Dining Mayfield OH ) 1968 5/13/2022 to Years Grocery La Place LA ) 1997 5/13/2022 to Years Grocery Tonawanda NY ) 2001 6/13/2022 to Years Auto Parts Sparks NV ) 1980 6/24/2022 to Years Farm Supplies Sparks NV ) 1980 6/24/2022 to Years Home Improvement Sparks NV ) 1980 6/24/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Tulare CA ) 2009 6/28/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Fort Wayne IN ) 2010 6/28/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Noblesville IN ) 2009 6/28/2022 to Years 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2009 6/28/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Newport News VA ) 2009 6/28/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Yorktown VA ) 2009 6/28/2022 to Years Grocery Palmdale CA ) 2000 6/28/2022 to Years Specialty Palmdale CA ) 2000 6/28/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Springfield IL ) 1980 6/30/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Buffalo NY ) 2019 6/30/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Athens GA ) 2009 7/1/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Rockford IL ) 2009 7/1/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies New Orleans LA ) 2009 7/1/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Bismarck ND ) 2009 7/1/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Las Vegas NV ) 2009 7/1/2022 to Years Grocery Harrison MI ) 2001 7/26/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Oglethorpe GA ) 2009 8/3/2022 to Years Grocery Janesville WI ) 2015 8/17/2022 to Years Auto Parts Marion IN ) 1961 9/8/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Marion IN ) 1961 9/8/2022 to Years Auto Parts Bluefield WV ) 1996 9/20/2022 to Years Discount Retail Forest City NC ) 1989 9/20/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Bluefield WV ) 1996 9/20/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Philadelphia PA 1997 9/21/2022 Dollar Stores Lithia Springs GA ) 2011 9/23/2022 to Years Grocery Orange City IA ) 2017 9/23/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Swansea IL ) 1997 9/28/2022 to Years Discount Retail Elizabeth City NC ) 1993 9/29/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Salisbury NC ) 2006 9/29/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Statesville NC ) 2005 9/29/2022 to Years Drug Stores Pharmacies Farmville VA ) 2015 9/29/2022 to Years Grocery Elizabeth City NC ) 1993 9/29/2022 to Years Discount Retail Fond du Lac WI ) 1973 9/30/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Detroit MI ) 1960 9/30/2022 to Years Grocery Covington LA ) 2008 9/30/2022 to Years Grocery New Haven IN ) 1977 10/3/2022 to Years Dollar Stores South Park PA 2015 10/25/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Providence RI 1995 11/8/2022 to Years Automotive Service Douglas GA 2022 11/10/2022 to Years Sporting Goods Cranberry Township PA ) 2012 12/15/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Baldwin MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Bemidji MN ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Benton Harbor MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Blanchard MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Crystal MI ) 2021 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Kalamazoo MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores South Haven MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Three Rivers MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Wabeno WI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Walkerville MI ) 2022 12/21/2022 to Years Specialty Tysons VA ) 1978 12/28/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Chipley FL ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Alford FL ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Glennville GA ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Ennice NC ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years Dollar Stores Douglas GA ) 2022 12/29/2022 to Years Grocery Greenfield WI ) 1970 12/29/2022 to Years ) 
 
 (1) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is billion (unaudited). 
 (2) Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is up to years for buildings and up to years for building improvements. 
 (3) The acquisition dates for properties acquired prior to December 23, 2019 are stated at the Company s Private Offering and formation transactions date of December 23, 2019. 
 (4) Properties with no building value represent a property for which the Company owns only the land, therefore depreciation and estimated life for depreciation are not applicable. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of carrying value for land and building and improvements for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Additions Acquisitions Improvements Property under development completed and placed in service Deductions Reclasses to held for sale ) ) ) Provisions for impairment ) Involuntary conversion of assets (1) 
 ) Dispositions ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 (1) The Company incurred significant damage to a property in Houma, Louisiana as a result of Hurricane Ida making landfall in August 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a loss based on estimated damages of million in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of accumulated depreciation for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Additions Depreciation expense Deductions Reclasses to held for sale ) ) ) Involuntary conversion of assets (1) 
 ) Dispositions ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 (1) The Company incurred significant damage to a property in Houma, Louisiana as a result of Hurricane Ida making landfall in August 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a loss based on estimated damages of million in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

See report of independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

7/26/2023 Interest only Balloon of million 
 None Discount Retail Madera CA 6/30/2023 Interest only Balloon of million 
 None 
 
 The following shows changes in the carrying amounts of mortgage loans receivable, net during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Balance, beginning of period Additions: New mortgage loans receivable Other: Capitalized loan origination costs Deductions: Other: Amortization of loan origination costs ) Balance, end of period 

See report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

94 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 conformed-netstreitxarticl.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

 Conformed Copy as of February 2023 
 
 NETSTREIT CORP. 
 
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 
 FIRST NETSTREIT Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), desires to amend and restate its charter as currently in effect and as hereinafter amended. 
 SECOND The following provisions are all the provisions of the charter currently in effect and as hereinafter amended 
 ARTICLE I 
 INCORPORATOR 
 Mark Manheimer, whose address is c o 5910 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1600, Dallas, Texas 75206, being at least 18 years of age, formed a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland on October 11, 2019. 
 ARTICLE II 
 NAME 
 The name of the corporation (the Corporation is 
 NETSTREIT Corp. 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSE 
 The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity (including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute (the Code )) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force. For purposes of the charter of the Corporation (the Charter ), REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or any successor provision. 
 1 

ARTICLE IV 
 PRINCIPAL OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT 
 The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is c o The Corporation Trust, Incorporated, 2405 York Road, Suite 201, Lutherville, MD 21093. The name of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is The Corporation Trust, Incorporated, whose post address is 2405 York Road, Suite 201, Lutherville, MD 21093. The resident agent is a Maryland corporation. 
 ARTICLE V 
 PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING 
 AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE 
 CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS 
 Section 5.1 Number of Directors . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors or the Board ). The number of directors of the Corporation is two, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Bylaws of the Corporation, as the same may be amended or restated (the Bylaws ), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ). The names of the directors who shall serve until the first annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualify are 
 Mark Manheimer 
 Todd Minnis 
 
 Any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 
 The Corporation elects, effective at such time as it becomes eligible under Section 3-802 of the MGCL to make the election provided for under Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of stock, any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors remaining in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 Section 5.2 Extraordinary Actions . Except as specifically provided in Section 5.8 (relating to removal of directors) and in Article VIII (relating to amendments to the Charter), notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Section 5.3 Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance . The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its 
 2 

stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws. 
 Section 5.4 Preemptive and Appraisal Rights . Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 6.4 or as may otherwise be provided by a contract approved by the Board of Directors, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell. Holders of shares of stock shall not be entitled to exercise any rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute unless the Board of Directors upon such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Board of Directors, determines that such rights apply, with respect to all or any shares of all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights. 
 Section 5.5 Indemnification . To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity and (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, member, manager, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity, in either case, from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in the Charter shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 
 Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or the Bylaws inconsistent with this Section, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 3 

Section 5.6 Determinations by Board . The determination as to any of the following matters, made by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, acquisition of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been set aside, paid or discharged) any interpretation or resolution of any ambiguity with respect to any provision of the Charter (including any of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation) or of the Bylaws the number of authorized or outstanding shares of stock of any class or series of the Corporation the value, fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the value, or fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Corporation any interpretation of the terms and conditions of one or more agreements with any person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other entity the compensation of directors, officers, employees or agents of the Corporation or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 5.7 REIT Qualification . If the Corporation elects to qualify for federal income tax treatment as a REIT, the Board of Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of the Corporation as a REIT however, if the Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT, the Board of Directors may terminate the Corporation s status as a REIT pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code. The Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, also may (a) determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership and transfers set forth in Article VII is no longer required for REIT qualification and (b) make any other determination or take any other action pursuant to Article VII. 
 Section 5.8 Removal of Directors . Subject to the rights of holders of shares of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock (as defined below) to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, but only by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 Section 5.9 Corporate Opportunities . (a) For so long as EB Arrow Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), and any of the Sponsor s Affiliates (each, a Sponsor Designee collectively own at least 1.0 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (as defined below) and common operating partnership units of the Operating Partnership, taken together 
 4 

(i) If any director or officer of the Corporation who is also an employee or Affiliate (as defined in Section 5.9(c) below) of Sponsor, or any of the Sponsor Designees, acquires knowledge of a potential business opportunity, the Corporation renounces, on its behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries, any potential interest or expectation in, or right to be offered or to participate in, such business opportunity, unless it is a Retained Opportunity (as defined in Section 5.9(b) below). 
 (ii) Except for Retained Opportunities, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, the Sponsor, its Affiliates, each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, actuaries, consultants or financial advisors or any other Person (as such term is defined in Article VII) associated with or acting on behalf of the Sponsor or its Affiliates (collectively, the Representatives ), and any Sponsor Designee, has the right to, and has no duty not to (x) directly or indirectly engage in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Corporation, including those deemed to be competing with the Corporation, or (y) directly or indirectly do business with any client, customer or supplier of the Corporation. 
 
 (iii) In the event that the Sponsor, any Representative of the Sponsor or any Sponsor Designee acquires knowledge of a potential business opportunity (other than a Retained Opportunity), the Sponsor, such Representative or such Sponsor Designee shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, have no duty to communicate or present such opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, and shall not be liable to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, direct or indirect subsidiaries, stockholders or other equity holders for breach of any duty by reason of the fact that the Sponsor, such Representative or such Sponsor Designee, directly or indirectly, pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another Person, or does not present such opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 (iv) Except for Retained Opportunities, (A) no Sponsor Designee is required to present, communicate or offer any business opportunity to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries and (B) each Sponsor Designee, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of the Sponsor or its Affiliates, shall have the right to hold and exploit any business opportunity, or to direct, recommend, offer, sell, assign or otherwise transfer such business opportunity to any person or entity other than the Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 
 (v) The taking by a Sponsor Designee for himself or herself, or the offering or other transfer to another person or entity, of any potential business opportunity, other than a Retained Opportunity, whether pursuant to the Charter or otherwise, shall not constitute or be construed or interpreted as (A) an act or omission of the director committed in bad faith or as the result of active or deliberate dishonesty or (B) receipt by the director of an improper benefit or profit in money, property, services or otherwise. 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Section 5.9, the term Retained Opportunity shall mean any business opportunity of which any Sponsor Designee or other Representative of the Sponsor (i) becomes aware as a direct result of his, her or its capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and (ii)(A) which the Corporation is financially able to undertake, (B) which the Corporation is not prohibited by contract or applicable law from pursuing or undertaking, (C) which, from its nature, is in the line of the Corporation s business, (D) which is of practical advantage to the Corporation and (E) in which the Corporation has an interest or a reasonable expectancy. 
 5 

(c) For purposes of this Section 5.9, the term Affiliate shall, mean with respect to any specified Person, (i) any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person or (ii) in the event that the specified Person is a natural Person, a member of the immediate family of such Person provided that the Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Sponsor. As used in this definition, the term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 (d) The Corporation shall have the power, by resolution of the Board of Directors, to renounce any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities or classes or categories of business opportunities that are presented to the Corporation or developed by or presented to one or more directors or officers of the Corporation. 
 Section 5.10. Increase in Directors . As such time as may be required by Section 3 of the Registration Rights Agreement among the Corporation and Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, as the initial purchaser placement agent for the benefit of participants in a certain private offering by the Company of shares of its common stock, and their direct and indirect transferees, as in effect from time to time (the Registration Rights Agreement ), the number of directors of the Corporation shall increase automatically by two. As such time as may be required by Section 5 of the Investor Rights Agreement among Tilden Park Investment Master Fund LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership M.H. Davidson & Co., a New York limited partnership, Davidson Kempner Partners, a New York limited partnership, Davidson Kempner Institutional Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and Davidson Kempner International, Ltd., a British Virgin Islands business company, Long Pond US Master, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and Long Pond Offshore (I) LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and the Corporation (the Investor Rights Agreement ), the number of directors of the Corporation shall increase automatically by an additional two provided , however , that the total number of directors of the Corporation shall not increase by more than four by virtue of this Section 5.10. 
 
 Section 5.11. Subtitle 8. In accordance with Section 3-802(c) of the MGCL, the Corporation is prohibited from electing to be subject to the provision of Sections 3-803 of the MGCL, unless such election is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 6 

ARTICLE VI 
 STOCK 
 Section 6.1 Authorized Shares . The Corporation has authority to issue 500,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Common Stock ), and 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share Preferred Stock ). The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is 5,000,000. If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of stock pursuant to Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 of this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. The Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire Board and without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Corporation has authority to issue. 
 Section 6.2 Common Stock . Subject to the provisions of Section 6.6(c) and Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter upon which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to vote. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock. 

Section 6.3 Preferred Stock . The Board of Directors may classify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any class or series from time to time into shares of one or more classes or series of stock. 

Section 6.4 Classified or Reclassified Shares . Prior to the issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series of stock, the Board of Directors by resolution shall (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series (c) set or change, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series and (d) cause the Corporation to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland. Any of the terms of any class or series of stock set or changed pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.4 may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary or other Charter document. 
 
 Section 6.5 Charter and Bylaws . The rights of all stockholders and the terms of all stock of the Corporation are subject to the provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws. 
 
 7 

Section 6.6 Special Dividends . Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking, as to liquidation or distributions, senior to the Common Stock, if any, for so long as that certain Registration Rights Agreement, to be dated on or about December 23, 2019 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), by and among the Company and Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, a Missouri corporation Stifel ), remains in effect 
 (a) The holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive Special Dividends (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) when, as and if authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Corporation, payable in such form, in such amounts and at such times as may be required from time to time by the Registration Rights Agreement, which Special Dividends shall cumulate and accrue on each outstanding share of Common Stock, and shall remain accrued on outstanding shares of Common Stock, as and to the extent provided from time to time by the Registration Rights Agreement. Shares of Common Stock issuable upon payment of Special Dividends shall be, when issued, validly issued, fully paid, outstanding, and non-assessable. 
 (b) Shares of Common Stock that are from time to time issuable upon payment of any accrued but unpaid Special Dividends, whether or not declared PIK Common Shares ), are not outstanding shares of Common Stock, and holders of shares of Common Stock upon which Special Dividends have accrued shall have no rights as stockholders with respect to any PIK Common Shares until issued, including the power to transfer PIK Common Shares or, except as set expressly forth in Section 6.6(c), rights to vote or receive dividends or other distributions with respect to PIK Common Shares. 
 (c) If any Special Dividend is accrued upon any outstanding share of Common Stock but has not been paid (regardless of whether such Special Dividend has been declared or has become payable) as of the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive notice of, or vote at, any meeting of stockholders or the determination of stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend (other than a Special Dividend) or any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose, the holder of each share of Common Stock shall have the right to vote, and the right to receive dividends or any other distributions declared and paid upon the Common Stock (except Special Dividends), as if any and all PIK Common Shares issuable upon the payment of all Special Dividends accrued but not paid on such share of Common Stock as of such record date were issued and outstanding and held by the holder of such share of Common Stock as of such record date provided , that any fractional number of votes that a holder of shares of Common Stock would be entitled to cast after the aggregation of all votes entitled to be cast by such holder shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of votes. 
 (d) Only the holder of record of a share of Common Stock upon which any Special Dividends have accrued but have not been paid as of the record date for any Special Dividend shall be entitled to receive PIK Common Shares in payment of such Special Dividend, notwithstanding the transfer of any such share of Common Stock on the books and records of the Corporation before or after the record date for any Special Dividend. For the avoidance of doubt, no dividends or other distributions, including Special Dividends, shall accrue or be payable on any PIK Common Shares, and PIK Common Shares are not transferrable upon the books and records of the Corporation, unless and until such PIK Common Shares are issued upon payment of Special Dividends or a Conversion (as defined below). The holder of record of any share of Common Stock upon which any Special Dividend is then accrued but is not paid shall notify the Secretary of the Corporation and any transfer agent for the Common Stock, according to instructions provided by the Corporation or any such transfer agent, of any proposed sale, transfer or other disposition of such share at least three (3) business days in advance of the effective date of such permitted sale, transfer or other disposition. 
 8 

(e) If, immediately before the open of business on the day after each Payment Date or the Conversion End Date (as each such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), any Special Dividend is accrued and unpaid on any share of Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on such Payment Date or Conversion End Date (each such date, a Conversion Date ), each share of Common Stock outstanding shall automatically be converted into the right to receive (i) one share of Common Stock plus (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of PIK Common Shares payable with respect to any Special Dividend that is accrued but unpaid with regard to such share of Common Stock as of the close of business on the applicable Conversion Date (a Conversion ), unless the applicable Conversion Date falls after a record date fixed for payment of any Special Dividend and before the corresponding payment date for such Special Dividend, in which case, each holder of shares of Common Stock on such record date shall be entitled to the PIK Common Shares payable on such shares of Common Stock on the corresponding payment date for such Special Dividend (and such PIK Common Shares shall not be taken into account when determining the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the Conversion), notwithstanding the consummation of a Conversion. Upon the conversion of any share of Common Stock in accordance with this Section 6.6(e), all accrued and unpaid Special Dividends (other than a Special Dividend that has been declared but not yet paid as of the applicable Conversion Date) shall be cancelled and shall cease to be payable on any such converted shares of Common Stock. In the event of a Conversion, any certificates formerly representing outstanding shares of Common Stock will thereafter be deemed to represent the number of shares of Common Stock issued in connection with a Conversion, until the certificates, if any, representing such additional shares of Common Stock are exchanged for new certificates. As promptly as practicable after the presentation and surrender for conversion, during usual business hours, at any office or agency of the Corporation, of any certificate representing certificated shares (or fractions of shares) of Common Stock that, as a result of a Conversion, have been converted into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the Corporation shall issue and deliver at such office or agency, to or upon the written order of the holder thereof, a certificate representing such greater number of shares of Common Stock. The issuance of any certificates for shares of Common Stock issuable upon a Conversion shall be made without charge to the converting holder for any tax imposed on the Corporation in respect to the issue thereof. The Corporation shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be payable with respect to any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the registered holder of the shares issued in connection with a Conversion, and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver any such certificate unless and until the person requesting the issue thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or has established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. 
 (f) The Corporation shall make available to each holder of Common Stock such information as may be required from time to time by the Registration Rights Agreement, at such times and in such manner as may be required from time to time by the Registration Rights Agreement, regarding the occurrence of any Special Dividend Accrual Event (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), Special Dividend Satisfaction Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), and (3) Conversion End Date provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice or any defect in it shall not affect the validity of any transaction referred to in this Article VI. 
 9 

ARTICLE VII 
 RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 
 
 Section 7.1 Definitions . For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, another Person controlled by, controlling or under common control with such Person. 
 Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit . The term Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 
 Beneficial Ownership . The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(1)(B) of the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 Business Day . The term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 Capital Stock . The term Capital Stock shall mean all classes or series of stock of the Corporation, including, without limitation, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 
 Charitable Beneficiary . The term Charitable Beneficiary shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.6, provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 
 Common Stock Ownership Limit . The term Common Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 
 Constructive Ownership . The term Constructive Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. The terms Constructive Owner, Constructively Owns and Constructively Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 10 

ERISA . The term ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ERISA Investor . The term ERISA Investor shall mean (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA, or a plan described in section 4975 of the Code (including, without limitation, foreign plans and governmental plans) (each, a Plan ), (ii) an entity whose underlying assets include (pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulation) the assets of a Plan by reason of the Plan s direct or indirect investment in such entity, or (iii) an entity that otherwise constitutes a benefit plan investor within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation. 
 Excepted Holder . The term Excepted Holder shall mean a stockholder of the Corporation for whom an Excepted Holder Limit is created by the Charter or by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 
 Excepted Holder Limit . The term Excepted Holder Limit shall mean the percentage limit established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 and subject to any increase pursuant to Section 7.2.7 or decrease pursuant to Section 7.2.7(d). 
 Insignificant Participation Exception . The term Insignificant Participation Exception shall mean the exception under the Plan Assets Regulation which provides that an ERISA Investor s assets will not include any of the underlying assets of an entity in which it invests if at all times less than 25 of the value of each class of equity interests in the entity is held by ERISA Investors as determined under such Plan Assets Regulation. 
 Initial Date . The term Initial Date shall mean the date of the closing of the first issuance of shares of Common Stock in the private offering pursuant to a purchase placement agreement between the Corporation and Stifel. 
 Market Price . The term Market Price on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding shares of Capital Stock, the Closing Price for such Capital Stock on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Capital Stock, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Capital Stock, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Capital Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any National Securities Exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Capital Stock is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Capital Stock selected by the Board of Directors or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Capital Stock, the fair market value of the Capital Stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. 
 11 

NYSE . The term NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Person . The term Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company, government, government subdivision, agency or instrumentality or other entity. 
 Plan Assets Regulation . The term Plan Assets Regulation shall mean Section 2510.3-101 of the regulations of the Department of Labor. 
 Preferred Stock Ownership Limit . The term Preferred Stock Ownership Limit shall mean not more than 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of any class or series of Preferred Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 
 Prohibited Owner . The term Prohibited Owner shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of this Article VII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares of Capital Stock that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 
 Restriction Termination Date . The term Restriction Termination Date shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board of Directors determines pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Charter that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the applicable restriction or limitation on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of shares of Capital Stock set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Corporation to qualify as a REIT. 
 Transfer . The term Transfer shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire or change its Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, or any agreement to take any such action or cause any such event, of Capital Stock or the right to vote (other than solely pursuant to a revocable proxy) or receive dividends on Capital Stock, including (a) the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any interest in Capital Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (c) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The term Transferred shall have the correlative meaning. 
 12 

Trust . The term Trust shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.3.1. 
 Trustee . The term Trustee shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and a Prohibited Owner that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of the Trust. 
 Section 7.2 Capital Stock . 
 Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations . During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date, but subject to Section 7.4 
 (a) Basic Restrictions . Except as provided in Section 7.2.7, 
 (i) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, (3) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Preferred Stock in excess of the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit and (4) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder. 
 (ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT (including, without limitation, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership that would result in the Corporation owning (actually or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if the income derived by the Corporation from such tenant would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code). 
 (iii) Any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock that, if effective, would result in the Capital Stock being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 
 (iv) During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the date that either (1) each class of Capital Stock qualifies as a class of publicly-offered securities (within the meaning of Section 2510.3-101(b)(2) of the Plan Assets Regulation) or (2) the Corporation qualifies for another exception to the Plan Assets Regulation (other than the Insignificant Participation Exception), no Transfer shall occur that, if effective, would result in 25 or more of any class of Capital Stock being Beneficially Owned by one or more ERISA Investors. 
 13 

(b) Transfer in Trust . If any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv), 
 (i) then, for each such investor except an ERISA Investor, that number of shares of the Capital Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) (rounded up to the nearest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares or 
 (ii) (1) if the transfer to the Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (2) if the investor is an ERISA Investor, then the Transfer of that number of shares of Capital Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 
 To the extent that, upon a transfer of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to this Section 7.2.1(b), a violation of any provision of this Article VII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of shares of Capital Stock by a single Trust would violate the 100 stockholder requirement applicable to REITs), then shares of Capital Stock shall be transferred to that number of Trusts, each having a distinct Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VII. 
 Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach . If the Board of Directors shall at any time determine that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board of Directors may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event provided , however , that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust described above for any investor except an ERISA Investor, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void ab initio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer . Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of shares of Capital Stock that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a) or any Person who would have owned shares of Capital Stock that resulted in a transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporation s status as a REIT. 
 14 

Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information . From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date 
 (a) every owner of five percent or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Corporation stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of Capital Stock of each class or series Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Each such owner shall promptly provide to the Corporation in writing such additional information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Corporation s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit and any Excepted Holder Limit and 
 (b) each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Capital Stock and each Person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding Capital Stock for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall promptly provide to the Corporation in writing such information as the Corporation may request, in order to determine the Corporation s status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited . Subject to Section 5.7 of the Charter, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation in preserving the Corporation s status as a REIT. 
 Section 7.2.6 Ambiguity . In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board of Directors may determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 or any such definition with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 requires an action by the Board of Directors and the Charter fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors may determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Section 7.1, Section 7.2 or Section 7.3. Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board of Directors, if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 7.2.2) acquired Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the shares of Capital Stock which, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such shares of Capital Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Capital Stock held by each such Person. 
 15 

Section 7.2.7 Exceptions . 
 (a) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), upon receipt of such representations and agreements as the Board of Directors may require, the Board of Directors, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a Person from the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit and or the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person. 
 (b) Prior to granting any exception or creating or increasing an Excepted Holder Limit pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Corporation s status as a REIT. Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board of Directors may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting such exception. 
 (c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter, placement agent or initial purchaser which participates in a public offering or a private placement of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit, or any such limits, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement. 
 (d) The Board of Directors may only revoke an exemption previously granted to an Excepted Holder or reduce an Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder (1) with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time, or (2) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit and or the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be. 
 (e) The Board of Directors, upon receipt of a ruling from the Department of Labor or an opinion of counsel in each case to the effect that the Corporation will not fail to qualify for the Insignificant Participation Exception or another applicable exception to the Plan Asset Regulation, may exempt an ERISA Investor from the restriction contained in Section 7.2.1(a)(iv), provided that the Board of Directors obtains such representations and undertakings from such ERISA Investor as are reasonably necessary to ascertain the foregoing. 
 Section 7.2.8 Increase or Decrease in Common Stock Ownership Limit, Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit or Preferred Stock Ownership Limit . Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) and this Section 7.2.8, the Board of Directors may from time to time increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for one or more Persons and increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for all other Persons. No decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit will be effective for any Person whose percentage of ownership of Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, until such time as such Person s percentage of ownership of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable provided , however , any further acquisition of Capital Stock by any such Person (other than a Person for whom an exemption has been 
 16 

granted pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a) or an Excepted Holder) in excess of the Capital Stock owned by such person on the date the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit, Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, became effective will be in violation of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable. No increase to the Common Stock Ownership Limit, the Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit may be approved if the new Common Stock Ownership Limit, Preferred Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit would allow five or fewer Persons to Beneficially Own, in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of the outstanding Capital Stock or would otherwise cause the Corporation to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Section 7.2.9 Legend . Each certificate, if any, or any notice in lieu of any certificate, for shares of Capital Stock shall bear a legend summarizing the restrictions on ownership and transfer contained herein. Instead of a legend, the certificate, if any, may state that the Corporation will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge. 
 Section 7.3 Transfer of Capital Stock in Trust . 
 Section 7.3.1 Ownership in Trust . Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust, such shares of Capital Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Trustee shall be appointed by the Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 7.3.6. 
 Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held by the Trustee . Shares of Capital Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust. 
 Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Voting Rights . The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation 
 17 

that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or other distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee. Any dividend or other distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustee s sole and absolute discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust and (ii) to recast such vote provided , however , that if the Corporation has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its stock transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes and determining the other rights of stockholders. 
 Section 7.3.4 Sale of Shares by Trustee . Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a person, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.4. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust did not involve a purchase of such shares at Market Price, the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. The Trustee may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner and any other amounts held by the Trustee with respect to such shares shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.4, such excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand. 
 Section 7.3.5 Purchase Right in Stock Transferred to the Trustee . Shares of Capital Stock transferred to the Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid by the Prohibited Owners for the shares (or, if the event causing the shares to be held in Trust did not involve a purchase of such shares at Market Price, the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Corporation may reduce the amount payable to the Trustee by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. The Corporation will pay the amount of such reduction to the Trustee for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. The Corporation shall have the right to accept such offer until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.4. Upon such a sale to the Corporation, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and any 
 18 

dividends or other amounts held by the Trustee with respect to the shares to the Charitable Beneficiary. 
 Section 7.3.6 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries . By written notice to the Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries of the interest in the Trust such that the shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries. Neither the failure of the Corporation to make such designation nor the failure of the Corporation to appoint the Trustee before the automatic transfer provided in Section 7.2.1(b) shall make such transfer ineffective, provided that the Corporation thereafter makes such designation and appointment. 
 Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions . Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other National Securities Exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII. 
 Section 7.5 Enforcement . The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII. 
 Section 7.6 Non-Waiver . No delay or failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board of Directors in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 AMENDMENTS 
 The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except as set forth in this Article VIII and except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by specific provision in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Any amendment to Section 5.8 of the Charter or to this sentence of the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Any amendment to Section 5.10 or Section 6.6 of the Charter or this sentence shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter and such additional approval as may then be required by Section 3 of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 19 

ARTICLE IX 
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 THIRD The amendment to and restatement of the charter as hereinabove set forth have been duly advised by the Board of Directors and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law. 
 FOURTH The current address of the principal office of the Corporation is as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 FIFTH The name and address of the Corporation s current resident agent are as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 SIXTH The number of directors of the Corporation and the names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article V of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 
 SEVENTH The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be 
 20 

verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of such officer s knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and attested to by its Secretary on this 20 th day of December, 2019. 
 
 ATTEST NETSTREIT CORP. 

s Kirk Klatt _______________ By s Mark Manheimer _________(SEAL) 
 Name Kirk Klatt Name Mark Manheimer 
 Title Secretary Title President 

22 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 ntst-arbylawsfebruary2023x.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

NETSTREIT CORP. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BYLAWS 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of NETSTREIT Corp. (the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine that a meeting not be held at any place, but instead may be held partially or solely by means of remote communication. In accordance with these Bylaws and subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, stockholders and proxy holders may participate in any meeting of stockholders held by means of remote communication and may vote at such meeting as permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 
 (a) General . Each of the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president and Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage ). 
 56648522-v14 

(b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings . (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary. 
 (2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary. 
 (3) The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives, on behalf of the Corporation, payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 
 56648522-v14 

(4) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m., local time, on the 90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
 (5) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting from time to time without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (6) The chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been received by the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after actual receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 56648522-v14 

(7) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders, if information submitted pursuant to any of the provisions in this Section 3(b) by any stockholder proposing business to be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders is inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 3(b). Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information. Upon written request by the secretary of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or other such period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(b), and (B) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such business proposal before the special meeting). If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 3(b). 
 (8) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 Section 4. NOTICE . Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business, by electronic transmission or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
 Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chair of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the chair of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of the board, by one of the following individuals present at the meeting in the following order the vice chair of the board, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and, within each rank, in their order of seniority, the secretary, or, in the absence of such officers, a chair chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the secretary, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the person holding the office named herein may delegate to another person the power to act as chair or secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting. The chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance or participation at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (c) recognizing speakers at the meeting and determining when and for how long speakers and any individual speaker may address the meeting (d) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed and when announcement of the results should be made (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting (g) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place either (i) announced at the meeting or (ii) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting and (h) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with any rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting may conclude the meeting or adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. The date, time and place of the meeting, as reconvened, shall be either (a) announced at the meeting or (b) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting. 
 The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 7. VOTING . Except as otherwise provided in the Charter with respect to directors to be elected by the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation and in these Bylaws with respect to the filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors, a nominee shall be elected as a director only if such nominee receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present provided, however, that directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present for which (i) the secretary of the Corporation receives notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with the requirements of advance notice of stockholder nominees for director set forth in Article II, Section 11 of these Bylaws, and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the close of business on the tenth day before the date of filing of the definitive proxy statement of the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and, as a result of which, the number of nominees is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. Each share entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the holder is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute, by the Charter or by these Bylaws. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 Section 8. PROXIES . A stockholder of record may vote in person or by proxy that is (a) executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law, (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Corporation. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the record of the proceedings of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, managing member, manager, general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any trustee or fiduciary, in such capacity, may vote stock registered in such trustee s or fiduciary s name, either in person or by proxy. 
 56648522-v14 

Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or appropriate. On receipt by the secretary of the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chair of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS . 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record as of the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). The foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or propose other business at an annual meeting of stockholders (other than a proposal included in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act). 
 56648522-v14 

(2) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information and certifications required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150 th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in connection with the Corporation s first annual meeting or in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting (or the public announcement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business, the text of any proposal (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 
 (A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 
 56648522-v14 

(B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 (C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of (x) Company Securities or (y) any security of any entity that was listed in the Peer Group in the Stock Performance Graph in the most recent annual report to security holders of the Corporation (a Peer Group Company for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) and 
 (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and business address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
 (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person 
 (C) a description of (I) any plans or proposals which such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person may have with respect to any Company Securities that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D and (II) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or other business between or among such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person and any other person, including, without limitation, any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D, regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable. 
 56648522-v14 

(v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal 
 (vi) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business 
 (vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, a representation that such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of Proposed Nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act and 
 (viii) all other information regarding the stockholder giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 (4) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a 
 (i) written undertaking executed by the Proposed Nominee 
 (A) that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (II) consents to be named in a proxy statement as a nominee, (III) consents to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected, (IV) will notify the Corporation simultaneously with the notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominee s actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (V) does not need any permission or consent from any third party to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained, including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves 
 (B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents and 
 (C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the stockholder providing the notice, and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded) and 
 56648522-v14 

(ii) certificate executed by the stockholder certifying that such stockholder will 
 (A) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such stockholder s solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee 
 (B) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting 
 (C) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may request for the purposes of determining whether the requirements of this Section 11 have been complied with and of evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholder s notice and 
 (D) appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate any Proposed Nominees or to bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, and acknowledge that if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate such Proposed Nominees or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any such Proposed Nominee or of any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder or another Stockholder Associated Person or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in the solicitation, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 56648522-v14 

(b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting and, except as contemplated by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), no stockholder may nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors or make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (2) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information and certifications required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. The postponement or adjournment of a special meeting (or public announcement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (c) General . (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or certification may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, update or certification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) 
 56648522-v14 

nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceed the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) timely provide sufficient evidence in the determination of the Board of Directors sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence. Upon request by the Corporation, if any Soliciting Stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or is not required to provide notice because the information required by Rule 14a-19(b) has been provided in a preliminary or definitive proxy statement previously filed by such Soliciting Stockholder), such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, sufficient evidence in the judgment of the Board of Directors that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 (4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (ii) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 56648522-v14 

Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by, or routine solicitation contacts made by or on behalf of, the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person. 
 (6) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 
 Section 12. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 Section 13. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS . By virtue of a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors prior to or at the time of the adoption of these Bylaws (and the adoption of these Bylaws shall be deemed to be, and shall be conclusive evidence of, the adoption of such resolution), any business combination (as defined in Section 3-601(e) of the MGCL) between the Corporation and any other person or entity or group of persons or entities is exempt from the provisions of Subtitle 6 of Title 3 of the MGCL. The approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors shall be required in order for the Board of Directors to revoke, alter or amend such resolution or otherwise adopt any resolution that is inconsistent with this Section 14 of this Article II or with a prior resolution of the Board of Directors that exempts any business combination between the Corporation and any other person, whether identified specifically, generally or by type, from the provisions of Subtitle 6 of Title 3 of the MGCL. 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2. NUMBER, QUALIFICATIONS AND RESIGNATION . 
 (a) Number . A majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. 
 (b) Resignation . Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of annual or regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the time and place of any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 Section 5. NOTICE . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. 
 Section 6. QUORUM . A majority of the directors then serving shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a specified group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
 The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
 Section 7. VOTING . The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or, in the absence of the chair, the vice chair of the board, if any, shall act as chair of the meeting. In the absence of both the chair and vice chair of the board, the chief executive officer or, in the absence of the chief executive officer or if the chief executive officer is not a director, the president or, in the absence of the president or if neither the chief executive officer nor the president is a director, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chair of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 9. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all of the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 Section 12. COMPENSATION . Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per year and or per meeting and or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 13. RELIANCE . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 14. RATIFICATION . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any action or inaction questioned in any proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction. 
 Section 15. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 15 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 COMMITTEES 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members one or more committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 
 Section 2. POWERS . The Board of Directors may delegate to any committee appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, any committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority to one or more subcommittees, composed of one or more directors, as the committee deems appropriate. 
 Section 3. MEETINGS . Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors may designate a chair of any committee, and such chair or, in the absence of a chair, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 4. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION . Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 5. CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
 Section 6. VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to appoint the chair of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Corporation shall include a president, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a chair of the board, a vice chair of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or appropriate. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices except president and vice president may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
 Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
 Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 4. CHAIR OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chair of the board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the chair of the board as an executive or non-executive chair. The chair of the board shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors. The chair of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 5. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief executive officer. In the absence of such designation, the chair of the board shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 6. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 Section 8. PRESIDENT . In the absence of a chief executive officer, the president shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a chief operating officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 9. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the president or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president, or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 
 Section 10. SECRETARY . The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose 
 56648522-v14 

(b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 11. TREASURER . The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 
 Section 12. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 13. COMPENSATION . The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or under the authority of the Board of Directors and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by the chief executive officer, the president or any other person authorized by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or such other officer or agent of the Corporation as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
 56648522-v14 

ARTICLE VII 
 STOCK 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in any manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no difference in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
 The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such record date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 Section 5. STOCK LEDGER . The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 
 Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK ISSUANCE OF UNITS . The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional shares of stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. 
 Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividend or other distribution, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its sole discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 56648522-v14 

ARTICLE X 
 SEAL 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland or such other language as may be approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
 Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 
 
 Section 1. CERTAIN STATE LAW CLAIMS . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, other than actions arising under federal securities laws, (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Charter or these Bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. None of the foregoing actions, claims or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland unless the Corporation consents in writing to such court. This Article XII, Section 1 does not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 56648522-v14 

Section 2. SECURITIES ACT CLAIMS . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This Article XII, Section 2 does not apply to claims arising under the Exchange Act. 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 
 STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN 
 
 The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote on such matter shall be required in order for the Corporation to adopt, amend, extend or renew of a Rights Plan (as defined below), unless the Board of Directors determines that, under the circumstances existing at the time, it is advisable and in the best interests of the Corporation to adopt or amend, extend or renew such Rights Plan without delay. If a Rights Plan is adopted or amended, extended or renewed by the Board of Directors without prior stockholder approval, such Rights Plan must provide that it will expire within 12 months of such action by the Board of Directors unless such Rights Plan shall have been ratified prior to the end of such 12 month period by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote on such matter. For purposes of this Article XIII, the term Rights Plan refers generally to any plan or arrangement providing for the distribution of preferred shares, rights, warrants, options or debt instruments to the stockholders of the Corporation, designed to assist the Board of Directors in responding to unsolicited takeover proposals and significant share accumulations by conferring certain rights on the stockholders upon the occurrence of a triggering event such as a tender offer or third party acquisition of a specified percentage of shares. 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 These Bylaws may be amended, altered, repealed or replaced, and new Bylaws may be adopted, either (a) by the vote of the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast thereon at any duly organized annual or special meeting of stockholders or, (b) with respect to those matters which are not by statute reserved exclusively to the stockholders, by vote of a majority of the Board of Directors provided , that any amendment to (i) Section 13 or Section 14 of Article II or (ii) Article XIII must also be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Amended and Restated as of _________ ___, 2023 
 56648522-v14 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 wellsfargo-netstreitx2019c.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 
 CONFORMED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Conformed through Amendment No. 7, dated January 27, 2023, and effective as of January 27, 2023 
 Loan Number 1019396 

Revolving Credit CUSIP Number 64119EAC7 
 Term Loan CUSIP Number 64119EAB9 

CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of December 23, 2019 by and among NETSTREIT, L.P., as Borrower, NETSTREIT CORP., as Parent THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO AND THEIR ASSIGNEES UNDER SECTION 13.5., as Lenders, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent, 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent 
 
 and 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, TRUIST BANK, BANK OF MONTREAL, U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AND REGIONS BANK as Co-Documentation Agents 
 
 _________________________ WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC and 
 KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 Section 1.1. Definitions . 
 1 
 Section 1.2. General References to Central Time . 
 39 
 Section 1.3. Financial Attributes of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates . 
 40 
 Section 1.4. Rates . 
 40 
 Section 1.5. Division . 
 41 
 ARTICLE II. CREDIT FACILITY 
 41 
 Section 2.1. Revolving Loans . 
 41 
 Section 2.2. Term Loans . 
 42 
 Section 2.3. Reserved . 
 43 
 Section 2.4. Letters of Credit . 
 43 
 Section 2.5. Swingline Loans . 
 49 
 Section 2.6. Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans . 
 51 
 Section 2.7. Number of Interest Periods . 
 52 
 Section 2.8. Repayment of Loans . 
 52 
 Section 2.9. Prepayments . 
 53 
 Section 2.10. Continuation . 
 53 
 Section 2.11. Conversion . 
 54 
 Section 2.12. Notes . 
 54 
 Section 2.13. Voluntary Reductions of the Revolving Commitment . 
 55 
 Section 2.14. Extension of Revolving Termination Date . 
 55 
 Section 2.15. Expiration Date of Letters of Credit Past Revolving Commitment Termination . 
 56 
 Section 2.16. Amount Limitations . 
 56 
 Section 2.17. Incremental Facilities. 
 56 
 Section 2.18. Funds Transfer Disbursements . 
 57 
 ARTICLE III. PAYMENTS, FEES AND OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 58 
 Section 3.1. Payments . 
 58 
 Section 3.2. Pro Rata Treatment . 
 58 
 Section 3.3. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 
 59 
 Section 3.4. Several Obligations . 
 60 
 Section 3.5. Fees . 
 60 
 Section 3.6. Computations . 
 61 
 
 i 

Section 3.7. Usury . 
 61 
 Section 3.8. Statements of Account . 
 62 
 Section 3.9. Defaulting Lenders . 
 62 
 Section 3.10. Taxes . 
 65 
 ARTICLE IV. Eligibility of Properties 
 69 
 Section 4.1. Eligibility of Properties . 
 69 
 Section 4.2. Release of Eligible Properties . 
 70 
 ARTICLE V. YIELD PROTECTION, ETC. 
 71 
 Section 5.1. Additional Costs Capital Adequacy . 
 71 
 Section 5.2. Changed Circumstances . 
 73 
 Section 5.3. Reserved . 
 74 
 Section 5.4. Compensation . 
 74 
 Section 5.5. Treatment of Affected Loans . 
 75 
 Section 5.6. Affected Lenders . 
 76 
 Section 5.7. Change of Lending Office . 
 77 
 Section 5.8. Assumptions Concerning Funding of Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans . 
 77 
 Section 5.9. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 
 78 
 ARTICLE VI. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 79 
 Section 6.1. Initial Conditions Precedent . 
 79 
 Section 6.2. Conditions Precedent to All Loans and Letters of Credit . 
 82 
 ARTICLE VII. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 82 
 Section 7.1. Representations and Warranties . 
 82 
 Section 7.2. Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc. 
 89 
 ARTICLE VIII. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 89 
 Section 8.1. Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters . 
 89 
 Section 8.2. Compliance with Applicable Law . 
 90 
 Section 8.3. Maintenance of Property . 
 90 
 Section 8.4. Conduct of Business . 
 90 
 Section 8.5. Insurance . 
 90 
 Section 8.6. Payment of Taxes and Claims . 
 90 
 Section 8.7. Books and Records Inspections . 
 91 
 Section 8.8. Use of Proceeds . 
 91 
 Section 8.9. Environmental Matters . 
 91 
 Section 8.10. Further Assurances . 
 92 
 Section 8.11. Compliance with ERISA . 
 93 
 
 ii 

Section 8.12. Guarantors . 
 93 
 Section 8.13. Anti-Corruption Laws Beneficial Ownership Regulation . 
 94 
 Section 8.14. REIT Status . 
 95 
 Section 8.15. Post-Closing Matters . 
 95 
 ARTICLE IX. INFORMATION 
 95 
 Section 9.1. Quarterly Financial Statements . 
 95 
 Section 9.2. Year-End Statements . 
 96 
 Section 9.3. Compliance Certificate Statement of Funds from Operations Unencumbered Asset Value . 
 96 
 Section 9.4. Other Information . 
 96 
 Section 9.5. Electronic Delivery of Certain Information . 
 98 
 Section 9.6. Public Private Information . 
 99 
 Section 9.7. USA Patriot Act Notice Compliance . 
 99 
 ARTICLE X. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 99 
 Section 10.1. Financial Covenants . 
 99 
 Section 10.2. Negative Pledge . 
 101 
 Section 10.3. Restrictions on Intercompany Transfers . 
 101 
 Section 10.4. Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Assets and Other Arrangements . 
 101 
 Section 10.5. Plans . 
 102 
 Section 10.6. Fiscal Year . 
 103 
 Section 10.7. Modifications of Organizational Documents . 
 103 
 Section 10.8. Subordinated Debt Prepayments Amendments . 
 103 
 Section 10.9. Transactions with Affiliates . 
 104 
 Section 10.10. Environmental Matters . 
 104 
 Section 10.11. Derivatives Contracts . 
 104 
 ARTICLE XI. DEFAULT 
 104 
 Section 11.1. Events of Default . 
 104 
 Section 11.2. Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 108 
 Section 11.3. Remedies Upon Default . 
 110 
 Section 11.4. Marshaling Payments Set Aside . 
 110 
 Section 11.5. Allocation of Proceeds . 
 110 
 Section 11.6. Letter of Credit Collateral Account . 
 111 
 Section 11.7. Rescission of Acceleration by Requisite Lenders . 
 112 
 Section 11.8. Performance by Administrative Agent . 
 112 
 Section 11.9. Rights Cumulative . 
 113 
 ARTICLE XII. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 113 
 
 iii 

Section 12.1. Appointment and Authorization . 
 113 
 Section 12.2. Administrative Agent as Lender . 
 114 
 Section 12.3. Approvals of Lenders . 
 115 
 Section 12.4. Notice of Events of Default . 
 115 
 Section 12.5. Administrative Agent s Reliance . 
 115 
 Section 12.6. Indemnification of Administrative Agent . 
 116 
 Section 12.7. Lender Credit Decision, Etc. 
 117 
 Section 12.8. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 117 
 Section 12.9. Arrangers and Titled Agents . 
 118 
 Section 12.10. Specified Derivatives Contracts and Specified Cash Management Agreements . 
 119 
 Section 12.11. Certain ERISA Matters 
 119 
 Section 12.12. Release of Guarantors 
 120 
 Section 12.13. Collateral Matters . 
 120 
 Section 12.14. Post-Foreclosure Plans. 
 121 
 Section 12.15. Erroneous Payments . 
 122 
 ARTICLE XIII. MISCELLANEOUS 
 124 
 Section 13.1. Notices . 
 124 
 Section 13.2. Expenses . 
 126 
 Section 13.3. Setoff . 
 126 
 Section 13.4. Litigation Jurisdiction Other Matters Waivers . 
 127 
 Section 13.5. Successors and Assigns . 
 128 
 Section 13.6. Amendments and Waivers . 
 132 
 Section 13.7. Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders . 
 135 
 Section 13.8. Confidentiality . 
 136 
 Section 13.9. Indemnification . 
 137 
 Section 13.10. Termination Survival . 
 138 
 Section 13.11. Severability of Provisions . 
 138 
 Section 13.12. GOVERNING LAW . 
 138 
 Section 13.13. Counterparts . 
 139 
 Section 13.14. Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties and Subsidiaries . 
 139 
 Section 13.15. Independence of Covenants . 
 139 
 Section 13.16. Limitation of Liability . 
 139 
 Section 13.17. Entire Agreement . 
 139 
 Section 13.18. Construction . 
 139 
 Section 13.19. Headings . 
 140 

iv 

Section 13.20. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . 
 140 
 Section 13.21. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 
 140 

SCHEDULE I Commitments 
 SCHEDULE 1.1. List of Loan Parties 
 SCHEDULE 7.1.(b) Ownership Structure 
 SCHEDULE 7.1.(f) Properties Liens 
 SCHEDULE 7.1.(g) Indebtedness and Guaranties 
 SCHEDULE 7.1.(h) Litigation 
 SCHEDULE 7.1.(r) Affiliate Transactions 

EXHIBIT A Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
 EXHIBIT B Form of Disbursement Instruction Agreement 
 EXHIBIT C Form of Guaranty 
 EXHIBIT D Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 EXHIBIT E Form of Notice of Continuation 
 EXHIBIT F Form of Notice of Conversion 
 EXHIBIT G Form of Notice of Swingline Borrowing 
 EXHIBIT H Form of Revolving Note 
 EXHIBIT I Form of Swingline Note 
 EXHIBIT J Form of Term Note 
 EXHIBITS K-1 K-4 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 EXHIBIT L Form of Compliance Certificate 
 EXHIBIT M Form of Pledge Agreement 

v 

THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of December 23, 2019 by and among NETSTREIT, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Borrower ), NETSTREIT CORP., a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Parent ), each of the financial institutions initially a signatory hereto together with their successors and assignees under Section 13.5. (the Lenders ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders desire to make available to the Borrower credit facilities in the initial amount of 425,000,000, which will include a 175,000,000 term loan facility and a 250,000,000 revolving credit facility with a 25,000,000 swingline subfacility and a 25,000,000 letter of credit subfacility, on the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1. Definitions . 
 
 In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings for the purposes of this Agreement 
 
 Accession Agreement means an Accession Agreement substantially in the form of Annex I to the Guaranty. 
 
 Additional Costs has the meaning given that term in Section 5.1.(b). 
 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a Simple SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the sum of (i) SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Day that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) if such Simple SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such Simple SOFR Rate Day or (B) if such Simple SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Simple SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided that if by 5 00 p.m. on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided further that SOFR as determined pursuant to this proviso shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive Simple SOFR Rate Days and (ii) 0.10 and (b) the Floor. Any change in Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Adjusted EBITDA means, as to any Person for any period and without duplication, the sum of (a) EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis plus (b) such Person s Ownership Share of EBITDA of any Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person for such period minus (c) Reserve for Replacements for such period. 

1 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Adjusted Total Asset Value means Total Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis exclusive of assets that are owned by Excluded Subsidiaries or Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 Administrative Agent means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, including its branches and affiliates, as contractual representative of the Lenders under this Agreement, or any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 12.8. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means the Administrative Questionnaire completed by each Lender and delivered to the Administrative Agent in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders from time to time. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affected Lender has the meaning given that term in Section 5.6. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. In no event shall the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any Issuing Bank or any Lender be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower. 
 Agreement Date means the date as of which this Agreement is dated. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all Applicable Laws related to terrorism financing or money laundering, including, without limitation, any applicable provision of the Patriot Act and The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959). 
 Applicable Law means all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes, executive orders, and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case having the force of law. 
 Applicable Margin means, 
 (a) prior to Collateral Release Date, the percentage rate set forth below corresponding to the Total Leverage Ratio, as determined in accordance with Section 10.1.(a) 
 2 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Level 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Term Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Term Loans 1 Less than or equal to 0.40 to 1.00 
 1.35 0.35 1.25 0.25 2 Greater than 0.40 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.45 to 1.00 
 1.40 0.40 1.35 0.35 3 Greater than 0.45 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.50 to 1.00 
 1.65 0.65 1.60 0.60 4 Greater than 0.50 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.55 to 1.00 
 1.90 0.90 1.85 0.85 5 Greater than 0.55 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.60 to 1.00 
 2.15 1.15 2.10 1.10 6 Greater than 0.60 to 1.00 
 2.30 1.30 2.25 1.25 
 
 (b) from and after the Collateral Release Date, the percentage rate set forth below corresponding to the Total Leverage Ratio, as determined in accordance with Section 10.1.(a) 

Level 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Term Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Term Loans 1 Less than or equal to 0.35 to 1.00 
 1.20 0.20 1.15 0.15 2 Greater than 0.35 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.40 to 1.00 
 1.25 0.25 1.20 0.20 
 
 3 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Level 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Revolving Loans Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans that are Term Loans Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans that are Term Loans 3 Greater than 0.40 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.45 to 1.00 
 1.30 0.30 1.25 0.25 4 Greater than 0.45 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.50 to 1.00 
 1.45 0.45 1.40 0.40 5 Greater than 0.50 to 1.00 but less than or equal to 0.55 to 1.00 
 1.55 0.55 1.50 0.50 6 Greater than 0.55 to 1.00 
 1.80 0.80 1.60 0.60 
 
 The Applicable Margin for Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time, based on the Total Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Compliance Certificate most recently delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.3. Any adjustment to the Applicable Margin shall be effective as of the first day of the calendar month immediately following the month during which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent the applicable Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 9.3. If the Borrower fails to deliver a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 9.3., the Applicable Margin shall equal the percentages corresponding to Level 6 under clause (a) or (b), as applicable, until the first day of the calendar month immediately following the month that the required Compliance Certificate is delivered. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the period from the Effective Date through but excluding the date on which the Administrative Agent first determines the Applicable Margin for Loans as set forth above, the Applicable Margin shall be determined based on Level 2 in clause (a) above. Thereafter, such Applicable Margin shall be adjusted from time to time as set forth in this definition. The provisions of this definition shall be subject to Section 2.6.(c). 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of any entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Arrangers means, each of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and KeyBanc Capital Markets, each in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption Agreement entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 13.5.), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or 
 4 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 5.9.(d). 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended. 
 
 Base Rate means, at any time, the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor as in effect on such date plus 1.0 each change in the Base Rate shall take effect simultaneously with the corresponding change or changes in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR (provided that clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Base Rate be less than 1.0 . 
 
 Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan or Term Loan (or any portion thereof) bearing interest at a rate based on the Base Rate. 
 
 Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate and (b) with respect to any Daily SOFR Loan, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 5.9.(a). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 5 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the IOSCO Principles provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such 
 6 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the IOSCO Principles. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 5.9.(a) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 5.9.(a). 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group. 
 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof and shall include the Borrower s successors and permitted assigns. 
 
 Borrower Information has the meaning given that term in Section 2.6.(c). 
 
 7 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Business Day means for all purposes any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday) on which banks in San Francisco, California and New York, New York, are open for the conduct of their commercial banking business. Unless specifically referenced in this Agreement as a Business Day, all references to days shall be to calendar days. 
 
 Capitalization Rate means 6.50 . 
 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means obligations under a lease (or other arrangement conveying the right to use property) to pay rent or other amounts, in each case that are required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to December 31, 2018. The amount of a Capitalized Lease Obligation is the capitalized amount of such obligation as would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet of the applicable Person as of the applicable date prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to December 31, 2018. 
 
 Cash Collateralize means, to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks or the Lenders, as collateral for Letter of Credit Liabilities or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Liabilities, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) securities issued, guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any of its agencies with maturities of not more than one year from the date acquired (b) certificates of deposit with maturities of not more than one year from the date acquired issued by a United States federal or state chartered commercial bank of recognized standing, or a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or a political subdivision of any such country, acting through a branch or agency, which bank has capital and unimpaired surplus in excess of 500,000,000 and which bank or its holding company has a short-term commercial paper rating of at least A-2 or the equivalent by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent by Moody s (c) reverse repurchase agreements with terms of not more than seven days from the date acquired, for securities of the type described in clause (a) above and entered into only with commercial banks having the qualifications described in clause (b) above (d) commercial paper issued by any Person incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof and rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s, in each case with maturities of not more than one year from the date acquired and (e) investments in money market funds registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which have net assets of at least 500,000,000 and at least 85 of whose assets consist of securities and other obligations of the type described in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
 
 Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card (including non-card electronic payables and purchasing cards), electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. 
 
 Co-Documentation Agent means, Captial One, National Association, Truist Bank, Bank of Montreal, U.S. Bank National Association, PNC Bank, National Association and Regions Bank, in each case, in such capacity under this Agreement. 
 
 Collateral means all personal property directly or indirectly securing any of the Obligations or any other obligation of a Person under or in respect of any Loan Document or Specified Derivatives Contract to which it is a party, and includes, without limitation, the Pledged Equity. 
 8 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Collateral Release Date has the meaning given that term in Section 8.10. (b). 
 Collateral Release Requirements shall mean, as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in respect of which the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 9.1. or 9.2., as applicable, shall have been satisfied, (i) the Unencumbered Asset Value shall be equal to or greater than 500,000,000 and (ii) there shall be not less than 100 Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value. 
 Commitment means, as to a Lender, such Lender s Revolving Commitment or such Lender s Term Loan Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), and any successor statute. 
 Commitment Reduction Notice has the meaning given that term in Section 2.13. 
 
 Compliance Certificate has the meaning given that term in Section 9.3. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 5.4. and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Continue , Continuation and Continued each refers to the continuation of a Term SOFR Loan from one Interest Period to another Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.10. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Convert , Conversion and Converted each refers to the conversion of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type pursuant to Section 2.11. 
 
 Credit Event means any of the following (a) the making (or deemed making) of any Loan, (b) the Conversion of a Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan into a Term SOFR Loan, (c) the Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan and (d) the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment of a Letter of Credit that extends the maturity, or increases the Stated Amount, of such Letter of Credit. 
 
 9 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Daily SOFR Loan means a Loan denominated in Dollars, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 
 Dark Property has the meaning given that term in the definition of Occupancy Rate. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar Applicable Laws relating to the relief of debtors in the United States of America or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default means any of the events specified in Section 11.1., whether or not there has been satisfied any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 3.9.(f), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 3.9.(f)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. 

10 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Derivatives Contract means (a) any transaction (including any master agreement, confirmation or other agreement with respect to any such transaction) now existing or hereafter entered into by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (i) which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, weather index transaction or forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) above that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such agreement) and which is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, economic indices or measures of economic risk or value, or other benchmarks against which payments or deliveries are to be made, (b) any combination of these transactions and (c) a swap agreement as defined in Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Derivatives Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Derivatives Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement or provision relating thereto, (a) for any date on or after the date such Derivatives Contracts have been terminated or closed out, the termination amount or value determined in accordance therewith, and (b) for any date prior to the date such Derivatives Contracts have been terminated or closed out, the then-current mark-to-market value for such Derivatives Contracts, determined based upon one or more mid-market quotations or estimates provided by any recognized dealer in Derivatives Contracts (which may include the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Specified Derivatives Provider or any Affiliate of any thereof). 
 
 Development Property means, with respect to the Parent and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (or, in the case of any calculation subject to the Ownership Share Adjustment, the applicable non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate), a Property wholly-owned by the Borrower or such Wholly Owned Subsidiary (or such non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate) that is currently under development, that has not achieved an Occupancy Rate of 80 or more, and on which the improvements (other than tenant improvements on unoccupied space) related to the development have not been completed. The term Development Property shall include real property of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence that satisfies both of the following conditions (i) it is to be (but has not yet been) acquired by the Borrower or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (or, in the case of any calculation subject to the Ownership Share Adjustment, the applicable non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate) upon completion of construction pursuant to a contract in which the seller of such real property is required to develop or renovate prior to, and as a condition precedent to, such acquisition and (ii) a third party is developing such property using the proceeds of a loan that is Guaranteed by, or is otherwise recourse to, the Borrower or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (or, in the case of any calculation subject to the Ownership Share Adjustment, the applicable non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate). A Development Property on which all improvements (other than tenant improvements on unoccupied space) related to the development of such Property have been completed for at least 12 months, and shall not otherwise have satisfied the requirements to be an Eligible Property on or before the end of such 12-month period, shall cease to constitute a Development Property notwithstanding the fact that such Property has not achieved an Occupancy Rate of at least 80 . 

Disbursement Instruction Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to be executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.1.(a), as the same may be 
 11 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

amended, restated or modified from time to time with the prior written approval of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Dollars or means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 
 EBITDA means, with respect to a Person for any period and without duplication net income (loss) of such Person for such period determined on a consolidated basis plus the following (but only to the extent deducted in determining net income (loss) for such period) (i) depreciation and amortization (ii) Interest Expense (iii) income tax expense (iv) extraordinary or nonrecurring items, including without limitation, gains and losses from the sale of operating Properties (v) all non-cash items and (vi) any fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with, in anticipation of or in preparation for, or otherwise related to or arising in connection with, the Equity Offering, the filing of an S-11 Registration Statement or an initial public offering (in each case, whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated). EBITDA shall be adjusted to remove any impact from straight line rent leveling adjustments required under GAAP and amortization of intangibles required pursuant to FASB ASC 805. For purposes of clause (iv) of this definition, nonrecurring items shall be deemed to include (w) gains and losses on early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (x) severance charges, (y) restructuring charges and (z) costs of financing activities (such as incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness and issuances of equity) and transaction costs of acquisitions and other Investments not permitted to be capitalized pursuant to GAAP, in each case, whether or not consummated provided that the aggregate amount of adjustments pursuant to clauses (w), (y) and (z) shall not exceed in any period 15.00 of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to such adjustments). 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Effective Date means the later of (a) the Agreement Date and (b) the date on which all of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.1. shall have been fulfilled or waived by all of the Lenders. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person)) approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 
 Eligible Ground Lease means a ground lease containing terms and conditions customarily required by mortgagees making a loan secured by the interest of the holder of the leasehold estate demised pursuant to a ground lease, and shall include the following (a) a remaining term (exclusive of any unexercised extension options) of 30 years or more from the date the applicable Property first becomes an Eligible Property (b) the right of the lessee to mortgage and encumber its interest in the 
 12 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

leased property without the consent of the lessor (c) the obligation of the lessor to give the holder of any mortgage Lien on such leased property written notice of any defaults on the part of the lessee and agreement of such lessor that such lease will not be terminated until such holder has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosures, and fails to do so (d) reasonable transferability of the lessee s interest under such lease, including ability to sublease and (e) clearly determinable rental payment terms which in no event contain profit participation rights. 
 
 Eligible Property means the Properties set forth on Schedule 7.1(f), which Properties shall be the only Eligible Properties as of the Effective Date (each, an Initial Eligible Property ), and any Properties that shall become an Eligible Property from time to time pursuant to Section 4.1. Each Initial Eligible Property and each Property which subsequently becomes an Eligible Property shall satisfy all of the following requirements (a) such Property is fully developed as a retail or reasonably similar Property (b) such Property is owned in fee simple, or leased under an Eligible Ground Lease, by the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Guarantor (c) such Property is located in a State of the United States of America or in the District of Columbia (d) regardless of whether such Property is owned by the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower or such Wholly Owned Subsidiary has the right directly, or indirectly through a Subsidiary, to take the following actions without the need to obtain the consent of any Person (i) to create Liens on such Property as security for Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Wholly Owned Subsidiary, as applicable, and (ii) to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of such Property (or, in the case of a Property Subject to an Eligible Ground Lease, its leasehold interest in such Property) (e) neither such Property, nor if such Property is owned by a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, any of the Borrower s direct or indirect ownership interest in such Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, is subject to (i) any Lien other than Permitted Liens or (ii) any Negative Pledge, and, at all times prior to the Collateral Release Date, all of the Borrower s direct and indirect ownership interest in such Wholly-Owned Subsidiary is subject to a first priority Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and each Specified Derivatives Provider (f) such Property is not a Development Property (g) such Property is free of all structural defects or major architectural deficiencies, title defects, environmental conditions or other adverse matters except for defects, deficiencies, conditions or other matters individually or collectively which are not material to the operation of such Property in the ordinary course of business and (h) the remaining term (exclusive of any unexercised extension option) of each lease with respect to such Property is not less than eighteen (18) months. For the avoidance of doubt, no Property owned or leased by an Excluded Subsidiary shall be an Eligible Property hereunder. 
 
 Eligible Property Subsidiary means (i) each Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower that directly owns, or leases pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease, any Eligible Property and (ii) each Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary that is described in clause (i). 

Environmental Claims means any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, written demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings relating in any way to any actual or alleged violation of or liability under any Environmental Law or relating to any permit issued, or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law, including, without limitation, any and all claims by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages, contribution, indemnification cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to human health (as it relates to Hazardous Materials) or the environment. 
 
 Environmental Laws means any Applicable Law, including without limitation any applicable rule of common law and any judicial interpretation thereof, relating to environmental protection or the manufacture, storage, remediation, disposal or clean-up of Hazardous Materials including, without limitation, the following Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq. Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq. Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
 13 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. National Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. and regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency. 

Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, any warrant, option or other right for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, whether or not certificated, any security convertible into or exchangeable for any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrant, right or option for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and any other ownership or profit interest in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such share, warrant, option, right or other interest is authorized or otherwise existing on any date of determination. For the avoidance of doubt, profit sharing plans and other performance bonus compensation arrangements based on the profitability of Borrower or Parent shall not be deemed to be Equity Interests or economic interests for purposes of this Agreement so long as no capital stock (or other ownership or profit interest), or convertible securities, warrants, options or other rights to purchase shares or other ownership or voting interest in a Person, is issued or transferred to a Person under any such profit sharing plan or other performance bonus compensation arrangement. 

Equity Issuance means any issuance or sale by a Person of any Equity Interest in such Person and shall in any event include the issuance of any Equity Interest upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting Indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for Equity Interests. 

Equity Offering has the meaning given to that term in Section 6.1.(e). 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 ERISA Event means, with respect to the ERISA Group, (a) any reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) the withdrawal of a member of the ERISA Group from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) the incurrence by a member of the ERISA Group of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan (d) the incurrence by any member of the ERISA Group of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) the institution of proceedings to terminate a Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC (f) the failure by any member of the ERISA Group to make when due required contributions to a Multiemployer Plan or Plan unless such failure is cured within thirty (30) days or the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard (g) any other event or condition that might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the imposition of liability under Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA (h) the receipt by any member of the ERISA Group of any notice or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any member of the ERISA Group of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA) (i) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any member of the ERISA Group or the imposition of any Lien in favor of the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA or (j) a 
 14 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

determination that a Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA). 
 
 ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control, which, together with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.15.(a). 
 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.15.(d). 
 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.15.(d). 
 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 12.15.(d). 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Event of Default means any of the events specified in Section 11.1., provided that any requirement for notice or lapse of time, or both, or any other condition has been satisfied. 
 
 Exchange Act has the meaning given to that term in Section 11.1.(l)(i). 
 
 Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (a) holding title to assets that are or are to become collateral for any Secured Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and (b) that is prohibited from guarantying the Indebtedness of any other Person pursuant to (i) any document, instrument or agreement evidencing such Secured Indebtedness or (ii) a provision of such Subsidiary s organizational documents which provision was included in such Subsidiary s organizational documents as a condition to the extension of such Secured Indebtedness. 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the liability of such Loan Party for or the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any liability or guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the liability for or the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such Lien becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation (such determination being made after giving effect to any applicable keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of the applicable Loan Party, including under any applicable provision of the Guaranty). If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or Lien is or becomes illegal for the reasons identified in the immediately preceding sentence of this definition. 
 
 15 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to an Applicable Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 5.6.) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.10., amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.10.(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Existing Credit Facilities means any credit facilities of the Parent or its Subsidiaries evidencing Indebtedness (other than Nonrecourse Indebtedness) of the type described in clauses (a) or (b) of the definition of Indebtedness. 
 Extended Letter of Credit has the meaning given that term in Section 2.4.(b). 
 Facility Termination Date means the Revolving Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable. 
 Fair Market Value means, (a) with respect to a security listed on a national securities exchange or the NASDAQ National Market, the price of such security as reported on such exchange or market by any widely recognized reporting method customarily relied upon by financial institutions and (b) with respect to any other property, the price which could be negotiated in an arm s-length free market transaction, for cash, between a willing seller and a willing buyer, neither of which is under pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction. 

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal Funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent provided, that, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 16 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Fee Letters means (i) that certain fee letter dated as of November 11, 2019, by and between the Borrower, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and the Administrative Agent and (ii) that certain fee letter dated November 22, 2019 between KeyBank National Association, KeyBanc Capital Markets and the Borrower. 
 
 Fees means the fees and commissions provided for or referred to in Section 3.5. and any other fees payable by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 
 Fixed Charges means, with respect to a Person and for a given period, the sum of, (a) the Interest Expense of such Person for such period, plus (b) the aggregate of all regularly scheduled principal payments on Indebtedness payable by such Person during such period (excluding balloon, bullet or similar payments of principal due upon the stated maturity of Indebtedness), plus (c) the aggregate amount of all Preferred Dividends paid by such Person during such period. Such Person s Ownership Share of the Fixed Charges of its non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included when determining the Fixed Charges of such Person. 
 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.0 . 
 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the outstanding Letter of Credit Liabilities with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank other than Letter of Credit Liabilities as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of outstanding Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Lenders. 
 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 
 Funds From Operations means, with respect to a Person and for a given period, (a) net income (loss) of such Person for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP minus (or plus) (b) gains (or losses) from sales of property during such period plus (c) depreciation with respect to such Person s real estate assets and amortization (other than amortization of deferred financing costs) of such Person for such period, all after adjustment for non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates provided that Funds From Operations shall exclude (i) impairment write-downs, (ii) gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, (iii) items classified by GAAP as extraordinary, and (iv) other non-recurring expenses and acquisition closing costs that reduce such net income which do not represent a recurring cash item in such period or any future period, each as evidenced by calculations in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.. Adjustments for non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. Funds From Operations shall be calculated consistent with the White Paper on Funds From Operations dated April 2002 issued by National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc., but without giving effect to any supplements, amendments or other modifications promulgated after the Agreement Date and except as otherwise provided with respect to the exclusions provided for in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding sentence. 
 17 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

GAAP means, subject to Section 1.2., generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (including Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 168, The FASB Accounting Standards Codification or in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States of America, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 
 
 General Partner means NetSTREIT GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 Governmental Approvals means all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and reports to, all Governmental Authorities. 
 
 Governmental Authority means any national, state or local government (whether domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other governmental, quasi-governmental, judicial, administrative, public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body, agency, bureau, commission, board, department or other entity (including, without limitation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) over any of the parties to this Agreement, or any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law. 
 
 Guaranteed Obligations means, collectively, (a) the Obligations and (b) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries under any Specified Derivatives Contract (other than any Excluded Swap Obligation) and any Specified Cash Management Agreement. 
 
 Guarantor means, individually and collectively, as the context shall require, the Parent, the Subsidiary Guarantors and each other Required Guarantor. 
 Guaranty , Guaranteed or to Guarantee as applied to any obligation means and includes (a) a guaranty (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), directly or indirectly, in any manner, of any part or all of such obligation, or (b) an agreement, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, and whether or not constituting a guaranty, the practical effect of which is to assure the payment or performance (or payment of damages in the event of nonperformance) of any part or all of such obligation whether by (i) the purchase of securities or obligations, (ii) the purchase, sale or lease (as lessee or lessor) of property or the purchase or sale of services primarily for the purpose of enabling the obligor with respect to such obligation to make any payment or performance (or payment of damages in the event of nonperformance) of or on account of any part or all of such obligation, or to assure the owner of such obligation against loss, (iii) the supplying of funds to or in any other manner investing in the obligor with respect to such obligation, (iv) repayment of amounts drawn down by beneficiaries of letters of credit (including Letters of Credit), or (v) the supplying of funds to or investing in a Person on account of all or any part of such Person s obligation under a Guaranty of any obligation or indemnifying or holding harmless, in any way, such Person against any part or all of such obligation. As the context requires, Guaranty shall also mean the guaranty executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.1. or 8.12. and substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 
 Hazardous Materials means all or any of the following (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable Environmental Laws as hazardous substances , hazardous materials , hazardous wastes , toxic substances or any other formulation intended to define, list or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, TCLP toxicity, or EP toxicity (b) oil, petroleum or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids or synthetic gas and drilling 
 18 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

fluids, produced waters and other wastes associated with the exploration, development or production of crude oil, natural gas or geothermal resources (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials (d) asbestos in any form (e) toxic mold and (f) electrical equipment which contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of fifty parts per million. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (a) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (b) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning given that term in Section 2.17. 
 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, at the time of computation thereof, all of the following (without duplication), to the extent reflected as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (a) all obligations of such Person in respect of money borrowed or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, purchase price adjustments, earnouts, indemnity obligations and similar obligations not more than 60 days past due, and deferred compensation obligations) (b) all obligations of such Person, whether or not for money borrowed (i) represented by notes payable, or drafts accepted, in each case representing extensions of credit, (ii) evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, or (iii) constituting purchase money indebtedness, conditional sales contracts, title retention debt instruments or other similar instruments, upon which interest charges are customarily paid or that are issued or assumed as full or partial payment for property or for services rendered (c) Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (d) all reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person under or in respect of any letters of credit or acceptances (whether or not the same have been presented for payment) (e) all Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of such Person (f) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Mandatorily Redeemable Stock issued by such Person or any other Person, valued at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends (g) all obligations of such Person in respect of any purchase obligation, repurchase obligation, takeout commitment or forward equity commitment, in each case evidenced by a binding agreement (excluding any such obligation to the extent the obligation can be satisfied by the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock)) (h) net obligations under any Derivatives Contract not entered into as a hedge against interest risk in respect of existing Indebtedness, in an amount equal to the Derivatives Termination Value thereof at such time (but in no event less than zero) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness of the Parent shall not include any agreement, commitment or arrangement for the sale of Equity Interests issued by the Parent at a future date that could be discharged solely by (A) delivery of the Parent s Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock), or, (B) solely at the Parent s option made at any time, payment of the net cash value of such Equity Interests at the time, irrespective of the form or duration of such agreement, commitment or arrangement provided, however, that during the period of time, if any, following an election by the Parent to pay the net cash value of such Equity Interest and prior to payment of such net cash value, the obligation to pay such net cash value shall be included as Indebtedness hereunder (it being understood and agreed that the amount of such Indebtedness shall be calculated based on the closing price of the Parent s Equity Interests on the date of such election, irrespective of the market price of the Parent s Equity Interests at any time following such election, including at the time of payment) (i) all Indebtedness of other Persons which such Person has Guaranteed or is otherwise recourse to such Person (except for guaranties of customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy and other similar customary exceptions to non-recourse liability) (j) all Indebtedness of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property or assets owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness or other payment obligation and (k) such Person s Ownership Share of the Indebtedness of any Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person. Indebtedness of any Person shall include Indebtedness (or portion thereof) of any partnership in which such Person is a general partner or any joint-venture of such Person, in each case, that is recourse to such Person (other than by virtue of a completion guaranty or a 
 19 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

bad boy guaranty, as such terms are customarily understood in the market) in the amount equal to the greater of such Person s Ownership Share of such partnership or joint venture and the amount of the recourse portion of such Indebtedness. 
 
 Indemnifiable Amounts has the meaning given that term in Section 12.6. 
 
 Indemnified Party has the meaning given that term in Section 13.9.(a). 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the immediately preceding clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 
 Indemnity Proceeding has the meaning given that term in Section 13.9.(a). 
 
 Information Materials has the meaning given that term in Section 9.6. 
 
 Initial Eligible Property has the meaning given that term in the definition of Eligible Properties . 
 
 Initial Issuing Banks means each of Wells Fargo and KeyBank National Association. 
 
 Initial Measurement Period means the period commencing on the Agreement Date through, and including, September 30, 2020. 
 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning given that term in Section 7.1.(s). 
 
 Interest Expense means, with respect to a Person and for any period, without duplication, total interest expense of such Person, including capitalized interest not funded under a construction loan interest reserve account, and in any event shall include all interest expense with respect to any Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in respect of which such Person is wholly or partially liable whether pursuant to any repayment, interest carry, performance guarantee or otherwise, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP for such period. The Parent s Ownership Share of the Interest Expense of its non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included when determining the Interest Expense of the Parent . 
 
 Interest Period means with respect to each Term SOFR Loan, each period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is made, or in the case of the Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan the last day of the preceding Interest Period for such Loan, and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the first, third, or sixth calendar month thereafter, as the Borrower may select in a Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Continuation or Notice of Conversion, as the case may be, except that each Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar month. Notwithstanding the foregoing (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end after the Revolving Termination Date or Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable, such Interest Period shall end on the Revolving Termination Date or Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable (ii) each Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business 
 20 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Day shall end on the immediately following Business Day (or, if such immediately following Business Day falls in the next calendar month, on the immediately preceding Business Day) and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 5.9.(d) shall be available for specification in any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion or Notice of Continuation. 
 
 Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 
 Internal Revenue Service and IRS each mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, any acquisition or investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means of any of the following (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any Equity Interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital contribution to, Guaranty of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person. Any commitment to make an Investment in any other Person, as well as any option of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant contained in a Loan Document, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 
 IOSCO Principles means the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 
 Issuing Bank means the Initial Issuing Banks and any other Lender agreeing to be an Issuing Bank hereunder, each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.4. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto. 
 L C Commitment means, as to any Issuing Bank, the obligation of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount equal to (a) for each of the Initial Issuing Banks, one-half of the L C Commitment Amount, and (b) for any other Issuing Bank becoming an Issuing Bank after the Effective Date, such amount as separately agreed to in a written agreement between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent upon execution), in each case of clauses (a) and (b) above, any such amount may be changed after the Effective Date in a written agreement between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent upon execution) provided that the L C Commitment with respect to any Person that ceases to be an Issuing Bank for any reason pursuant to the terms hereof shall be 0 (subject to the Letters of Credit of such Person remaining outstanding in accordance with the provisions hereof). 
 L C Commitment Amount has the meaning given to that term in Section 2.4.(a). 
 L C Disbursement has the meaning given to that term in Section 3.9.(b). 
 Lender means each financial institution from time to time party hereto as a Lender together with its respective successors and permitted assigns, and, as the context requires, includes the Swingline Lender provided , however , that the term Lender , except as otherwise expressly provided herein, shall exclude any Lender (or its Affiliates) in its capacity as a Specified Derivatives Provider or Specified Cash Management Bank. 
 21 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Lender Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Specified Derivatives Providers, the Specified Cash Management Banks, each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 11.5., any other holder from time to time of any Obligations and, in each case, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 Lending Office means, for each Lender and for each Type of Loan, the office of such Lender specified in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire or in the applicable Assignment and Assumption, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time. 
 Letter of Credit has the meaning given that term in Section 2.4.(a). 
 
 Letter of Credit Collateral Account means a special deposit account maintained by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Letter of Credit Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, collectively, any application therefor, any certificate or other document presented in connection with a drawing under such Letter of Credit and any other agreement, instrument or other document, other than this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, governing or providing for (a) the rights and obligations of the parties concerned or at risk with respect to such Letter of Credit or (b) any collateral security for any of such obligations. 
 
 Letter of Credit Liabilities means, without duplication, at any time and in respect of any Letter of Credit (a) the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit plus (b) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Reimbursement Obligations of the Borrower at such time due and payable in respect of all drawings made under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) a Lender (other than the Lender then acting as an Issuing Bank for the applicable Letter of Credit) shall be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability in an amount equal to its participation interest under Section 2.4. in the related Letter of Credit, and the Lender then acting as the applicable Issuing Bank for such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability in an amount equal to its retained interest in the related Letter of Credit after giving effect to the acquisition by the Lenders (other than the Lender then acting as the applicable Issuing Bank) of their participation interests under such Section and (ii) if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 
 Level has the meaning given that term in the definition of the term Applicable Margin. 
 
 Lien as applied to the property of any Person means (a) any security interest, encumbrance, mortgage, deed to secure debt, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents, pledge, lien, hypothecation, assignment, charge or lease constituting a Capitalized Lease Obligation, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or other security title or encumbrance of any kind in respect of any property of such Person, or upon the income, rents or profits therefrom (b) any arrangement, express or implied, under which any property of such Person is transferred, sequestered or otherwise identified for the purpose of subjecting the same to the payment of Indebtedness or performance of any other obligation in priority to the payment of the general, unsecured creditors of such Person and (c) the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or its equivalent in any jurisdiction, other than any precautionary filing not otherwise constituting or giving rise to a Lien, including a financing statement filed (i) in respect of a lease not constituting a Capitalized Lease Obligation pursuant to Section 9-505 (or a successor provision) of the UCC or its equivalent as in effect in an applicable jurisdiction or (ii) in connection with a sale or 
 22 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

other disposition of accounts or other assets not prohibited by this Agreement in a transaction not otherwise constituting or giving rise to a Lien. 
 
 Loan means a Revolving Loan, a Term Loan or a Swingline Loan. 
 
 Loan Document means this Agreement, each Note, the Guaranty, the Pledge Agreement, each other Security Document, each Letter of Credit Document, the Fee Letters and each other document or instrument now or hereafter executed and delivered by a Loan Party in connection with, pursuant to or relating to this Agreement (other than any Specified Derivatives Contract and any Specified Cash Management Agreement). 
 Loan Party means each of the Parent, the Borrower, each Guarantor and each other Person who guarantees all or a portion of the Obligations and or who pledges any collateral to secure all or a portion of the Obligations. Schedule 1.1. sets forth the Loan Parties in addition to the Borrower as of the Agreement Date. 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Stock means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person which by the terms of such Equity Interest (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), upon the happening of any event or otherwise, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than an Equity Interest to the extent redeemable or subject to repurchase in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests at the option of the issuer of such Equity Interest), (b) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or Mandatorily Redeemable Stock, or (c) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than an Equity Interest which is redeemable or subject to repurchase in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common Equity Interests), in the case of each of clauses (a) through (c), on or prior to the latest Facility Termination Date then in effect. 
 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition (or series of related acquisitions) or investments (or series of related investments) permitted by this Agreement and consummated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for which the aggregate consideration paid in respect of such acquisition or investment (including any Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith) exceeds 10 of Total Asset Value (calculated prior to giving effect to such transaction). 

Material Adverse Effect means a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to perform its payment obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or (d) the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Parent having assets (including any Equity Interests in any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent that is a Material Subsidiary) representing more than 5 of the Total Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (calculated as of the most recent fiscal quarter ended for which financial statements have been delivered). 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors. 
 
 Mortgage Receivable means the principal amount of an obligation owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is secured by a mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or other similar security instrument granting a Lien on real property as security for the payment of such obligation, so long as the mortgagor or grantor with respect to such Mortgage Receivable is not delinquent sixty (60) 
 23 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

days or more in interest or principal payments due thereunder provided that in no event shall the value of any Mortgage Receivable exceed the value of such real property securing the payment of such obligation. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means at any time a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding six plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such six-year period. 
 Negative Pledge means, with respect to a given asset, any provision of a document, instrument or agreement (other than any Loan Document) which prohibits or purports to prohibit the creation or assumption of any Lien on such asset as security for Indebtedness of the Person owning such asset or any other Person provided, however, that an agreement that conditions a Person s ability to encumber its assets upon the maintenance of one or more specified ratios that limit such Person s ability to encumber its assets but that do not generally prohibit the encumbrance of its assets, or the encumbrance of specific assets, shall not constitute a Negative Pledge. 
 
 Net Operating Income or NOI means, for any Property and for a given period, the sum of the following (without duplication and determined on a consistent basis with prior periods) (a) rents and other revenues recognized in accordance with GAAP from such Property (including proceeds of rent loss or business interruption insurance (but not in excess of the actual rent otherwise payable) but excluding pre-paid rents and revenues and security deposits except to the extent applied in satisfaction of tenants obligations for rent), minus (b) all expenses recognized in accordance with GAAP (excluding interest but including an appropriate accrual for property taxes and insurance) related to the ownership, operation or maintenance of such Property, including but not limited to property taxes, assessments and the like, insurance, utilities, payroll costs, maintenance, repair and landscaping expenses, marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses (including an appropriate allocation for legal, accounting, advertising, marketing and other expenses incurred in connection with such Property, but specifically excluding general overhead expenses of the Parent and its Subsidiaries and any property management fees), minus (c) the Reserve for Replacements for such Property as of the end of such period, minus (d) the greater of (i) the actual property management fee paid during such period with respect to such Property and (ii) an imputed management fee in an amount equal to 1.0 of the gross revenues for such Property for such period. 
 
 Net Proceeds means with respect to an Equity Issuance by a Person, the aggregate amount of all cash and the Fair Market Value of all other property (other than securities of such Person being converted or exchanged in connection with such Equity Issuance) received by such Person in respect of such Equity Issuance net of investment banking fees, legal fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Equity Issuance. 

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, approval, amendment or waiver that (a) requires the consent of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 13.6. and (b) has been approved by the Requisite Lenders. 
 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 
 Nonrecourse Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, Indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which recourse for payment (except for customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy and other similar customary exceptions to nonrecourse liability) is contractually limited to specific assets of such Person (and, if applicable, in the 
 24 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

event such Person owns no assets other than real estate that secures such Indebtedness and assets incidental to ownership of such real estate (e.g., personal property) and has no other Indebtedness, such Person s Equity Interests) encumbered by a Lien securing such Indebtedness. 
 
 Note means a Revolving Note, Term Note or a Swingline Note. 
 
 Notice of Borrowing means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.1.(b) evidencing the Borrower s request for a borrowing of Revolving Loans. 
 
 Notice of Continuation means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.10. evidencing the Borrower s request for the Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan. 
 
 Notice of Conversion means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit F (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11. evidencing the Borrower s request for the Conversion of a Loan from one Type to another Type. 
 
 Notice of Swingline Borrowing means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit G (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and containing the information required in such Exhibit) to be delivered to the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.5.(b) evidencing the Borrower s request for a Swingline Loan. 
 
 Obligations means, individually and collectively (a) the aggregate principal balance of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans (b) all Reimbursement Obligations and all other Letter of Credit Liabilities and (c) all other indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties owing to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender of every kind, nature and description, under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Fees and indemnification obligations, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not evidenced by any promissory note, and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include any indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants or duties in respect of Specified Derivatives Contracts or Specified Cash Management Agreements. 
 
 Occupancy Rate means, at any time, (a) with respect to any Property actually occupied by tenants that are not Affiliates of the Parent and paying rent at rates not materially less than rates generally prevailing at the time the applicable lease was entered into, pursuant to binding leases as to which no monetary default has occurred and has continued unremedied for 90 or more days, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (i) the net rentable square footage of such Property actually occupied as described in this clause (a), to (ii) the aggregate net rentable square footage for such Property and (b) with respect to any Property leased but not actually occupied by tenants that are not Affiliates of the Parent and paying rent at rates not materially less than rates generally prevailing at the time the applicable lease was entered into, pursuant to binding leases as to which no monetary default has occurred and has continued unremedied for 30 or more days (such Property under this clause (ii) being a Dark Property ), the ratio, expressed 
 25 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

as a percentage, of (i) the net rentable square footage of such Dark Property actually leased as described in this clause (b), to (ii) the aggregate net rentable square footage for such Dark Property. 
 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Obligations means, with respect to a Person (a) obligations of such Person in respect of any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring arrangements) pursuant to which such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person has sold, conveyed or otherwise transferred, or granted a security interest in, accounts, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to a special purpose Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Person (b) obligations of such Person under a sale and leaseback transaction that does not create a liability on the balance sheet of such Person and (c) obligations of such Person under any so-called synthetic lease transaction . 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.6.). 
 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 Ownership Share means, with respect to any Subsidiary of a Person or any Unconsolidated Affiliate of a Person, the greater of (a) such Person s relative nominal direct and indirect ownership interest (expressed as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate or (b) such Person s relative direct and indirect economic interest (calculated as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the declaration of trust, articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of organization, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable organizational document of such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate. 
 
 Ownership Share Adjustment has the meaning given to that term in Section 1.3. 
 
 Parent has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 
 Parent Voting Stock has the meaning given to that term in Section 11.1.(l)(i). 
 
 Participant has the meaning given that term in Section 13.5.(d). 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning given that term in Section 13.5.(d). 
 
 26 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Patriot Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any successor agency. 
 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned thereto in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 Permitted Liens means, with respect to any asset or property of a Person, (a) Liens securing taxes, assessments and other charges or levies imposed by any Governmental Authority (excluding any Lien imposed pursuant to any of the provisions of ERISA or pursuant to any Environmental Laws), which, in each case, are not at the time required to be paid or discharged under Section 8.6., or are being contested by appropriate proceedings and appropriate reserves have been taken in accordance with GAAP (b) the claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen or landlords (including with respect to landlords under Eligible Ground Leases) for labor, materials, supplies or rentals incurred in the ordinary course of business, which, in each case, are not at the time required to be paid or discharged under Section 8.6., or are being contested by appropriate proceedings and appropriate reserves have been taken in accordance with GAAP (c) Liens consisting of deposits or pledges made, in the ordinary course of business, in connection with, or to secure payment of, obligations under workers compensation, unemployment insurance or similar Applicable Laws (d) Liens consisting of encumbrances in the nature of zoning restrictions, easements, and rights or restrictions of record on the use of real property, which do not materially detract from the value of such property or materially impair the intended use thereof in the business of such Person (e) the rights of tenants under leases or subleases not interfering with the ordinary conduct of business of such Person and (f) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and each Specified Derivatives Provider. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, joint stock company, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association, company, trust, bank, trust company, land trust, business trust or other organization, whether or not a legal entity, or any other nongovernmental entity, or any Governmental Authority. 
 
 Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (a) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (b) has at any time within the preceding six years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group. 
 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 
 Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Parent, General Partner, Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent and substantially in the form of Exhibit M . 
 
 Pledge Joinder Agreement means a supplemental agreement to the Pledge Agreement executed and delivered by an additional Pledgor pursuant to Section 27 of (and as defined in) the Pledge Agreement. 
 
 27 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Pledged Equity means all existing and future Equity Interests of the Borrower and any direct or indirect owner of any Eligible Property owned by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Post-Default Rate means, in respect of any principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans plus two percent (2.0 ). 
 Preferred Dividends means, for any period and without duplication, all Restricted Payments paid during such period on Preferred Equity Interests issued by the Parent or any Subsidiary. Preferred Dividends shall not include dividends or distributions (a) paid or payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock) payable to holders of such class of Equity Interests, (b) paid or payable to the Parent or a Subsidiary, or (c) constituting or resulting in the redemption of Preferred Equity Interests, other than scheduled redemptions not constituting balloon, bullet or similar redemptions in full. 
 Preferred Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests in such Person which are entitled to preference or priority over any other Equity Interest in such Person in respect of the payment of dividends or distribution of assets upon liquidation or both. 
 Prime Rate means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by the Lender then acting as the Administrative Agent as its prime rate. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the day such change in such prime rate occurs. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rate announced publicly by the Lender acting as the Administrative Agent as its prime rate is an index or base rate and shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or other banks. 
 
 Principal Office means the office of the Administrative Agent located at 608 Second Avenue S., 11 th Floor, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-1916, or any other subsequent office that the Administrative Agent shall have specified as the Principal Office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 Pro Rata Share means, as to each Lender, the ratio, expressed as a percentage of (a) (i) the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment plus (ii) the amount of such Lender s outstanding Term Loans to (b) (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of all Lenders plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Term Loans provided , however , that if at the time of determination the Revolving Commitments have terminated or been reduced to zero, the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be the ratio, expressed as a percentage of (A) the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, Term Loans, Swingline Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities owing to such Lender as of such date to (B) the sum of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, Term Loans, Swingline Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities of all Lenders as of such date. If at the time of determination the Commitments have terminated or reduced to zero and there are no outstanding Loans or Letter of Credit Liabilities, then the Pro Rata Shares of the Lenders shall be determined as of the most recent date on which Commitments were in effect or Loans or Letters of Credit Liabilities were outstanding. For purposes of this definition, a Revolving Lender shall be deemed to hold a Swingline Loan or a Letter of Credit Liability to the extent such Revolving Lender has acquired a participation therein under the terms of this Agreement and has not failed to perform its obligations in respect of such participation. 
 
 Property means, of any Person, a parcel (or group of related parcels) of real property developed (or to be developed) by such Person. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 28 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Qualified Plan means a Benefit Arrangement that is intended to be tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 
 Recourse Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of a Person that is not Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 
 
 Register has the meaning given that term in Section 13.5.(c). 
 
 Regulatory Change means, with respect to any Lender, any change effective after the Agreement Date in Applicable Law (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board) or the adoption or making after such date of any interpretation, directive or request applying to a class of banks, including such Lender, of or under any Applicable Law (whether or not having the force of law and whether or not failure to comply therewith would be unlawful) by any Governmental Authority or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (b) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Regulatory Change , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 
 
 Reimbursement Obligation means the absolute, unconditional and irrevocable obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any drawing honored by such Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. 
 
 REIT means a Person qualifying for treatment as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, shareholders, directors, trustees, officers, employees, agents, counsel, other advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Required Guarantor means each of (i) the Parent and any other Subsidiary of the Parent that from time to time owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests of the Borrower, (ii) General Partner, (iii) each Eligible Property Subsidiary, (iv) NetSTREIT Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, NetSTREIT Management TRS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and all existing and future Material Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), (v) each Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns, directly or indirectly, any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary that is a Required Guarantor described in clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv), (vi) any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent that is a borrower or a guarantor, or otherwise has a payment obligation in respect of, any Unsecured Indebtedness and (vii) any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent that is a borrower or a guarantor, or otherwise has a 
 29 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

payment obligation in respect of, any Unsecured Indebtedness of the Parent or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent (each of the Subsidiaries described in clauses (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) being the Subsidiary Guarantors provided , that (x) from and after the release of the guarantees or payment obligations under all other Unsecured Indebtedness with respect thereto, the applicable Subsidiary Guarantors in clauses (vi) and (vii) above and (y) any Subsidiary Guarantor that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary and is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor, shall, in each case, not be a Required Guarantor. 
 
 Requisite Lenders means, as of any date, (a) Lenders having more than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments and the outstanding Term Loans or (b) if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated or reduced to zero, Lenders holding more than 50 of the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities provided that (i) in determining such percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded, and the pro rata shares of the Lenders shall be redetermined, for voting purposes only, to exclude the pro rata shares of such Defaulting Lenders and (ii) at all times when there are two or more Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders), the term Requisite Lenders shall in no event mean less than two Lenders. For purposes of this definition, a Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall be deemed to hold a Swingline Loan and a Lender (other than the applicable Issuing Bank) shall be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability, in each case, to the extent such Lender has acquired a participation therein under the terms of this Agreement and has not failed to perform its obligations in respect of such participation. 

Requisite Revolving Lenders means, as of any date, (a) Revolving Lenders having more than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders, or (b) if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated or reduced to zero, the Revolving Lenders holding more than 50 of the principal amount of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities provided that (i) in determining such percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded, and the pro rata shares of the Lenders shall be redetermined, for voting purposes only, to exclude the pro rata shares of such Defaulting Lenders and (ii) at all times when there are two or more Revolving Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders) party to this Agreement, the term Requisite Revolving Lenders shall in no event mean less than two Revolving Lenders. For purposes of this definition, a Revolving Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall be deemed to hold a Swingline Loan and a Revolving Lender (other than the applicable Issuing Bank) shall be deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability, in each case, to the extent such Revolving Lender has acquired a participation therein under the terms of this Agreement and has not failed to perform its obligations in respect of such participation. 
 
 Requisite Term Loan Lenders means, as of any date, (a) Term Loan Lenders having more than 50 of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments or (b) if the Term Loan Commitments have been terminated or reduced to zero, Term Loan Lenders holding more than 50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans provided that (i) in determining such percentage at any given time, all then existing Defaulting Lenders will be disregarded and excluded, and the pro rata shares of the Lenders shall be redetermined, for voting purposes only, to exclude the pro rata shares of such Defaulting Lenders and (ii) at all times when there are two or more Term Loan Lenders (excluding Defaulting Lenders) party to this Agreement, the term Requisite Term Loan Lenders shall in no event mean less than two Term Loan Lenders. 
 
 Reserve for Replacements means, for any period and with respect to any Property (other than a Property, to the extent subject to a triple-net lease (NNN)), an amount equal to (a) the aggregate square footage of all completed space of such Property multiplied by (b) 0.10 multiplied by (c) the number of days in such period divided by (d) 365. If the term Reserve for Replacements is used without reference to any specific Property, then it shall be determined on an aggregate basis with respect to all Properties of the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the applicable Ownership Shares of all Properties of all of the Borrower s non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 30 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means with respect to the Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, general counsel or VP-controller of the Parent, the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 
 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interest of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of Equity Interests to the holders of that class (b) any redemption, conversion, exchange, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, except any redemption, repurchase, conversion or exchange of Equity Interests payable in common stock of the Parent (c) any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, redemption, conversion, exchange, purchase, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Debt and (d) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire any Equity Interests of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, in each case, prior to the stated maturity of any of the foregoing provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, payments with respect to Indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable for Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Restricted Payments hereunder. 
 
 Revolving Commitment means, as to each Lender (other than the Swingline Lender), such Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.1., to issue (in the case of the Issuing Banks) and to participate (in the case of the other Lenders) in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.4.(i), and to participate in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.5.(e), in an amount up to, but not exceeding the amount set forth for such Lender on Schedule I as such Lender s Revolving Commitment Amount or as set forth in any applicable Assignment and Assumption, or agreement executed by a Person becoming a Revolving Lender in accordance with Section 2.17., as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.13. or increased or reduced as appropriate to reflect any assignments to or by such Lender effected in accordance with Section 13.5. or increased as appropriate to reflect any increase in Revolving Commitments effected in accordance with Section 2.17. 
 
 Revolving Commitment Percentage means, as to each Lender with a Revolving Commitment, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (a) the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment to (b) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of all Revolving Lenders provided , however , that if at the time of determination the Revolving Commitments have been terminated or been reduced to zero, the Revolving Commitment Percentage of each Lender with a Revolving Commitment shall be the Revolving Commitment Percentage of such Lender in effect immediately prior to such termination or reduction. 
 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Revolving Loans and such Revolving Lender s participation in Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swingline Loans at such time. 
 
 Revolving Lender means a Lender having a Revolving Commitment, or if the Revolving Commitments have terminated, holding any Revolving Loans. 
 
 Revolving Loan means a loan made by a Revolving Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.(a). 
 
 31 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Revolving Note means a promissory note of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit H payable to a Revolving Lender (or its registered assigns) in a principal amount equal to the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment. 
 
 Revolving Termination Date means December 22, 2023, or such later date to which the Revolving Termination Date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.14. 
 
 Sanctioned Country means at any time, a country, territory or region which is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions (including, as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine and the so-called Donetsk People s Republic or Luhansk People s Republic regions of Ukraine). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by any Governmental Authority of the United States of America (including, without limitation, OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, any other Governmental Authority, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country or (d) any Person located, owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in any of clauses (a) through (c), including a Person that is deemed by OFAC to be a Sanctions target based on the ownership of such legal entity by Sanctioned Peron(s). 
 Sanctions means any and all sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws, including but not limited to those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by any Governmental Authority of the United States of America (including OFAC or the U.S. Department of State), or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, any other Governmental Authority, or other relevant sanctions authority with jurisdiction over any Lender, the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Secured Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person as of a given date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of such Person outstanding on such date that is secured in any manner by any Lien on any property, and in the case of the Parent, shall include (without duplication) the Parent s Ownership Share of the Secured Indebtedness of its Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Security Document means the Guaranty, the Pledge Agreement and any security agreement, pledge agreement, financing statement, or other document, instrument or agreement creating, evidencing or perfecting the Administrative Agent s Liens in any of the Collateral. 
 
 Senior Officer means with respect to the Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, the chief executive officer, president, the chief financial officer, internal counsel (including the general counsel), secretary, treasurer or any vice present or other senior level officer of the Parent, the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 
 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 32 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Solvent means, when used with respect to any Person, that (a) the fair value and the fair salable value of its assets (excluding any Indebtedness due from any Affiliate of such Person) are each in excess of the fair valuation of its total liabilities (including all contingent liabilities computed at the amount which, in light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that could reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability) (b) such Person is able to pay its debts or other obligations in the ordinary course as they mature and (c) such Person has capital not unreasonably small to carry on its business and all business in which it proposes to be engaged. 
 Specified Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement that is made or entered into at any time, or in effect at any time now or hereafter, whether as a result of an assignment or transfer or otherwise, between or among any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Specified Cash Management Bank, and which was not prohibited by any of the Loan Documents when made or entered into. 
 Specified Cash Management Bank means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender or the Administrative Agent (including on the Effective Date), is a party to a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement. 
 Specified Derivatives Contract means any Derivatives Contract that is made or entered into at any time, or in effect at any time now or hereafter, whether as a result of an assignment or transfer or otherwise, between or among a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Specified Derivatives Provider. 
 Specified Derivatives Provider means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Derivatives Contract with a Loan Party, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender or the Administrative Agent (including on the Effective Date), is a party to a Derivatives Contract with a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Derivatives Contract. 
 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, or any successor thereof. 
 
 Stated Amount means the amount available to be drawn by a beneficiary under a Letter of Credit from time to time, as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 
 Subordinated Debt means any Indebtedness for money borrowed of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that is subordinated in right of payment and otherwise to the Loans and the other Guaranteed Obligations in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Subsidiary means, for any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity of which at least a majority of the Equity Interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors, trustees or other individuals performing similar functions of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or 
 33 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, and shall include all Persons the accounts of which are consolidated with those of such Person pursuant to GAAP. Unless explicitly set forth to the contrary, a reference to a Subsidiary means a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent. 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantor has the meaning given that term in the definition of Required Guarantor . 
 Substantial Amount means, at the time of determination thereof, an amount in excess of 25 of total consolidated assets (exclusive of depreciation) at such time of the Parent and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Swingline Commitment means the Swingline Lender s obligation to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.5. in an amount up to, but not exceeding the amount set forth in the first sentence of Section 2.5.(a), as such amount may be reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 Swingline Lender means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, together with its respective successors and assigns. 
 
 Swingline Loan means a loan made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.5. 
 
 Swingline Maturity Date means the date which is seven (7) Business Days prior to the Revolving Termination Date. 
 
 Swingline Note means the promissory note of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit I, payable to the Swingline Lender (or its registered assigns) in a principal amount equal to the amount of the Swingline Commitment as originally in effect and otherwise duly completed. 
 
 Syndication Agent means KeyBank National Association, in such capacity under this Agreement. 
 
 Tangible Net Worth means, with respect to any Person as of a given date, the stockholders equity of such Person determined on a consolidated basis, plus accumulated depreciation and amortization, minus (to the extent included when determining stockholders equity of such Person) (a) the amount of any write-up in the book value of any assets reflected in any balance sheet resulting from revaluation thereof or any write-up in excess of the cost of such assets acquired, and (b) the aggregate of all amounts appearing on the assets side of any such balance sheet for franchises, licenses, permits, patents, patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, goodwill, treasury stock, experimental or organizational expenses and other like assets which would be classified as intangible assets under GAAP (excluding lease intangibles), all determined as of such date on a consolidated basis. For the avoidance of doubt, non-controlling interests, without regard to whether such interest is classified as temporary or permanent in accordance with GAAP, shall be included in the determination of stockholders equity. 
 
 34 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Loan means a loan made by a Term Loan Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2. 
 
 Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Term Loan Lender, such Lender s obligation to make Term Loans on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.2., in an amount up to, but not exceeding, the amount set forth for such Lender on Schedule I as such Lender s Term Loan Commitment Amount . 
 Term Loan Lender means a Lender having a Term Loan Commitment, or if the Term Loan Commitments have terminated, a Lender holding a Term Loan. 
 Term Loan Maturity Date means December 23, 2024. 
 Term Note means a promissory note of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit J, payable to a Term Loan Lender (or its registered assigns) in a principal amount equal to the amount of such Term Loan Lender s Term Loan. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however , that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however , that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum equal to 0.10 . 
 
 35 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan (other than a Base Rate Loan) denominated in Dollars, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 
 Total Asset Value means, as to any Person as of a given date, the sum (without duplication) of all of the following of such Person and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis and subject to the Ownership Share Adjustment (a) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus (b) the quotient of (i) the Net Operating Income for all Properties of such Person (other than Properties subject to clause (c) below) for the fiscal quarter most recently ended multiplied by four (4), divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate plus (c) the GAAP book value as of the date of acquisition of Properties acquired during the then current fiscal quarter or the immediately preceding two full fiscal quarters plus (d) the GAAP book value of all Mortgage Receivables (at the value reflected in the Parent s consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, as of such date, including the effect of impairment charges) plus (e) the current GAAP book value of all Development Properties plus (e) the current GAAP book value of Unimproved Land. Such Person s Ownership Share of assets held by non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates (excluding assets of the type described in the immediately preceding clause (a)) will be included in the calculation of Total Asset Value consistent with the above described treatment for wholly-owned assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining Total Asset Value, (A) to the extent the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Properties owned by non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates would exceed 10 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded (B) to the extent the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Unimproved Land would exceed 5 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded (C) to the extent the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Development Properties would exceed 15 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded (D) to the extent the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Mortgage Receivables would exceed 10 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded (E) to the extent the amount of Total Asset Value attributable to Properties leased under an Eligible Ground Lease would exceed 5 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded and (F) to the extent the aggregate value attributable to the immediately preceding clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (E) would exceed 30 of the aggregate Total Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded. 
 
 Total Indebtedness means, as to any Person as of a given date and without duplication (a) all Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis and (b) such Person s Ownership Share of the Indebtedness of any Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person. 
 
 Total Leverage Ratio has the meaning given that term in Section 10.1.(a). 
 
 Type with respect to any Revolving Loan or Term Loan, refers to whether such Loan or portion thereof is a Term SOFR Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or a Base Rate Loan. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from 
 36 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unconsolidated Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person in whom such Person holds, either directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, an Investment, which Investment is accounted for in the financial statements of such Person on an equity basis of accounting and whose financial results would not be consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of such Person on the consolidated financial statements of such Person. 
 Unencumbered Adjusted NOI means, as to any Person, for any period, Net Operating Income from all Eligible Properties of such Person and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries included in Unencumbered Asset Value for such period, determined on a consolidated basis for such Person and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 
 
 Unencumbered Asset Value means, as to any Person as of a given date, the sum (without duplication) of all of the following of such Person and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (a) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus (b) the quotient of (i) the Unencumbered Adjusted NOI (excluding NOI attributable to Development Properties) of such Person (other than Properties subject to clause (c) below) for the fiscal quarter most recently ended multiplied by four (4), divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate plus (c) the GAAP book value as of the date of acquisition of Eligible Properties acquired during the then current fiscal quarter or the immediately preceding two full fiscal quarters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining the Unencumbered Asset Value, (A) to the extent the aggregate amount of Unencumbered Asset Value attributable to a single tenant would exceed 15 of the aggregate Unencumbered Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded, (B) to the extent the amount of Unencumbered Asset Value attributable to Eligible Properties leased under an Eligible Ground Lease would exceed 5 of the aggregate Unencumbered Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded, (C) to the extent the weighted average lease term (exclusive of any unexercised extension options) of all Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value shall be less than 84 months at any time, Unencumbered Asset Value attributable to such Eligible Properties identified by the Borrower shall be excluded until the weighted average lease term (exclusive of any unexercised extension options) of all Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value shall be not less than 84 months, and (D) to the extent the amount of Unencumbered Asset Value attributable to Dark Properties would exceed 10 of the aggregate Unencumbered Asset Value at any time, such excess shall be excluded. 

Unimproved Land means, with respect to the Parent and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (or, in the case of any calculation subject to the Ownership Share Adjustment, the applicable non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate), wholly-owned land of such Person on which no development (other than improvements that are not material and are temporary in nature) has occurred and for which no development is scheduled in the following 12 months. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents means the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) provided that Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents shall exclude (i) tenant deposits and (ii) other cash and Cash Equivalents that are subject to a Lien or a Negative Pledge (other than customary rights of set-off and statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers liens) or the disposition of which is restricted in any way. 
 37 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Unsecured Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, Indebtedness of such Person that is not Secured Indebtedness provided , however , that any Indebtedness that is secured only by a pledge of Equity Interests shall be deemed to be Unsecured Indebtedness. 
 Unsecured Interest Expense means, as to any Person and for any period, all Interest Expense of such Person for such period attributable to Unsecured Indebtedness of such Person. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities provided , that for purposes of notice requirements in Article II and Section 5.9., such day is also a Business Day. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.10.(g)(ii)(B)(III). 
 Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and its successors and assigns. 
 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of a Person in respect of which all of the Equity Interests (other than, in the case of a corporation, directors qualifying shares) are at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 
 Withdrawal Liability means any liability as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 
 Withholding Agent means (a) the Borrower, (b) any other Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 Section 1.2. General References to Central Time . 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all accounting terms, ratios and measurements shall be interpreted or determined in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Agreement Date provided that, if at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any 
 Loan Document, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice thereof promptly after the Borrower has knowledge thereof, and if either the Borrower or the Requisite Lenders shall so request, 
 38 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Requisite Lenders) provided further that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (a) the calculation of liabilities shall not include any fair value adjustments to the carrying value of liabilities to record such liabilities at fair value pursuant to electing the fair value option election under FASB ASC 825-10-25 (formerly known as FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities) or other FASB standards allowing entities to elect fair value option for financial liabilities and accordingly, the amount of liabilities shall be the historical cost basis, which generally is the contractual amount owed adjusted for amortization or accretion of any premium or discount and (b) all accounting terms, ratios and calculations shall be determined without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to the extent any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) would be required to be treated as a capital lease thereunder where such lease (or similar arrangement) would have been treated as an operating lease under GAAP as in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Accounting Standards Codification 842. Sections , Articles , Exhibits and Schedules are to sections, articles, exhibits and schedules herein and hereto unless otherwise indicated. References in this Agreement to any document, instrument or agreement (a) shall include all exhibits, schedules and other attachments thereto, (b) except as expressly provided otherwise in any Loan Document, shall include all documents, instruments or agreements issued or executed in replacement thereof, to the extent permitted hereby and (c) shall mean such document, instrument or agreement, or replacement or predecessor thereto, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time to the extent not otherwise stated herein or prohibited hereby and in effect at any given time. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or plural shall include the singular and plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, the feminine and the neuter. Except as expressly provided otherwise in any Loan Document, (i) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time and (ii) any reference to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s permitted successors and permitted assigns. Unless explicitly set forth to the contrary, a reference to Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Parent or a Subsidiary of such Subsidiary and a reference to an Affiliate means a reference to an Affiliate of the Parent. Titles and captions of Articles, Sections, subsections and clauses in this Agreement are for convenience only, and neither limit nor amplify the provisions of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to time are references to Central time daylight or standard, as applicable. 

Section 1.3. Financial Attributes of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates . 

When determining the Applicable Margin and compliance by the Parent or the Borrower with any financial covenant contained in any of the Loan Documents (and without duplication of the application of GAAP to exclude the financial attributes attributable to minority interests in non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) (a) only the Ownership Share of the Parent or the Borrower, as applicable, of the financial attributes of a non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary, or as otherwise expressly provided, any Unconsolidated Affiliate, shall be considered in such determination (the Ownership Share Adjustment and (b) the Parent s Ownership Share of the Borrower shall be deemed to be 100.0 . 
 39 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 1.4. Rates . 
 
 The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.9., will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 Section 1.5. Division . 
 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 
 ARTICLE II. CREDIT FACILITY 
 
 Section 2.1. Revolving Loans . 
 
 (a) Making of Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including without limitation, Section 2.16., each Revolving Lender severally and not jointly agrees to make Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars to the Borrower during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Revolving Termination Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to, but not exceeding, such Lender s Revolving Commitment. Each borrowing of Revolving Loans that are to be (i) Base Rate Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess thereof, (ii) Daily SOFR Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess thereof and (iii) Term SOFR Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess thereof. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding two sentences but subject to Section 2.16., a borrowing of Revolving Loans may be in the aggregate amount of the unused Revolving 
 40 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 

(b) Requests for Revolving Loans . Not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time at least one (1) Business Day prior to a borrowing of Revolving Loans that are to be Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans and not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to a borrowing of Revolving Loans that are to be Term SOFR Loans, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Borrowing. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans to be borrowed, the date such Revolving Loans are to be borrowed (which must be a Business Day for any Loan and a U.S. Government Securities Business Day for any Term SOFR Loan), the use of the proceeds of such Revolving Loans, the Type of the requested Revolving Loans, and if such Revolving Loans are to be Term SOFR Loans, the initial Interest Period for such Revolving Loans. Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable once given and binding on the Borrower. Prior to delivering a Notice of Borrowing, the Borrower may (without specifying whether a Revolving Loan will be a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or a Term SOFR Loan) request that the Administrative Agent provide the Borrower with the most recent SOFR available to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall provide such quoted rate to the Borrower on the date of such request or as soon as possible thereafter. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Loan, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 
 (c) Funding of Revolving Loans . Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Borrowing under the immediately preceding subsection (b), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the proposed borrowing. Each Revolving Lender shall deposit an amount equal to the Revolving Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower with the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, in immediately available funds not later than 11 00 a.m. Central time on the date of such proposed Revolving Loans. Subject to fulfillment of all applicable conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall make available to the Borrower in the account specified in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement, not later than 2 00 p.m. Central time on the date of the requested borrowing of Revolving Loans, the proceeds of such amounts received by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (d) Assumptions Regarding Funding by Revolving Lenders . With respect to Revolving Loans to be made after the Effective Date, unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Revolving Lender that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent a Revolving Loan to be made by such Lender in connection with any borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section, and the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower the amount of such Revolving Loan to be provided by such Lender. In such event, if such Lender does not make available to the Administrative Agent the proceeds of such Revolving Loan, then such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent on demand the amount of such Revolving Loan with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Revolving Loan is made available to the Borrower but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay the amount of such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Revolving Loan, the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Revolving Lender that shall have failed to make available the proceeds of a Revolving Loan to be made by such Lender. 
 41 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 2.2. Term Loans . 
 
 (a) Making of Term Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on the Effective Date, each Term Loan Lender severally and not jointly agrees to make a Term Loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. Upon a Lender s funding of its Term Loan, the Term Loan Commitment of such Lender shall terminate, and all undrawn Term Loan Commitments shall terminate at 5 00 p.m. Central time on the Effective Date. 
 
 (b) Requests for Term Loans . Not later than 11 00 a.m. Central time at least three (3) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the anticipated Effective Date, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent notice requesting that the Term Loan Lenders make the Term Loans on the Effective Date and specifying the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans to be borrowed, the Type of the Term Loans, and if such Term Loans are to be Term SOFR Loans, the initial Interest Period for the Term Loans. Such notice shall be irrevocable once given and binding on the Borrower, and, if such Term Loans are to be Daily SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, shall include customary funding indemnification language. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Term Loan Lender. 
 
 (c) Funding of Term Loans . Each Term Loan Lender shall deposit an amount equal to the Term Loan to be made by such Term Loan Lender to the Borrower with the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, in immediately available funds, not later than 11 00 a.m. Central time on the Effective Date. Subject to fulfillment of all applicable conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall make available to the Borrower in the account specified by the Borrower in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement, not later than 2 00 p.m. Central time on the Effective Date, the proceeds of such amounts received by the Administrative Agent. The Borrower may not reborrow any portion of the Term Loans once repaid. 
 
 Section 2.3. Reserved . 
 
 Section 2.4. Letters of Credit . 
 
 (a) Letters of Credit . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, Section 2.16., the Issuing Banks, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, agree to issue for the account of the Borrower during the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date thirty (30) days prior to the Revolving Termination Date, one or more standby letters of credit (each a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars up to a maximum aggregate Stated Amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed 25,000,000, as such amount may be reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof (the L C Commitment Amount provided, that, unless otherwise agreed by such Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, the aggregate Stated Amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed the lesser of (i) one-half of the L C Commitment Amount and (ii) the Revolving Commitment of such Issuing Bank in its capacity as a Lender. 
 
 (b) Terms of Letters of Credit . At the time of issuance or amendment, the amount, form, terms and conditions of each Letter of Credit (or amendment thereto as applicable), and of any drafts or acceptances thereunder, shall be subject to approval by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may (i) the expiration date of any Letter of Credit extend 
 42 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

beyond the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the Revolving Termination Date, or (ii) any Letter of Credit have an initial duration in excess of one year provided , however , a Letter of Credit may contain a provision providing for the automatic extension of the expiration date in the absence of a notice of non-renewal from the applicable Issuing Bank but in no event shall any such provision permit the extension of the expiration date of such Letter of Credit beyond the earlier of (x) the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the Revolving Termination Date and (y) the date one year after the current expiration date of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Letter of Credit may, as a result of its express terms or as the result of the effect of an automatic extension provision, have an expiration date of not more than one year beyond the Revolving Termination Date (any such Letter of Credit being referred to as an Extended Letter of Credit ), so long as the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the applicable Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders no later than fifteen (15) days (or such shorter period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank) prior to the Revolving Termination Date, Cash Collateral for such Letter of Credit for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account in an amount equal to the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit provided , that the obligations of the Borrower under this Section in respect of such Extended Letters of Credit shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall remain in effect until no such Extended Letters of Credit remain outstanding. If the Borrower fails to provide Cash Collateral with respect to any Extended Letter of Credit by the date fifteen (15) days prior to the Revolving Termination Date, such failure shall be treated as a drawing under such Extended Letter of Credit (in an amount equal to the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit), which shall be reimbursed (or participations therein funded) by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with the immediately following subsections (i) and (j), with the proceeds being utilized to provide Cash Collateral for such Letter of Credit. The initial Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit shall be at least 50,000 (or such lesser amount as may be acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower). 

(c) Requests for Issuance of Letters of Credit . The Borrower shall give the Issuing Bank it desires to issue a Letter of Credit and the Administrative Agent written notice at least five (5) Business Days prior (or such shorter period as may be mutually agreed by the Borrower and such Issuing Bank) to the requested date of issuance of a Letter of Credit, such notice to describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Letter of Credit and the nature of the transactions or obligations proposed to be supported by such Letter of Credit, and in any event shall set forth with respect to such Letter of Credit the proposed (i) initial Stated Amount, (ii) beneficiary, and (iii) expiration date. The Borrower shall also execute and deliver such customary applications and agreements for standby letters of credit, and other forms as requested from time to time by the applicable Issuing Bank. Provided the Borrower has given the notice prescribed by the first sentence of this subsection and delivered such applications and agreements referred to in the preceding sentence, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the satisfaction of any applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2., the applicable Issuing Bank shall issue the requested Letter of Credit on the requested date of issuance for the benefit of the stipulated beneficiary but in no event prior to the date five (5) Business Days following the date after which such Issuing Bank has received all of the items required to be delivered to it under this subsection. No Issuing Bank shall at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause such Issuing Bank or any Revolving Lender to exceed any limits imposed by, any Applicable Law. References herein to issue and derivations thereof with respect to Letters of Credit shall also include extensions or modifications of any outstanding Letters of Credit, unless the context otherwise requires. Upon the written request of the Borrower, the applicable Issuing Bank shall deliver to the Borrower a copy of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank within a reasonable time after the date of issuance thereof. To the extent any term of a Letter of Credit Document (excluding any certificate or other document presented by a beneficiary in connection with a drawing under such Letter of Credit) is inconsistent with a term of any Loan Document, the term of such Loan Document shall control. The Borrower shall examine the copy of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit that is delivered to it by the applicable Issuing Bank and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly (but in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the later of (x) receipt by the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit of the original of, or amendment or other modification to, such Letter of Credit, as applicable and (y) receipt by the Borrower of a copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment or other modification, as applicable) notify such Issuing 
 43 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Bank. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the applicable Issuing Bank and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

(d) Reimbursement Obligations . Upon receipt by an Issuing Bank from the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank of any demand for payment under such Letter of Credit and such Issuing Bank s determination that such demand for payment complies with the requirements of such Letter of Credit, such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of the amount to be paid by such Issuing Bank as a result of such demand and the date on which payment is to be made by such Issuing Bank to such beneficiary in respect of such demand provided , however , that an Issuing Bank s failure to give, or delay in giving, such notice shall not discharge the Borrower in any respect from the applicable Reimbursement Obligation. The Borrower hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay and reimburse each Issuing Bank for the amount of each demand for payment under each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank at or prior to the date on which payment is to be made by such Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereunder, without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities of any kind. Upon receipt by an Issuing Bank of any payment in respect of any Reimbursement Obligation owing with respect to a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, such Issuing Bank shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender that has acquired a participation therein under the second sentence of the immediately following subsection (i) such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such payment. 

(e) Manner of Reimbursement . Upon its receipt of a notice referred to in the immediately preceding subsection (d), the Borrower shall advise the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank whether or not the Borrower intends to borrow hereunder to finance its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank for the amount of the related demand for payment and, if it does, the Borrower shall submit a timely request for such borrowing as provided in the applicable provisions of this Agreement. If the Borrower fails to so advise the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, or if the Borrower fails to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit by the date of such payment, the failure of which the applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, then (i) if the applicable conditions contained in Article VI. would permit the making of Revolving Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a borrowing of Revolving Loans (which shall be Base Rate Loans) in an amount equal to the unpaid Reimbursement Obligation and the Administrative Agent shall give each Revolving Lender prompt notice of the amount of the Revolving Loan to be made available to the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 noon Central time and (ii) if such conditions would not permit the making of Revolving Loans, the provisions of subsection (j) of this Section shall apply. The limitations set forth in the second sentence of Section 2.1.(a) shall not apply to any borrowing of Base Rate Loans under this subsection. 

(f) Effect of Letters of Credit on Revolving Commitments . Upon the issuance by an Issuing Bank of any Letter of Credit and until such Letter of Credit shall have expired or been cancelled, the Revolving Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be utilized for all purposes of this Agreement in an amount equal to the product of (i) such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage and (ii) the sum of (A) the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit plus (B) any related Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding. 

44 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(g) Issuing Banks Duties Regarding Letters of Credit Unconditional Nature of Reimbursement Obligations . In examining documents presented in connection with drawings under Letters of Credit and making payments under Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing Bank against such documents, such Issuing Bank shall only be required to use the same standard of care as it uses in connection with examining documents presented in connection with drawings under letters of credit in which it has not sold participations and making payments under such letters of credit. The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, none of the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders shall be responsible for, and the Borrower s obligations in respect of Letters of Credit shall not be affected in any manner by, (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effects of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for and issuance of or any drawing honored under any Letter of Credit even if such document should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any Letter of Credit, or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason (iii) failure of the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telex, telecopy, electronic mail or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any Letter of Credit, or of the proceeds thereof (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or of the proceeds of any drawing under any Letter of Credit or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. None of the above shall affect, impair or prevent the vesting of any Issuing Bank s or Administrative Agent s rights or powers hereunder. Any action taken or omitted to be taken by an Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, if taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment), shall not create against such Issuing Bank any liability to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender. In this connection, the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any drawing made under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, and to repay any Revolving Loan made pursuant to the second sentence of the immediately preceding subsection (e), shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any other applicable Letter of Credit Document under all circumstances whatsoever, including without limitation, the following circumstances (A) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit Document or any term or provisions therein (B) any amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from all or any of the Letter of Credit Documents (C) the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right which the Borrower may have at any time against any Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or in the Letter of Credit Documents or any unrelated transaction (D) any breach of contract or dispute between or among the Borrower, any Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Person (E) any demand, statement or any other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein or made in connection therewith being untrue or inaccurate in any respect whatsoever (F) any non-application or misapplication by the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit (G) payment by such Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate which does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit and (H) any other act, omission to act, delay or circumstance whatsoever that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s Reimbursement Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section or Section 13.9., but not in limitation of the Borrower s unconditional obligation to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any drawing made under a Letter of Credit as provided in this Section and to repay any Revolving Loan made pursuant to the second sentence of the immediately preceding subsection (e), the Borrower shall have no obligation to indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in respect of any liability incurred by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender arising solely out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender in respect of a Letter of Credit as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, nothing in this Section 
 45 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

shall affect any rights the Borrower may have with respect to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit. 

(h) Amendments, Etc. The issuance by an Issuing Bank of any amendment, supplement or other modification to any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank shall be subject to the same conditions applicable under this Agreement to the issuance of new Letters of Credit (including, without limitation, that the request therefor be made through the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent), and no such amendment, supplement or other modification shall be issued unless either (i) the respective Letter of Credit affected thereby would have complied with such conditions had it originally been issued hereunder in such amended, supplemented or modified form or (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lenders, if any, required by Section 13.6. shall have consented thereto. In connection with any such amendment, supplement or other modification, the Borrower shall pay the fees, if any, payable under the last sentence of Section 3.5.(c). 

(i) Revolving Lenders Participation in Letters of Credit . Immediately upon the issuance by an Issuing Bank of any Letter of Credit each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and received from the applicable Issuing Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation to the extent of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of the liability of such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit and each Revolving Lender thereby shall absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably assume, as primary obligor and not as surety, and shall be unconditionally obligated to such Issuing Bank to pay and discharge when due, such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such Issuing Bank s liability under such Letter of Credit for which such Issuing Bank is not reimbursed in full by the Borrower through a Base Rate Loan or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, upon the making of each payment by a Revolving Lender to the Administrative Agent for the account of an Issuing Bank in respect of any Letter of Credit issued by it pursuant to the immediately following subsection (j), such Lender shall, automatically and without any further action on the part of such Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, acquire (i) a participation in an amount equal to such payment in the Reimbursement Obligation owing to such Issuing Bank by the Borrower in respect of such Letter of Credit and (ii) a participation in a percentage equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage in any interest or other amounts payable by the Borrower in respect of such Reimbursement Obligation (other than the Fees payable to such Issuing Bank pursuant to the second and the last sentences of Section 3.5.(c)). Upon receipt by the applicable Issuing Bank of any payment in respect of any Reimbursement Obligation, such Issuing Bank shall promptly pay to each Revolving Lender that has acquired a participation therein under the second sentence of this subsection (i), such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such payment. 

(j) Payment Obligation of Revolving Lenders . Each Revolving Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Issuing Bank, on demand or upon notice in accordance with subsection (e) above in immediately available funds in Dollars the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of each drawing paid by such Issuing Bank under each Letter of Credit issued by it to the extent such amount is not reimbursed by the Borrower pursuant to the immediately preceding subsection (d) provided , however , that in respect of any drawing under any Letter of Credit, the maximum amount that any Revolving Lender shall be required to fund, whether as a Revolving Loan or as a participation, shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such drawing except as otherwise provided in Section 3.9.(d). If the notice referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.4.(e) is received by a Revolving Lender not later than 11 00 a.m. Central time, then such Lender shall make such payment available to the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. Central time on the date of demand therefor otherwise, such payment shall be made available to the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time on the next succeeding Business Day. Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make such payments to the Administrative Agent under this subsection, 
 46 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

and the Administrative Agent s right to receive the same for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, shall be absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected in any way by any circumstance whatsoever, including without limitation, (i) the failure of any other Revolving Lender to make its payment under this subsection, (ii) the financial condition of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, (iii) the existence of any Default or Event of Default, including any Event of Default described in Section 11.1.(e) or (f), (iv) the termination of the Revolving Commitments or (v) the delivery of Cash Collateral in respect of any Extended Letter of Credit. Each such payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or deduction whatsoever. 
 
 (k) Information to Lenders . Promptly following any change in Letters of Credit outstanding, the applicable Issuing Bank shall provide to the Administrative Agent, which shall promptly provide the same to each Revolving Lender and the Borrower, a notice describing the aggregate amount of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank outstanding at such time. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent from time to time, an Issuing Bank shall deliver any other information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (or a Revolving Lender through the Administrative Agent) with respect to such Letters of Credit that are the subject of such request. Other than as set forth in this subsection, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent shall have no duty to notify the Lenders regarding the issuance or other matters regarding Letters of Credit issued hereunder. The failure of any Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent to perform its requirements under this subsection shall not relieve any Revolving Lender from its obligations under the immediately preceding subsection (j). 
 
 (l) Extended Letters of Credit . Each Revolving Lender confirms that its obligations under the immediately preceding subsections (i) and (j) shall be reinstated in full and apply if the delivery of any Cash Collateral in respect of an Extended Letter of Credit is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise. 
 
 (m) Reporting of Letter of Credit Information and L C Commitment . At any time that there is an Issuing Bank that is not also the financial institution acting as Administrative Agent, then (i) on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (ii) on each date that a Letter of Credit is amended, terminated or otherwise expires, (iii) on each date that a Letter of Credit is issued or the expiry date of a Letter of Credit is extended, and (iv) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank (or, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section, the applicable Issuing Bank) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent information (including, without limitation, any reimbursement, Cash Collateral, or termination in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank) with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank that is outstanding hereunder. In addition, each Issuing Bank shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent of its L C Commitment, or any change thereto, promptly upon it becoming an Issuing Bank or making any change to its L C Commitment. No failure on the part of any Issuing Bank to provide such information pursuant to this Section 2.4.(m) shall limit the obligations of the Borrower or any Revolving Lender hereunder with respect to its reimbursement and participation obligations hereunder. 
 
 (n) Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . 
 
 (i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced (including concurrently with the assignment of all of the Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans of any Lender then acting as an Issuing Bank hereunder) at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and any successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.5.(c). 
 47 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by such successor Issuing Bank thereafter, (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require, and (iii) the successor Issuing Bank shall, or any other Issuing Bank may, issue letters of credit in substitution for all Letters of Credit issued by the replaced Issuing Bank outstanding at the time of such succession (which letters of credit issued in substitutions shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued hereunder) or make other arrangements satisfactory to the replaced Issuing Bank to effectively assume the obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder or the assignment of all of the Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans of any Lender then acting as an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced or departing Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto (but only to extent the replaced or departing Issuing Bank still has Letters of Credit that will be issued and outstanding) and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement for which there is no substituted Letter of Credit, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 
 (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, an Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.4.(n)(i) above. 

Section 2.5. Swingline Loans . 
 
 (a) Swingline Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including without limitation Section 2.16., the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars to the Borrower, during the period from the Effective Date to but excluding the Swingline Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding up to, but not exceeding, 25,000,000 (the Swingline Availability ), as such amount may be reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof provided , that (i) after giving effect to any amount requested, the Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (ii) the Swingline Lender shall not be obligated to make Swingline Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of an amount equal to (x) the Revolving Commitment of the Swingline Lender in its capacity as a Revolving Lender minus (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) and Letter of Credit Liabilities made by the Swingline Lender in its capacity as a Revolving Lender. If at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Loans outstanding at such time exceeds the Swingline Availability at such time, the Borrower shall immediately pay the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the amount of such excess. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans hereunder. Outstanding Swingline Loans shall be deemed to utilize the Revolving Commitments on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The borrowing of a Swingline Loan shall not constitute usage of any Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment for purposes of calculation of the fee payable under Section 3.5.(b). 
 
 (b) Procedure for Borrowing Swingline Loans . The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender notice pursuant to a Notice of Swingline Borrowing or telephonic notice of each borrowing of a Swingline Loan. Each Notice of Swingline Borrowing shall be delivered to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent no later than 1 00 p.m. Central time on the proposed date of such borrowing. Any telephonic notice shall include all information to be specified in a written Notice of Swingline Borrowing and shall be promptly confirmed in writing by the Borrower pursuant to a Notice of Swingline Borrowing sent to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication on the same day of the giving of such telephonic 
 48 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

notice. Not later than 3 00 p.m. Central time on the date of the requested Swingline Loan and subject to satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 6.2. for such borrowing, the Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of such Swingline Loan available to the Borrower in Dollars, in immediately available funds, at the account specified by the Borrower in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement. 

(c) Interest . Swingline Loans shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans or at such other rate or rates as the Borrower and the Swingline Lender may agree from time to time in writing. Interest on Swingline Loans is solely for the account of the Swingline Lender (except to the extent a Revolving Lender acquires a participating interest in a Swingline Loan pursuant to the immediately following subsection (e)). All accrued and unpaid interest on Swingline Loans shall be payable on the dates and in the manner provided in Section 2.6. with respect to interest on Base Rate Loans (except as the Swingline Lender and the Borrower may otherwise agree in writing in connection with any particular Swingline Loan). 

(d) Swingline Loan Amounts, Etc. Each Swingline Loan shall be in the minimum amount of 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof, or such other minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower. Any voluntary prepayment of a Swingline Loan must be in integral multiples of 100,000 or the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans (or such other minimum amounts upon which the Swingline Lender and the Borrower may agree) and in connection with any such prepayment, the Borrower must give the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent prior written notice thereof no later than 12 00 noon Central time on the day prior to the date of such prepayment. The Swingline Loans shall, in addition to this Agreement, be evidenced by the Swingline Note. 

(e) Repayment and Participations of Swingline Loans . The Borrower agrees to repay each Swingline Loan within one (1) Business Day of demand therefor by the Swingline Lender and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the date such Swingline Loan was made provided , that (x) upon the making of any Revolving Loan while a Swingline Loan is outstanding, the proceeds of such Revolving Loans shall be applied to repay any such outstanding Swingline Loan, and (y) the proceeds of a Swingline Loan may not be used to pay a Swingline Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Swingline Loans on the Swingline Maturity Date (or such earlier date as the Swingline Lender and the Borrower may agree in writing). In lieu of demanding repayment of any outstanding Swingline Loan from the Borrower, the Swingline Lender may, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), request a borrowing of Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans from the Revolving Lenders in an amount equal to the principal balance of such Swingline Loan. The amount limitations contained in the second sentence of Section 2.1.(a) shall not apply to any borrowing of such Revolving Loans made pursuant to this subsection. The Swingline Lender shall give notice to the Administrative Agent of any such borrowing of Revolving Loans not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time at least one (1) Business Day prior to the proposed date of such borrowing. Promptly after receipt of such notice of borrowing of Revolving Loans from the Swingline Lender under the immediately preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the proposed borrowing. Not later than 11 00 a.m. Central time on the proposed date of such borrowing, each Revolving Lender will make available to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office for the account of the Swingline Lender, in immediately available funds, the proceeds of the Revolving Loan to be made by such Lender. The Administrative Agent shall pay the proceeds of such Revolving Loans to the Swingline Lender, which shall apply such proceeds to repay such Swingline Loan. If the Revolving Lenders are prohibited from making Revolving Loans required to be made under this subsection for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, the existence of any of the Defaults or Events of Default described in Sections 11.1.(e) or (f), each Revolving Lender shall purchase from the Swingline Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation to the extent of such Lender s Revolving Commitment Percentage of such Swingline Loan, by directly purchasing a participation in such Swingline 
 49 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Loan in such amount and paying the proceeds thereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender in Dollars and in immediately available funds. A Revolving Lender s obligation to purchase such a participation in a Swingline Loan shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including without limitation, (i) any claim of setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any other Person whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or Event of Default (including without limitation, any of the Defaults or Events of Default described in Sections 11.1. (e) or (f)), or the termination of any Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment, (iii) the existence (or alleged existence) of an event or condition which has had or could have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any breach of any Loan Document by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. If such amount is not in fact made available to the Swingline Lender by any Revolving Lender, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for each day from the date of demand thereof, at the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Swingline Lender s demand therefor, and until such time as such Lender makes the required payment, the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the amount of such unpaid participation obligation for all purposes of the Loan Documents (other than those provisions requiring the other Revolving Lenders to purchase a participation therein). Further, such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its Revolving Loans, and any other amounts due it hereunder, to the Swingline Lender to fund Swingline Loans in the amount of the participation in Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to purchase pursuant to this Section until such amount has been purchased (as a result of such assignment or otherwise). 
 
 Section 2.6. Rates and Payment of Interest on Loans . 
 (a) Rates . The Borrower promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by such Lender for the period from and including the date of the making of such Loan to but excluding the date such Loan shall be paid in full, at the following per annum rates 
 
 (i) during such periods as such Loan is a Base Rate Loan, at the Base Rate (as in effect from time to time), plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans applicable to such Loan 
 
 (ii) during such periods as such Loan is a Term SOFR Loan, at Adjusted Term SOFR for such Loan for the Interest Period therefor, plus the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Loans and 
 
 (iii) during such periods as such Loan is a Daily SOFR Loan, at Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR for such Loan (as in effect from time to time), plus the Applicable Margin for Daily SOFR Loans. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, while an Event of Default under Section 11.1.(a), 11.1.(e) or 11.1.(f) exists (and at the direction of the Requisite Lenders while any other Event of Default exists) or after the Obligations have otherwise been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender and the applicable Issuing Banks, as the case may be, interest at the Post-Default Rate on the outstanding principal amount of any Loan made by such Lender, on all Reimbursement Obligations and on any other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder or under the Notes held by such Lender to or for the account of such Lender (including without limitation, accrued but unpaid interest to the extent permitted under Applicable Law). 
 
 50 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(b) Payment of Interest . All accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount of each Loan shall be payable (i) with respect to any Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, monthly in arrears on the first day of each month, commencing with the first full calendar month occurring after the Effective Date, (ii) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto and, in the case of any Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and (iii) on any date on which the principal balance of such Loan is due and payable in full (whether at maturity, due to acceleration or otherwise). In the event of (i) any repayment or prepayment of any Term SOFR Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (ii) any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. Interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable from time to time on demand. All determinations by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding on the Lenders and the Borrower for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 (c) Borrower Information Used to Determine Applicable Interest Rates . The parties understand that the applicable interest rate for the Obligations and certain fees set forth herein may be determined and or adjusted from time to time based upon certain financial ratios and or other information to be provided or certified to the Lenders by the Borrower (the Borrower Information ). If it is subsequently determined that any such Borrower Information was incorrect (for whatever reason, including without limitation because of a subsequent restatement of earnings by the Borrower) at the time it was delivered to the Administrative Agent, and if the applicable interest rate or fees calculated for any period were lower than they should have been had the correct information been timely provided, then, such interest rate and such fees for such period shall be automatically recalculated using correct Borrower Information. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing of any additional interest and fees due because of such recalculation, and the Borrower shall pay such additional interest or fees due to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such written notice. Any recalculation of interest or fees required by this provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and this provision shall not in any way limit any of the Administrative Agent s, any Issuing Bank s, or any Lender s other rights under this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Term SOFR and Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Conforming Changes . In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR and Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 
 Section 2.7. Number of Interest Periods . 
 
 There may be no more than six (6) different Interest Periods for Term SOFR Loans outstanding at the same time and not more than six (6) Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans outstanding at the same time. 
 
 Section 2.8. Repayment of Loans . 
 
 (a) Revolving Loans . The Borrower promises to repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date. 
 
 51 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(b) Term Loans . The Borrower promises to repay the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, the Term Loans on the Term Loan Maturity Date. 
 
 Section 2.9. Prepayments . 
 
 (a) Optional . Subject to Section 5.4., the Borrower may prepay any Loan at any time without premium or penalty. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior written notice (which may be by telecopy or electronic mail) (i) at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the prepayment of any Term SOFR Loan and (ii) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the prepayment of any Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, which such notices may be conditioned on the occurrence of refinancing of such Loans. Each voluntary prepayment of Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess thereof (except for the Swingline Loans, which can be repaid in an aggregate minimum amount of 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof). 
 
 (b) Mandatory. 
 
 (i) Revolving Commitment Overadvance . If at any time the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, together with the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Liabilities, exceeds the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall immediately upon demand pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders then holding Revolving Commitments (or if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, then holding outstanding Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and or Letter of Credit Liabilities), the amount of such excess. 
 
 (ii) Application of Mandatory Prepayments . Amounts paid under the preceding subsection (b)(i) shall be applied to pay all amounts of principal outstanding on the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and any Reimbursement Obligations pro rata in accordance with Section 3.2. and if any Letters of Credit are outstanding at such time, the remainder, if any, shall be deposited into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account for application to any Reimbursement Obligations. If the Borrower is required to pay any outstanding Term SOFR Loans by reason of this Section prior to the end of the applicable Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall pay all amounts due under Section 5.4. 
 
 (c) No Effect on Derivatives Contracts . No repayment or prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section shall affect any of the Borrower s obligations under any Derivatives Contracts entered into with respect to the Loans. 
 
 Section 2.10. Continuation . 
 
 So long as no Default or Event of Default exists, the Borrower may, on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, elect to maintain such Term SOFR Loan or any portion thereof as a Term SOFR Loan by selecting a new Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. Each Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess of that amount, and each new Interest Period selected under this Section shall commence on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period. Each selection of a new Interest Period shall be made by the Borrower giving to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Continuation not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time on the third (3rd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the date of any such Continuation. Such notice by the Borrower of a Continuation shall be by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication in the form of a Notice of 
 52 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Continuation, specifying (a) the proposed date of such Continuation, (b) the Term SOFR Loans and portions thereof subject to such Continuation and (c) the duration of the selected Interest Period, all of which shall be specified in such manner as is necessary to comply with all limitations on Loans outstanding hereunder. Each Notice of Continuation shall be irrevocable by and binding on the Borrower once given. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed Continuation. If the Borrower shall fail to select in a timely manner a new Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan in accordance with this Section, such Loan will automatically, on the last day of the current Interest Period therefor, continue as a Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period of one month provided , however that if a Default or Event of Default exists, such Loan will automatically, on the last day of the current Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Loan notwithstanding the first sentence of Section 2.11. or the Borrower s failure to comply with any of the terms of such Section. 
 
 Section 2.11. Conversion . 
 The Borrower may on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, upon the Borrower s giving of a Notice of Conversion to the Administrative Agent by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication, Convert all or a portion of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another Type provided , however , a Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan may not be Converted into a Term SOFR Loan if a Default or Event of Default exists. Each Conversion of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans into Term SOFR Loans shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of 1,000,000 and integral multiples of 250,000 in excess of that amount. Any Conversion of a Term SOFR Loan into a Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan shall be made on, and only on, the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. Each such Notice of Conversion shall be given not later than (i) 1 00 p.m. Central time three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of any proposed Conversion into a Daily SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Loan and (ii) 1 00 p.m. Central time three (3) Business Days prior to the date of any proposed Conversion into a Base Rate Loan. Promptly after receipt of a Notice of Conversion, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed Conversion. Subject to the restrictions specified above, each Notice of Conversion shall be by telecopy, electronic mail or other similar form of communication in the form of a Notice of Conversion specifying (a) the requested date of such Conversion, (b) the Type of Loan to be Converted, (c) the portion of such Type of Loan to be Converted, (d) the Type of Loan such Loan is to be Converted into and (e) if such Conversion is into a Term SOFR Loan, the requested duration of the Interest Period of such Loan. If the Borrower shall elect a conversion to Term SOFR Loans but fails to select an Interest Period for any Term SOFR Loan in accordance with this Section, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. Each Notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable by and binding on the Borrower once given. 
 
 Section 2.12. Notes . 
 
 (a) Notes . In the case of a Revolving Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent in writing that it elects to receive a Revolving Note, the Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender shall, in addition to this Agreement, also be evidenced by a Revolving Note, payable to such Revolving Lender (or its registered assigns) in a principal amount equal to the amount of its Revolving Commitment as originally in effect and otherwise duly completed. The Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower shall at the election of the Swingline Lender, in addition to this Agreement, also be evidenced by a Swingline Note payable to the Swingline Lender (or its registered assigns). In the case of a Term Loan Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent in writing that it elects to receive a Term Note, the Term Loan made by such Term Loan Lender shall, in addition to this Agreement, also be evidenced by a Term Note, payable to such Term Loan Lender (or its registered assigns) in a principal amount equal to the amount of its Term Loan and otherwise duly completed. 
 
 (b) Records . The date, amount, interest rate, Type and duration of Interest Periods (if applicable) of each Loan made by each Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal 
 53 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

thereof, shall be recorded by such Lender on its books and such entries shall be binding on the Borrower absent manifest error provided , however , that (i) the failure of a Lender to make any such record shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under any of the Loan Documents and (ii) if there is a discrepancy between such records of a Lender and the statements of accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.8., in the absence of manifest error, the statements of account maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.8. shall be controlling. 
 
 (c) Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Notes . Upon receipt by the Borrower of (i) written notice from a Lender that a Note of such Lender has been lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, and (ii)(A) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, an unsecured agreement of indemnity from such Lender in form reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, or (B) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such Note, the Borrower shall at its own expense execute and deliver to such Lender a new Note dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note. 
 
 Section 2.13. Voluntary Reductions of the Revolving Commitment . 
 
 The Borrower shall have the right to terminate or reduce the aggregate unused amount of the Revolving Commitments (for which purpose use of the Revolving Commitments shall be deemed to include the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Liabilities and the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans) at any time and from time to time without penalty or premium upon not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of each such termination or reduction, which notice shall specify the effective date thereof and the amount of any such reduction (which in the case of any partial reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall not be less than 5,000,000 and integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess of that amount in the aggregate) and shall be irrevocable once given and effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent Commitment Reduction Notice provided , however , a Commitment Reduction Notice may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of a refinancing of all outstanding Revolving Loans, in which case such Commitment Reduction Notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date of such Commitment Reduction Notice) if such condition is not satisfied and provided, further the Borrower may not reduce the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments below 75,000,000 unless the Borrower is terminating the Revolving Commitments in full. Promptly after receipt of a Commitment Reduction Notice the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed termination or Revolving Commitment reduction. Without limitation of the provisions of Section 2.17., the Revolving Commitments, once reduced or terminated pursuant to this Section, may not be increased or reinstated. The Borrower shall pay all interest and fees on the Revolving Loans accrued to the date of such reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lenders, including but not limited to any applicable compensation due to each Revolving Lender in accordance with Section 5.4. 

Section 2.14. Extension of Revolving Termination Date . 

So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may elect at least thirty (30) days but no more than ninety (90) days prior to the then applicable Revolving Termination Date, to extend the Revolving Termination Date for one successive one year period as provided in this Section 2.14. by providing written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify each of the Lenders). If on the then applicable Revolving Termination Date and on the date of delivery of the notice of such election (i) no Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such date (or, if such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as 
 54 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

of such specific date), (iii) the Borrower pays the fee due pursuant to Section 3.5.(d), and (iv) the Borrower has given written notice to the Administrative Agent of such election to extend the Revolving Termination Date within the time frame set forth in this Section 2.14., the Revolving Termination Date shall be extended to December 20, 2024. 
 
 Section 2.15. Expiration Date of Letters of Credit Past Revolving Commitment Termination . 
 
 If on the date the Revolving Commitments are terminated or reduced to zero (whether voluntarily, by reason of the occurrence of an Event of Default or otherwise) there are any Letters of Credit outstanding hereunder and the aggregate Stated Amount of such Letters of Credit exceeds the balance of available funds on deposit in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, then the Borrower shall, on such date, pay to the Administrative Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders and the applicable Issuing Banks, for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, an amount of money equal to the amount of such excess. 
 
 Section 2.16. Amount Limitations . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no Lender shall be required to make a Loan, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue a Letter of Credit and no reduction of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.13. shall take effect, if immediately after the making of such Loan, the issuance of such Letter of Credit or such reduction in the Revolving Commitments the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, together with the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Liabilities, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments at such time. 

Section 2.17. Incremental Facilities. 
 
 The Borrower shall have the right to request increases in the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments or the making of incremental term loans hereunder Incremental Term Loans , and any such increase or Incremental Term Loans, an Incremental Facility by providing written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall be irrevocable once given provided , however , that after giving effect to any such Incremental Facility the aggregate amount of the sum of the Revolving Commitments plus the principal amount of Term Loans (including any such Incremental Term Loans) shall not exceed 650,000,000. The allocation of any increase between the Revolving Commitments and Incremental Term Loans shall be made at the time Borrower requests such increase. Each such Incremental Facility must be an aggregate minimum amount of 25,000,000 and integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof. The Arrangers, in consultation with the Borrower, shall manage all aspects of the syndication of such Incremental Facilities, including decisions as to the selection of the existing Lenders and or other banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders to be approached with respect to such increase or Incremental Term Loans and the allocations thereof among such existing Lenders and or other banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders. No Lender shall be obligated in any way whatsoever to increase its Revolving Commitment or provide a new Revolving Commitment or Incremental Term Loans, and any new Lender becoming a party to this Agreement in connection with any such requested increase must be an Eligible Assignee and, if such new Lender is assuming Revolving Commitments, must be subject to the consent of each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. If a new Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, or if any existing Lender is increasing its Revolving Commitment, such Lender shall on the date it becomes a Lender hereunder (or in the case of an existing Lender, increases its Revolving Commitment) (and as a condition thereto) purchase from the other Lenders its Revolving Commitment Percentage (determined with respect to the Lenders respective Revolving Commitments and after giving effect to the increase of Revolving Commitments) of any outstanding Revolving Loans, by making available to the Administrative Agent for the account of such other Lenders, in same day 
 55 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

funds, an amount equal to (A) the portion of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Loans to be purchased by such Lender, plus (B) the aggregate amount of payments previously made by the other Revolving Lenders under Section 2.4.(j) that have not been repaid, plus (C) interest accrued and unpaid to and as of such date on such portion of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Loans. The Borrower shall pay to the Revolving Lenders amounts payable, if any, to such Revolving Lenders under Section 5.4. as a result of the prepayment of any such Revolving Loans. Revolving Loans made pursuant to any increased Revolving Commitment and the Incremental Term Loans (i) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans and Term Loans, (ii) shall be equally and ratably secured with the Revolving Loans and Term Loans, (iii) in the case of Incremental Term Loans, (x) shall not mature earlier than the Term Loans and (y) shall have no amortization or otherwise be permitted to be prepaid prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, and (iv) shall be treated substantially the same (and in any event not more favorably than) the Revolving Loans. Effecting any Incremental Facility under this Section is subject to the following conditions precedent (x) no Default or Event of Default shall be in existence on the effective date of such increase, (y) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and any other Loan Party in any Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on the effective date of such increase except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date), and (z) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (i) if not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, copies certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of (A) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by the Borrower to authorize such Incremental Facility and (B) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by each Guarantor authorizing the guaranty of such Incremental Facility (ii) a supplement to this Agreement executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any Lender providing such Incremental Facility, which supplement may include such amendments to this agreement as the Administrative Agent deems reasonably necessary or appropriate to implement such Incremental Facility contemplated by this Section 2.17., together with the consent of the Guarantors thereto (iii) an opinion of counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders covering such matters as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (iv) new or replacement Revolving Notes or Term Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to any Lenders participating in such Incremental Facility, as applicable, in the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment or aggregate Term Loans at the time of the effectiveness of the applicable Incremental Facility. In connection with any Incremental Facility, any Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 

Section 2.18. Funds Transfer Disbursements . 

The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of any Loan made by the Lenders or any of their Affiliates pursuant to the Loan Documents as requested by an authorized representative of the Borrower to any of the accounts designated in the Disbursement Instruction Agreement. 
 56 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

ARTICLE III. PAYMENTS, FEES AND OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 3.1. Payments . 
 
 (a) Payments by Borrower . Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all payments of principal, interest, Fees and other amounts to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim, except to the extent required by Applicable Law including Taxes required to be withheld pursuant to Section 3.10., to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office, not later than 1 00 p.m. Central time on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day for any Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan and on the next succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for any Term SOFR Loan). Subject to Section 11.5., the Borrower shall, at the time of making each payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, specify to the Administrative Agent the amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder to which such payment is to be applied. Each payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Lender under this Agreement or any Note shall be paid to such Lender by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wiring instructions provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent from time to time, for the account of such Lender at the applicable Lending Office of such Lender. Each payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank under this Agreement shall be paid to such Issuing Bank by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wiring instructions provided by such Issuing Bank to the Administrative Agent from time to time, for the account of such Issuing Bank. In the event the Administrative Agent fails to pay such amounts to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such amounts, the Administrative Agent shall pay interest on such amount until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable, such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable, and interest shall continue to accrue at the rate, if any, applicable to such payment for the period of such extension. 
 
 (b) Presumptions Regarding Payments by Borrower . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent on demand that amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
 
 Section 3.2. Pro Rata Treatment . 
 
 Except to the extent otherwise provided herein (a) each borrowing from the Revolving Lenders under Sections 2.1.(a), 2.4.(e) and 2.5.(e) shall be made from the Revolving Lenders, each payment of the fees under Sections 3.5.(b), the first sentence of Section 3.5.(c), and 3.5.(d) shall be made for the account of the Revolving Lenders, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Revolving Commitments under Section 2.13. shall be applied to the respective Revolving Commitments of the 
 57 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Revolving Lenders, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Revolving Commitments (b) each payment or prepayment of principal of Revolving Loans shall be made for the account of the Revolving Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Revolving Loans held by them, provided that, subject to Section 3.9., if immediately prior to giving effect to any such payment in respect of any Revolving Loans the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans shall not be held by the Revolving Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments in effect at the time such Revolving Loans were made, then such payment shall be applied to the Revolving Loans in such manner as shall result, as nearly as is practicable, in the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans being held by the Revolving Lenders pro rata in accordance with such respective Revolving Commitments (c) the making of Term Loans under Section 2.2.(a) shall be made from the Term Loan Lenders pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Term Loan Commitments (d) each payment or prepayment of principal of Term Loans shall be made for the account of the Term Loan Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Term Loans held by them (e) each payment of interest on Revolving Loans or Term Loans shall be made for the account of the Revolving Lenders or Term Loan Lenders, as applicable, pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Revolving Loans or Term Loans, as applicable, then due and payable to the respective Lenders (f) the Conversion and Continuation of Revolving Loans or Term Loans of a particular Type (other than Conversions provided for by Sections 5.1.(c) and 5.5.) shall be made pro rata among the Revolving Lenders or Term Loan Lenders, as applicable, according to the amounts of their respective Revolving Loans or Term Loans, as applicable, and the then current Interest Period for each Lender s portion of each such Loan of such Type shall be coterminous (g) the Revolving Lenders participation in, and payment obligations in respect of, Swingline Loans under Section 2.5., shall be in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages and (h) the Revolving Lenders participation in, and payment obligations in respect of, Letters of Credit under Section 2.4., shall be in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages. All payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts in respect of the Swingline Loans shall be for the account of the Swingline Lender only (except to the extent any Lender shall have acquired a participating interest in any such Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.5.(e), in which case such payments shall be pro rata in accordance with such participating interests). 
 
 Section 3.3. Sharing of Payments, Etc. 
 
 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or other Obligations owing to such Lender resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon or other such Obligation greater than the share thereof as provided in Section 3.2. or Section 11.5., as applicable, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other Obligations owing to the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with Section 3.2. or Section 11.5., as applicable provided that 
 
 (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 3.9.(e) or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of, or sale of a participation in, any of its Loans or participations in Swingline Loans or Letters of Credit to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 58 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 
 Section 3.4. Several Obligations . 
 
 No Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by such other Lender hereunder, and the failure of any Lender to make a Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by it hereunder shall not relieve the obligation of any other Lender to make any Loan or to perform any other obligation to be made or performed by such other Lender. 
 
 Section 3.5. Fees . 
 
 (a) Closing Fee . On the Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and each Lender all loan fees as have been agreed to in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b) Facility Fees . During the period from the Effective Date to but excluding the Revolving Termination Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lenders an unused facility fee equal to the sum of the daily amount (the Unused Amount by which the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments exceeds the aggregate outstanding principal balance of Revolving Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities set forth in the table below multiplied by the corresponding per annum rate 
 
 Unused Amount Unused Fee (percent per annum) 
 Greater than or equal to 50.00 of the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments 0.25 Less than 50.00 of the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments 0.15 
 
 Such fee shall be computed on a daily basis and payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each January, April, July and October during the term of this Agreement and on the Revolving Termination Date or any earlier date of termination of the Revolving Commitments or reduction of the Revolving Commitments to zero. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating an unused facility fee, the outstanding principal balance of Swingline Loans shall not be factored into the computation. 

(c) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a letter of credit fee at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Loans times the daily average Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (x) to and including the date such Letter of Credit expires or is cancelled or terminated or (y) to but excluding the date such Letter of Credit is drawn in full provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while an Event of Default under Section 11.1.(a), 11.1.(e) or 11.1.(f) exists (and at the direction of the Requisite Lenders while any other Event of Default exists), such letter of credit fees shall accrue at the Post-Default Rate. In addition to 
 59 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

such fees, the Borrower shall pay to each Issuing Bank solely for its own account, a fronting fee in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank equal to either (I) a percentage of the face amount of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank payable at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit or (II) a per annum rate on the daily average Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (x) to and including the date such Letter of Credit expires or is cancelled or (y) to but excluding the date such Letter of Credit is drawn in full, as mutually agreed in writing between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank provided , however , in no event shall the aggregate amount of such fee in respect of any Letter of Credit be less than 1000. The fees provided for in this subsection shall be nonrefundable and payable, in the case of the fee provided for in the first sentence, in arrears (i) quarterly on the first day of January, April, July and October, (ii) on the Revolving Termination Date, (iii) on the date the Revolving Commitments are terminated or reduced to zero and (iv) thereafter from time to time on demand of the Administrative Agent and in the case of the fee provided for in the second sentence, at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower shall pay directly to each Issuing Bank from time to time on demand all commissions, charges, costs and expenses in the amounts customarily charged or incurred by such Issuing Bank from time to time in like circumstances with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank or any other transaction relating thereto. 
 
 (d) Revolving Credit Extension Fee . If the Borrower exercises its right to extend the Revolving Termination Date in accordance with Section 2.14., the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a fee equal to 0.125 of the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment (whether or not utilized) in effect on the effective date of each such extension. Such fee shall be due and payable in full on, and as a condition precedent to, the effective date of each such extension. 
 
 (e) Administrative and Other Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay the administrative and other fees of the Administrative Agent as provided in the Fee Letters and as may be otherwise agreed to in writing from time to time by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 3.6. Computations . 
 
 Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any accrued interest on any Loan, any Fees or any other Obligations due hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed. 
 
 Section 3.7. Usury . 
 
 In no event shall the amount of interest due or payable on the Loans or other Obligations exceed the maximum rate of interest allowed by Applicable Law and, if any such payment is paid by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or received by any Lender, then such excess sum shall be credited as a payment of principal, unless the Borrower shall notify the respective Lender in writing that the Borrower elects to have such excess sum returned to it forthwith. It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the Borrower not pay and the Lenders not receive, directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever, interest in excess of that which may be lawfully paid by the Borrower under Applicable Law. The parties hereto hereby agree and stipulate that the only charge imposed upon the Borrower for the use of money in connection with this Agreement is and shall be the interest specifically described in Section 2.6.(a)(i) through (iv) and, with respect to Swingline Loans, in Section 2.5.(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto further agree and stipulate that all agency fees, syndication fees, facility fees, closing fees, letter of credit fees, underwriting fees, default charges, late charges, funding or breakage charges, increased cost charges, attorneys fees and reimbursement for costs and expenses paid by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to third parties or for damages incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the 
 60 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

other Loan Documents, are charges made to compensate the Administrative Agent or any such Lender for underwriting or administrative services and costs or losses performed or incurred, and to be performed or incurred, by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Agreement and shall under no circumstances be deemed to be charges for the use of money. All charges other than charges for the use of money shall be fully earned and nonrefundable when due. 
 
 Section 3.8. Statements of Account . 
 
 The Administrative Agent will account to the Borrower monthly with a statement of Loans, accrued interest and Fees, charges and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such account rendered by the Administrative Agent shall be deemed conclusive upon the Borrower absent manifest error. The failure of the Administrative Agent to deliver such a statement of accounts shall not relieve or discharge the Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 3.9. Defaulting Lenders . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Revolving Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 
 (a) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Requisite Lenders and in Section 13.6. 
 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, Fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article XI. or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 13.3. shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder third , to Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with subsection (e) below fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with subsection (e) below sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender under Section 2.4.(j) in respect of Letters of Credit (such amounts L C Disbursements ), in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Article VI. were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, 
 61 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

and L C Disbursements owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L C Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swingline Loans are held by the Revolving Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages (determined without giving effect to the immediately following subsection (d)) and all Term Loans are held by the Term Loan Lenders pro rata as if there had been no Term Loan Lenders that are Defaulting Lenders. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents thereto. 
 
 (c) Certain Fees . 
 (i) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Fee payable under Section 3.5.(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (ii) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive the Fee payable under Section 3.5.(c) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Revolving Commitment Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to the immediately following subsection (e). 
 (iii) With respect to any Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to the immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii), the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letter of Credit Liabilities or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to the immediately following subsection (d), (y) pay to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank s or Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such Fee. 
 
 (d) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letter of Credit Liabilities and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages (determined without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment. Subject to Section 13.20., no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Revolving Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 
 (e) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans . 
 
 (i) If the reallocation described in the immediately preceding subsection (d) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in this subsection. 

62 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(ii) At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to the immediately preceding subsection (d) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the aggregate Fronting Exposures of each Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank and outstanding at such time. 
 
 (iii) The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks, and agree to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Liabilities, to be applied pursuant to the immediately following clause (iv). If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the aggregate Fronting Exposures of the Issuing Banks with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Liabilities (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 
 (v) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this subsection following (x) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Revolving Lender), or (y) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided that, subject to the immediately preceding subsection (b), the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable Issuing Bank may (but shall not be obligated to) agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations and provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 
 (f) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks agree in writing that a Revolving Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Revolving Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause, as applicable (i) the Revolving Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitment Percentages (determined without giving effect to the immediately preceding subsection (d)) and (ii) the Term Loans to be held by the Term Loan Lenders pro rata as if there had been no Term Loan Lenders that were Defaulting Lenders, whereupon such Revolving Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to Fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that, subject to Section 13.20., except 
 63 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Revolving Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Revolving Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 (g) New Swingline Loans Letters of Credit . So long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 
 (h) Purchase of Defaulting Lender s Commitment . During any period that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower may, by the Borrower giving written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, such Defaulting Lender and the other Lenders, demand that such Defaulting Lender assign its Commitment and Loans to an Eligible Assignee subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.5.(b). No party hereto shall have any obligation whatsoever to initiate any such replacement or to assist in finding an Eligible Assignee. In addition, any Lender who is not a Defaulting Lender may, but shall not be obligated, in its sole discretion, to acquire the face amount of all or a portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment and Loans via an assignment subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.5.(b). In connection with any such assignment, such Defaulting Lender shall promptly execute all documents reasonably requested to effect such assignment, including an appropriate Assignment and Assumption and, notwithstanding Section 13.5.(b), shall pay to the Administrative Agent an assignment fee in the amount of 7,500 provided that the failure or unwillingness of such Defaulting Lender to execute the Assignment and Assumption and other necessary documents shall not prevent or delay such assignment and the Assignment and Assumption and other necessary documents shall be automatically deemed to be fully authorized and executed by the Defaulting Lender if such Defaulting Lender does not promptly execute all documents reasonably requested to effect such assignment (and, if such Lender fails to deliver any Notes held by it, such Notes shall automatically be deemed cancelled and such Lender shall be required to indemnify the Borrower for any liabilities incurred by the Borrower by reason of the failure of such Lender to deliver such Notes). The exercise by the Borrower of its rights under this Section shall be at the Borrower s sole cost and expense and at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders. 
 
 Section 3.10. Taxes . 
 
 (a) Issuing Bank . For purposes of this Section, the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks and the term Applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or other applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 64 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower and the other Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower or another Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 13.5. relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subsection. The provisions of this subsection shall continue to inure to the benefit of an Administrative Agent following its resignation or removal as Administrative Agent. 
 
 (f) Evidence of Payments . Upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, as soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes (excluding for purposes of this Section 3.10.(f), taxes, assessments, fees and other charges paid by any Loan Party in the normal course of operating its development and asset management business such as, for example, real property and personal property ad valorem taxes, business licenses, sales tax, plat fees, zoning application fees, building permit fees and other municipal fees) by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Borrower or such other Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (g) Status of Lenders . 
 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in the immediately 
 65 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

following clauses (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person 
 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 
 (II) an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8ECI 
 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an electronic copy (or an original if requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable or 

66 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-2 or Exhibit K-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an electronic copy (or an original if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this subsection (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. 
 67 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 
 (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. Eligibility of Properties 
 Section 4.1. Eligibility of Properties . 
 
 (a) Initial Eligible Properties . The Properties identified on Schedule 7.1.(f) shall, on the Effective Date, be the initial Eligible Properties. 
 
 (b) Additional Eligible Properties . If after the Effective Date, the Borrower desires that the Lenders include any additional Property as an Eligible Property, the Borrower shall so notify the Administrative Agent in writing. No Property will be evaluated by the Lenders unless and until (x) such Property satisfies the criteria set forth in the definition of Eligible Property and (y) the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly make available to the Lenders) (i) the items reasonably and promptly requested by the Administrative Agent for the performance of its due diligence and (ii), prior to the Collateral Release Date, all deliveries with respect to the applicable Pledged Equity of the direct and indirect owners, in each case, with respect to such Property. 
 
 (c) Final Approval . Upon its receipt and review of the documents and information set forth in the preceding subsection (b), if the Administrative Agent shall recommend approval and acceptance of such Property as an Eligible Property, the Administrative Agent will so notify the Borrower and each Lender within five (5) Business Days after receipt and review of all of such documents and information. If after such review, the Administrative Agent is unwilling to recommend approval and acceptance of such Property as an Eligible Property, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders and the consideration by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of such Property shall cease. Within five (5) Business Days after the date on which a Lender has received all of the items referred to in the preceding subsection (b) and the Administrative Agent s recommendation of approval pursuant to this Section 4.1.(c), such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing whether or not such Lender accepts such Property as an Eligible Property. If a Lender fails to give such notice within such time period, such Lender shall be deemed to have approved such Property as an Eligible Property. Such Property shall become an Eligible Property subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions 
 
 (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received 
 
 68 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(e) approval of all of the Lenders whether in writing or by failure to provide notice of non-acceptance of such Property as an Eligible Property within the time period set forth in Section 4.1.(c) 
 (f) if such property is owned by a Subsidiary of the Parent that is not the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, all of the items required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 8.12.(a) if not previously delivered 
 (g) a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that the Borrower is in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered), in each case both immediately prior to and after giving effect to the addition of such Eligible Property, on a pro forma basis and 
 (h) such other items or documents as may be appropriate under the circumstances including, without limitation, the items (or, if applicable, updates to the items) set forth on required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.1.(b), each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
 (i) all other conditions reasonably required by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 4.2. Release of Eligible Properties . 
 (a) Borrower Requests for Property Removal . From time to time the Borrower may request, subject to the provisions of Section 8.12., upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent), that any Property (if then an Eligible Property) be removed from inclusion as an Eligible Property for purposes of this Agreement, which removal (the Property Removal shall be effective upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions 
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a pro forma Compliance Certificate, certifying, among other things, the Borrower is in compliance with the covenants contained in this Section 4.2.(a) and Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered), in each case on a pro forma basis both immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Property Removal, dated as of the date of the proposed Property Removal 
 (ii) No Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Property Removal 
 
 (iii) All representations and warranties in the Loan Documents are true and accurate in all material respects (except that, to the extent any representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) at the time of such Property Removal and immediately after giving effect to such Property Removal, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except that, to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and 
 
 (iv) At least 100 Properties shall be Eligible Properties at all times prior to the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 69 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(b) Ineligibility of Properties . A Property shall cease to be an Eligible Property if, at any time (i) such Property shall cease to meet the criteria set forth in the definition of Eligible Property, or (ii) prior to the Collateral Release Date, (x) the Administrative Agent shall cease to hold a valid and perfected first priority Lien in the Pledged Equity and other Collateral with respect such Property, or (y) there shall have occurred and be continuing a default (after giving effect to any applicable cure period) under any Security Document relating to such Pledged Equity and other Collateral with respect to such Property. 
 
 ARTICLE V. YIELD PROTECTION, ETC. 
 
 Section 5.1. Additional Costs Capital Adequacy . 
 
 (a) Capital Adequacy . If any Lender determines that any Regulatory Change affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity ratios or requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Regulatory Change (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time, within thirty (30) days after written demand by such Lender the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (b) Additional Costs . In addition to, and not in limitation of the immediately preceding subsection, the Borrower shall promptly, but in any event within ten (10) days of the written demand therefor, pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the account of a Lender from time to time such amounts as such Lender or the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to compensate the Administrative Agent or such Lender for any costs incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Lender that it determines are attributable to its making of, or maintaining, continuing or converting, any Loans or its obligation to make, maintain, continue or convert any Loans hereunder, any reduction in any amount receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in respect of any of such Loans or such obligation or the maintenance by such Lender or the Administrative Agent of capital or liquidity in respect of its Loans or its Commitments (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called Additional Costs ), resulting from any Regulatory Change that 
 
 (i) Subjects such Lender or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to any Taxes in respect of any of such Loans or its Commitments (other than Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and Connection Income Taxes) 
 
 (ii) imposes or modifies any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, liquidity insurance charge or similar requirements (other than Regulation D of the Board or other similar reserve requirement applicable to any other category of liabilities or category of extensions of credit or other assets by reference to which the interest rate on Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans is determined to the extent utilized when determining SOFR for such Loans) relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by such Lender (or its parent corporation), or any commitment of such Lender (including, without limitation, the Commitments of such Lender hereunder) or 
 
 70 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(iii) imposes on any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender or the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Lender s Suspension of Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans . Without limiting the effect of the provisions of the immediately preceding subsections (a) and (b), if by reason of any Regulatory Change, any Lender either (i) incurs Additional Costs based on or measured by the excess above a specified level of the amount of a category of deposits or other liabilities of such Lender that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of extensions of credit or other assets of such Lender that includes Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or (ii) becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of such a category of liabilities or assets that it may hold, then, if such Lender so elects by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans into, Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans hereunder shall be suspended until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 5.5. shall apply). 
 
 (d) Additional Costs in Respect of Letters of Credit . Without limiting the obligations of the Borrower under the preceding subsections of this Section (but without duplication), if as a result of any Regulatory Change or any risk-based capital guideline or other requirement heretofore or hereafter issued by any Governmental Authority there shall be imposed, modified or deemed applicable any Tax (other than Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and Connection Income Taxes), reserve, special deposit, capital adequacy, liquidity or similar requirement against or with respect to or measured by reference to Letters of Credit and the result shall be to increase the cost to any Issuing Bank of issuing (or any Lender of purchasing participations in) or maintaining its obligation hereunder to issue (or purchase participations in) any Letter of Credit or reduce any amount receivable by any Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder in respect of any Letter of Credit, then, upon demand by any Issuing Bank or such Lender, the Borrower shall pay immediately to the applicable Issuing Bank or, in the case of such Lender, to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Issuing Bank or such Lender, such additional amounts as shall be sufficient to compensate such Issuing Bank or such Lender for such increased costs or reductions in amount. 

(e) Notification and Determination of Additional Costs . Each of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, as the case may be, agrees to notify the Borrower (and in the case of any Issuing Bank and or a Lender, to notify the Administrative Agent) of any event occurring after the Agreement Date entitling the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender to compensation under any of the preceding subsections of this Section as promptly as practicable provided , however , that the failure of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to give such notice shall not release the Borrower from any of its obligations hereunder provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Regulatory Change giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Regulatory Change giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). The Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, as the case may be, agrees to furnish to the Borrower (and in the case of any Issuing Bank or a Lender to the Administrative Agent as well) a certificate setting forth the basis and amount of each request for compensation under this Section. Determinations by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, as the case may be, of the effect of any Regulatory Change shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay the Administrative Agent, any such 
 71 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Issuing Bank and or any such Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 
 Section 5.2. Changed Circumstances . 
 
 Subject to Section 5.9. hereof and anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if, on or prior to the determination of SOFR for any Interest Period 
 
 (a) Circumstances Affecting Benchmark Availability . Subject to clause (c) below, in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, or otherwise, if for any reason (i) the Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that reasonable and adequate means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, on or prior to the first day of such Interest Period or (ii) the Requisite Lenders shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining such Loans during such Interest Period, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan to or continue any Loan as a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods). Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of clauses (i) or (ii) above, or (y) Base Rate Loans if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of clauses (i) or (ii) above, in each case, in the amount specified therein and (B) any outstanding affected Term SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of clauses (i) or (ii) above, or (y) Base Rate Loans if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of clauses (i) or (ii) above, in each case, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or, in the case of any Daily SOFR Loan, immediately. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 5.4. 
 
 (b) Laws Affecting SOFR Availability . If, after the date hereof, the introduction of, or any change in, any Applicable Law or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any of the Lenders (or any of their respective Lending Offices) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, shall make it unlawful or impossible for any of the Lenders (or any of their respective Lending Offices) to honor its obligations hereunder to make or maintain any Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, such Lender shall promptly give notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders. Thereafter, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that such circumstances no longer exist, (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, as applicable, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan to a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan or continue any Loan as a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, as applicable, shall be suspended and (ii) if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall compute the Base Rate without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate , in each case until each such affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if 
 72 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, as applicable, to (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as SOFR and Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of illegality, or (y) Base Rate Loans if SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of illegality (in each case, if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall compute the Base Rate without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), in each case on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if all affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to such day. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 5.4. 

Section 5.3. Reserved . 

Section 5.4. Compensation . 
 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such amount or amounts as the Administrative Agent shall determine in its sole discretion shall be sufficient to compensate such Lender for any loss, cost or expense attributable to 
 
 (a) any payment or prepayment (whether mandatory or optional) of a Term SOFR Loan, or Conversion of a Term SOFR Loan, made by such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, acceleration or the exercise by the Borrower of its rights under Section 5.6.) on a date other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan or 
 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower for any reason (including, without limitation, the failure of any of the applicable conditions precedent specified in Section 6.2. to be satisfied) to borrow a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan from such Lender on the date for such borrowing, or to Convert a Base Rate Loan into a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, or to Convert a Daily SOFR Loan into a Term SOFR Loan, or Continue a Term SOFR Loan on the requested date of such Conversion or Continuation. 
 
 Not in limitation of the foregoing, such compensation shall include, without limitation, (i) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, an amount equal to the then present value of (A) the amount of interest that would have accrued on such Term SOFR Loan for the remainder of the Interest Period at the rate applicable to such Term SOFR Loan, less (B) the amount of interest that would accrue on the same Term SOFR Loan for the same period if SOFR were set on the date on which such Term SOFR Loan was repaid, prepaid or Converted or the date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, Convert or Continue such Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, calculating present value by using as a discount rate SOFR quoted on such date and (ii) in the case of a Daily SOFR Loan, the sum of such losses and expenses as the Lender who made such Daily SOFR Loan may reasonably incur by reason of such prepayment, including without limitation any losses or expenses incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties provided that in no event shall such compensation include any loss of anticipated profits. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. Upon the Borrower s request, the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower with a statement setting forth the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof. Any such statement shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 73 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 5.5. Treatment of Affected Loans . 
 
 (a) If the obligation of any Lender to make Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 5.1.(c) or Section 5.2. then such Lender s Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be automatically Converted into Base Rate Loans on such date of suspension with respect to any Daily SOFR Loans and on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of a Conversion required by Section 5.1.(c) or Section 5.2. on such earlier date as such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, may specify to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent, as applicable)) and, unless and until such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Section 5.1. and Section 5.2. that gave rise to such Conversion no longer exist 
 (i) to the extent that such Lender s Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans have been so Converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lender s Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans (or to its Daily SOFR Loans bearing interest at the converted rate) and 
 (ii) all Loans that would otherwise be made or Continued by such Lender as Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be made or Continued instead as (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of such unavailability or (y) Base Rate Loans if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of such unavailability, and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be Converted into Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans. 
 If such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent, as applicable) that the circumstances specified in Section 5.1.(c) or 5.2. that gave rise to the Conversion of such Lender s Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section no longer exist (which such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are outstanding, then such Lender s Base Rate Loans shall be automatically Converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, Types and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 
 The Lenders and Administrative Agent may elect, if commercially reasonable and if permitted by Applicable Law, to Convert the Loans which are subject to Conversion under this Article from Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans after the expiration of all Derivative Contracts of which Administrative Agent has received written notice and copies that may affect such Loans subject to Conversion in order to avoid any breakage fees or other costs or charges associated with a premature termination of such Derivatives Contracts. 
 
 Section 5.6. Affected Lenders . 
 
 If (a) a Lender requests compensation pursuant to Section 3.10. or 5.1., and the Requisite Lenders are not also doing the same or (b) the obligation of any Lender to make Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 5.1.(c) or 5.2.(b) but the obligation of the Requisite Lenders shall not have been suspended under such Sections, and in the case of clause (a) or (b) such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 5.7., or (c) a 
 74 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, so long as there does not then exist any Default or Event of Default, demand that such Lender (the Affected Lender ), and upon such demand such Affected Lender shall promptly, assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 13.5.(b)), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.10. or Section 5.1. and rights to indemnification under Section 13.9.) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that 
 (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 13.5.(b)(iv) 
 (ii) such Affected Lender shall have received payment of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Loans then owing to such Affected Lender, plus (y) the aggregate amount of payments previously made by such Affected Lender under Section 2.4.(j) and Section 2.5.(e) that have not been repaid, plus (z) any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and accrued but unpaid fees owing to such Affected Lender, or any other amount as may be mutually agreed upon by such Affected Lender and Eligible Assignee 
 (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 5.1. or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.10., such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 
 (iv) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law and 
 
 (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable consent, approval, amendment or waiver. 
 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Affected Lender shall reasonably cooperate in effectuating the replacement of such Affected Lender under this Section and the Affected Lender shall promptly execute all documents reasonably requested to surrender and transfer such interest to the purchaser or assignee thereof, including an appropriate Assignment and Assumption, but at no time shall the Administrative Agent, such Affected Lender nor any other Lender, Arranger, Syndication Agent or Co-Documentation Agent be obligated in any way whatsoever to initiate any such replacement or to assist in finding an Eligible Assignee. The exercise by the Borrower of its rights under this Section shall be at the Borrower s sole cost and expense and at no cost or expense to the Administrative Agent, the Affected Lender or any of the other Lenders. The terms of this Section shall not in any way limit the Borrower s obligation to pay to any Affected Lender compensation owing to such Affected Lender pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 3.10. or 6.1.) with respect to any period up to the date of replacement. 
 
 An Affected Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Affected Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 Section 5.7. Change of Lending Office . 
 
 If any Lender (i) requests compensation under Section 5.1., (ii) requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.10. or (iii) determines pursuant to Section 5.2.(b) that it is unlawful for such Lender to make Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans hereunder, then such Lender shall (at the 
 75 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

written request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.10. or Section 5.1. or avoid such illegality pursuant to Section 5.2.(b), as the case may be, in the future, and (b) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 
 Section 5.8. Assumptions Concerning Funding of Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans . 
 
 Calculation of all amounts payable to a Lender under this Article shall be made as though such Lender had actually funded Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans through the purchase of deposits in the relevant market bearing interest at the rate applicable to such Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans in an amount equal to the amount of such Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans and having a maturity comparable to the relevant Interest Period provided , however , that each Lender may fund each of its Term SOFR Loans and Daily SOFR Loans in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumption shall be used only for calculation of amounts payable under this Article. 
 
 Section 5.9. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 
 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement . 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Requisite Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 5.9. will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 (ii) No Derivatives Contracts shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 5.9. 
 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 5.9.(d). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any 
 76 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 5.9., including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 5.9. 
 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the IOSCO Principles, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the IOSCO Principles for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of such unavailability or (y) Base Rate Loans if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of such unavailability and (ii) any outstanding affected Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to (x) Daily SOFR Loans so long as Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of such unavailability or (y) Base Rate Loans if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of such unavailability, in each case, at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 
 ARTICLE VI. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 Section 6.1. Initial Conditions Precedent . 
 
 The obligation of the Lenders to effect or permit the occurrence of the first Credit Event hereunder, whether as the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 
 77 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(i) counterparts of this Agreement executed by each of the parties hereto 
 
 (ii) Revolving Notes and Term Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to each applicable Lender that has requested that it receive Notes and the Swingline Note executed by the Borrower payable to the Swingline Lender to the extent that it has requested that it receive Notes, and, in each case, complying with the terms of Section 2.12.(a) 
 
 (iii) the Guaranty executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Parent and each other Required Guarantor 
 
 (iv) (i) the Pledge Agreement, executed by each of the Parent, General Partner, Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto from time to time and (ii) each other Security Document, executed by the parties thereto 
 
 (v) an opinion letter of Winston & Strawn LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (vi) the certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, articles of organization, certificate of limited partnership, declaration of trust or other comparable organizational instrument (if any) of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of formation of such Loan Party 
 
 (vii) a certificate of good standing (or certificate of similar meaning) with respect to each Loan Party issued as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of formation of each such Loan Party and certificates of qualification to transact business or other comparable certificates issued as of a recent date by each Secretary of State (and any state department of taxation, as applicable) of each state in which such Loan Party is required to be so qualified and where failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (viii) a certificate of incumbency signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar functions) of each Loan Party with respect to each of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, and in the case of the Borrower, authorized to execute and deliver on behalf of the Borrower Notices of Borrowing, Notices of Swingline Borrowing, requests for Letters of Credit, Notices of Conversion and Notices of Continuation 
 
 (ix) copies certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or other individual performing similar functions) of each Loan Party of (A) the by-laws of such Loan Party, if a corporation, the operating agreement, if a limited liability company, the partnership agreement, if a limited or general partnership, or other comparable document in the case of any other form of legal entity and (B) all corporate, partnership, member or other necessary action taken by such Loan Party to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party 
 
 (x) original stock certificates or other certificates evidencing the certificated Equity Interests, as applicable, pledged pursuant to the Security Documents, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate duly executed in blank by the registered owner thereof 
 
 78 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(xi) evidence of property, business interruption and liability insurance covering each Eligible Property, evidence of payment of all insurance premiums for the current policy year of each policy (with appropriate endorsements naming the Administrative Agent as lender s loss payee on all policies for property hazard insurance and as additional insured on all policies for liability insurance), in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and if requested by the Administrative Agent, copies of such insurance policies 
 (xii) any other documents reasonably requested thereby or as required by the terms of the Security Documents to perfect or evidence its security interest in the Collateral 
 (xiii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1.(b) through (e) and Section 6.2. have been satisfied 
 (xiv) a Compliance Certificate calculated on a pro forma basis for the Borrower s fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2019 
 (xv) a Disbursement Instruction Agreement effective as of the Agreement Date 
 (xvi) evidence that all indebtedness, liabilities or obligations owing by the Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Facilities shall have been paid in full and all Liens securing such indebtedness, liabilities or other obligations have been released 
 (xvii) evidence that the Fees, if any, then due and payable under Section 3.5., together with all other fees, expenses and reimbursement amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and any of the Lenders, including without limitation, the fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, have been paid 
 (xviii) copies of all Specified Derivatives Contracts in existence on the Agreement Date and 
 (xix) such other documents, agreements and instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request 
 (b) there shall not have occurred or become known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders any event, condition, situation or status since the date of the information contained in the financial and business projections, budgets, pro forma data and forecasts concerning the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Agreement Date that has had or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) no litigation, action, suit, investigation or other arbitral, administrative or judicial proceeding shall be pending or threatened which could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) restrain or enjoin, impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect, the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party 
 
 (d) the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries shall have received all approvals, consents and waivers, and shall have made or given all necessary filings and notices as shall be required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby without the occurrence of any default under, conflict with or violation of (i) any Applicable Law or (ii) any agreement, document or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of them or their respective properties is bound, except for such approvals, consents, waivers, filings and notices the receipt, making or giving of which could not reasonably be likely to (A) have a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) restrain or enjoin or impose materially burdensome conditions on, or otherwise materially and adversely affect the ability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party 
 
 79 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(e) the offering of the Equity Interests of the Parent, pursuant to an offering memorandum substantially similar to the draft thereof previously provided to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, prior to the date hereof (the Equity Offering ), shall have been completed on terms and conditions acceptable to the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, the Parent s receipt of gross cash proceeds of the Equity Offering in an aggregate amount not less than 175 million, and the capital structure and corporate structure of the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (f) the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall have provided all information requested by the Administrative Agent and each Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and 
 
 (g) each Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, and any Lender requesting the same, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, in each case at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 Section 6.2. Conditions Precedent to All Loans and Letters of Credit . 
 
 In addition to satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent contained in Section 6.1., the obligations of (i) the Lenders to make any Loans and (ii) the Issuing Banks to issue, extend or increase any Letters of Credit are each subject to the further conditions precedent that (a) no Default or Event of Default shall exist as of the date of the making of such Loan or date of issuance, extension or increase of such Letter of Credit or would exist immediately after giving effect thereto, and no violation of the limits described in Section 2.16. would occur after giving effect thereto (b) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the making of such Loan or date of issuance, extension or increase of such Letter of Credit with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and (c) in the case of the borrowing of Revolving Loans, the Administrative Agent shall have received a timely Notice of Borrowing, in the case of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender shall have received a timely Notice of Swingline Borrowing, and in the case of the issuance, extension or increase of a Letter of Credit the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a timely request for the issuance, extension or increase of such Letter of Credit. Each Credit Event shall constitute a certification by the Borrower to the effect set forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of notice relating to such Credit Event and, unless the Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date of such Credit Event, as of the date of the occurrence of such Credit Event). In addition, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at the time any Loan is made or any Letter of Credit is issued, extended or increased that all conditions to the making of such Loan or issuing, extending or increasing of such Letter of Credit contained in this Article VI. have been satisfied. Unless set forth in writing to the contrary, the making of its initial Loan by a Lender shall constitute a certification by such Lender to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the conditions precedent for initial Loans set forth in Sections 6.1. and 6.2. that have not previously been waived by the Lenders in accordance with the terms of this Agreement have been satisfied. 
 
 ARTICLE VII. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 80 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 7.1. Representations and Warranties . 
 
 In order to induce the Administrative Agent and each Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans and, in the case of the Issuing Banks, to issue Letters of Credit, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and each Lender as follows 
 (a) Organization Power Qualification . Each of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, has the power and authority to own or lease its respective properties and to carry on its respective business as now being and hereafter proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, partnership or other legal entity, and authorized to do business, in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification or authorization and where the failure to be so qualified or authorized could reasonably be expected to have, in each instance, a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Parent is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 (b) Ownership Structure . Part I of Schedule 7.1.(b) is, as of the Agreement Date, a complete and correct list of all Subsidiaries of the Parent setting forth for each such Subsidiary, (i) the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary, (ii) each Person holding any Equity Interest in such Subsidiary, (iii) the nature of the Equity Interests held by each such Person, (iv) the percentage of ownership of such Subsidiary represented by such Equity Interests and (v) whether such Person is the Parent, the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor. As of the Agreement Date, except as disclosed in such Schedule, (A) each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens of the types described in clauses (a) and (f) of the definition of Permitted Liens or, solely with respect to any Subsidiary that is an obligor in respect of any Nonrecourse Indebtedness, a Lien in favor of the holder of such Nonrecourse Indebtedness to secure the obligations thereunder), and has the unencumbered right to vote, all outstanding Equity Interests in each Person shown to be held by it on such Schedule, (B) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Person organized as a corporation is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and (C) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, commitments, preemptive rights or agreements of any kind (including, without limitation, any stockholders or voting trust agreements) for the issuance, sale, registration or voting of, or outstanding securities convertible into, any additional shares of capital stock of any class, or partnership or other Equity Interests of any type in, any such Person. As of the Agreement Date, Part II of Schedule 7.1.(b) correctly sets forth all Unconsolidated Affiliates of the Parent, including the correct legal name of such Person, the type of legal entity which each such Person is, and all Equity Interests in such Person held directly or indirectly by the Parent. 
 
 (c) Authorization of Loan Documents and Borrowings . The Borrower has the right and power, and has taken all necessary action to authorize it, to borrow and obtain other extensions of credit hereunder. The Borrower and each other Loan Party has the right and power, and has taken all necessary action to authorize it, to execute, deliver and perform each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party in accordance with their respective terms and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Loan Documents to which the Borrower or any other Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of such Person and each is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with its respective terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies for the enforcement of certain obligations (other than the payment of principal) contained herein or therein and as may be limited by equitable principles generally. 
 
 (d) Compliance of Loan Documents with Laws . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which any Loan Party is a party in accordance with their 
 81 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

respective terms and the borrowings and other extensions of credit hereunder do not and will not, by the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both (i) require any Governmental Approval or violate any Applicable Law (including all Environmental Laws) relating to the Borrower or any other Loan Party (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under the organizational documents of any Loan Party, or any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower or any other Loan Party is a party or by which it or any of its respective properties may be bound or (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party other than in favor of the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the other Lender Parties. 
 
 (e) Compliance with Law Governmental Approvals . Each of the Parent, Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries is in compliance with each Governmental Approval and all other Applicable Laws relating to it except for noncompliances which, and Governmental Approvals the failure to possess which, could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause a Default or Event of Default or have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) Title to Properties Liens . Part I of Schedule 7.1.(f) is, as of the Agreement Date, a complete and correct listing of all real estate assets of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, setting forth, for each such Property, whether such property is an Eligible Property or whether such Property is a Development Property. Each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party has good, marketable and legal title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, each Property and any other asset included in the calculation of Total Asset Value. No Eligible Property is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens and Liens set forth on Part II of Schedule 7.1(f). 
 
 (g) Existing Indebtedness . Schedule 7.1.(g) is, as of the Agreement Date, a complete and correct listing of all Indebtedness of each of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries, and if such Indebtedness is secured by any Lien, a description of all of the property subject to such Lien. As of the Agreement Date, the Parent, Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries have performed and are in compliance with all of the terms of such Indebtedness and all instruments and agreements relating thereto, and no default or event of default, or event or condition which with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default or event of default, exists with respect to any such Indebtedness. 
 
 (h) Litigation . Except as set forth on Schedule 7.1.(h), there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending (or, to the actual knowledge of any Loan Party, are there any actions, suits or proceedings threatened, nor is there any basis therefor) against or in any other way relating adversely to or affecting the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or any of their respective property in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any other Governmental Authority which, (i) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (i) Taxes . All federal, state and other tax returns of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary required by Applicable Law to be filed have been duly filed, and all federal, state and other taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies upon, each Loan Party, each other Subsidiary and their respective properties, income, profits and assets which are due and payable thereunder have been paid, except any such nonpayment or non-filing which (a) with respect to Taxes that are being contested by appropriate proceedings and appropriate reserves have been taken in accordance with GAAP or (b) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Agreement Date, none of the United States income tax returns of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is under audit. All charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower, the Parent, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 82 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(j) Financial Statements . The Borrower has furnished to each Lender copies of (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018, and the related audited consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended on such dates, with the opinion thereon of KPMG LLP, and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2019 and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the one fiscal quarter period ended on such date. Such financial statements (including in each case related schedules and notes) are complete and correct in all material respects and present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at their respective dates and the results of operations and the cash flows for such periods (subject, as to interim statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end audit adjustments). Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has on the Agreement Date any material contingent liabilities, liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual or long-term commitments or unrealized or forward anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments that would be required to be set forth in its financial statements or notes thereto, except as referred to or reflected or provided for in said financial statements. Each of the operating summaries pertaining to each of the Eligible Properties delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent fairly presents the Net Operating Income of each such Property for the period then ended. 
 
 (k) No Material Adverse Change . Since December 31, 2018, there has been no event, change, circumstance or occurrence that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each of (i) the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (ii) the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, are is Solvent. 
 
 (l) Reserved . 
 
 (m) ERISA . 
 
 (i) Each Benefit Arrangement is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and other Applicable Laws in all material respects. Except with respect to Multiemployer Plans, each Qualified Plan (A) has received a favorable determination from the Internal Revenue Service applicable to such Qualified Plan s current remedial amendment cycle (as defined in Revenue Procedure 2007-44 or 2007-44 for short), (B) has timely filed for a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service during its staggered remedial amendment cycle (as defined in 2007-44) and such application is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service, (C) had filed for a determination letter prior to its GUST remedial amendment period (as defined in 2007-44) and received such determination letter and the staggered remedial amendment cycle first following the GUST remedial amendment period for such Qualified Plan has not yet expired, or (D) is maintained under a prototype plan and may rely upon a favorable opinion letter issued by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such prototype plan. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would cause the loss of its reliance on each Qualified Plan s favorable determination letter or opinion letter. 
 
 (ii) With respect to any Benefit Arrangement that is a retiree welfare benefit arrangement, all amounts have been accrued on the applicable ERISA Group s financial statements in accordance with FASB ASC 715. The benefit obligation of all Plans does not exceed the fair market value of plan assets for such Plans by more than 10,000,000 all as determined by and with such terms defined in accordance with FASB ASC 715. 

83 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(iii) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is expected to occur (ii) there are no pending, or to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, claims, actions or lawsuits or other action by any Governmental Authority, plan participant or beneficiary with respect to a Benefit Arrangement (iii) there are no violations of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Benefit Arrangement (iv) no member of the ERISA Group has engaged in a non-exempt prohibited transaction, as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, in connection with any Plan, that would subject any member of the ERISA Group to a tax on prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502(i) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code and (v) no assessment or tax has arisen under Section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 (iv) As of the Effective Date, the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments. 
 
 (n) Absence of Default . None of the Loan Parties or any of the other Subsidiaries is in default under its certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, bylaws, partnership agreement or other similar organizational documents, and no event has occurred, which has not been remedied, cured or waived (i) which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) which constitutes, or which with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute, a default or event of default by, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary under any agreement (other than this Agreement) or judgment, decree or order to which any such Person is a party or by which any such Person or any of its respective properties may be bound where such default or event of default could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (o) Environmental Laws . Except as set forth in Schedule 7.1(o), each of the Borrower, each other Loan Party and the other Subsidiaries (i) is in compliance with all Environmental Laws applicable to its business, operations and the Properties, (ii) has obtained all Governmental Approvals which are required under Environmental Laws for its business and operations, and each such Governmental Approval is in full force and effect, and (iii) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of such Governmental Approvals, where with respect to each of the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (iii) the failure to obtain or to comply with could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Except for any of the following matters that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party has any knowledge of, or has received written notice of, any past, present, or pending releases, events, conditions, circumstances, activities, practices, incidents, facts, occurrences, actions, or plans that, with respect to any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, their respective businesses, operations or with respect to the Properties, is reasonably likely to (x) cause or contribute to an actual violation of or noncompliance with Environmental Laws, (y) cause or contribute to any other common law or legal claim or other liability, or (z) cause any of the Properties to become subject to any restrictions on ownership, occupancy, use or transferability under any Environmental Law or require the filing or recording of any notice, approval or disclosure document under any Environmental Law and, with respect to the immediately preceding clauses (x) through (z) is based on or related to the on-site or off-site manufacture, generation, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, removal clean up or handling, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened release of any wastes or Hazardous Material, or any other requirement under Environmental Law. There is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened, against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary relating in any way to Environmental Laws which, reasonably could be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the Borrower s knowledge, none of the Properties is listed on or proposed for listing on the National Priorities List promulgated pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and its implementing regulations, except as could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Borrower s knowledge, no Hazardous Materials generated at or transported from the Properties by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary are or have been transported to, or disposed of at, 
 84 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

any location that is listed or proposed for listing on the National Priority List or any analogous state or local priority list, or any other location that is or has been the subject of a clean-up, removal or remedial action pursuant to any Environmental Law, except to the extent that such transportation or disposal could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (p) Investment Company . None of the Borrower or any other Loan Party is (i) an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or (ii) subject to any other Applicable Law which purports to regulate or restrict its ability to borrow money or obtain other extensions of credit or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 
 (q) Margin Stock . None of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 (r) Affiliate Transactions . Except as permitted by Section 10.9. or as otherwise set forth on Schedule 7.1.(r), none of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any agreement or arrangement with any Affiliate. 
 
 (s) Intellectual Property . Each of the Loan Parties and each other Subsidiary owns or has the right to use, under valid license agreements or otherwise, all patents, licenses, franchises, trademarks, trademark rights, service marks, service mark rights, trade names, trade name rights, trade secrets and copyrights (collectively, Intellectual Property necessary to the conduct of its businesses, without known conflict with any patent, license, franchise, trademark, trademark right, service mark, service mark right, trade secret, trade name, copyright, or other proprietary right of any other Person. All such Intellectual Property is fully protected and or duly and properly registered, filed or issued in the appropriate office and jurisdictions for such registrations, filing or issuances. No material claim has been asserted by any Person with respect to the use of any such Intellectual Property by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, or challenging or questioning the validity or effectiveness of any such Intellectual Property. The use of such Intellectual Property by the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person, subject to such claims and infringements as do not, in the aggregate, give rise to any liabilities on the part of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (t) Business . As of the Agreement Date, the Parent, Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries are engaged in the business of the ownership, development and management of retail or reasonably similar Property, together with other business activities incidental thereto. 
 
 (u) Broker s Fees . No broker s or finder s fee, commission or similar compensation will be payable with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No other similar fees or commissions will be payable by any Loan Party for any other services rendered to the Parent, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary ancillary to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (v) Accuracy and Completeness of Information . All written information, reports and other papers and data (other than financial projections and other forward looking statements and information of a general economic or industry specific nature) furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by, on behalf of, or at the direction of, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary were, at the time the same were so furnished, complete and correct in all material respects, to the extent necessary to 
 85 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

give the recipient a true and accurate knowledge of the subject matter, or, in the case of financial statements, present fairly, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved, the financial position of the Persons involved as at the date thereof and the results of operations for such periods (subject, as to interim statements, to changes resulting from normal year end audit adjustments and absence of full footnote disclosure). All financial projections and other forward looking statements prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary that have been or may hereafter be made available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender were or will be prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made available. No fact is known to any Loan Party which has had, or may in the future have (so far as any Loan Party can reasonably foresee), a Material Adverse Effect which has not been set forth in the financial statements referred to in Section 7.1.(j) or in such information, reports or other papers or data or otherwise disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. No document furnished or written statement made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation, preparation or execution of, or pursuant to, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading. As of the Effective Date, all of the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct. 
 
 (w) Not Plan Assets No Prohibited Transactions . None of the assets of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary constitutes plan assets within the meaning of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the respective regulations promulgated thereunder. Assuming that no Lender funds (initially or through participation, assignment, transfer or securitization) any amount payable by it hereunder with plan assets, as that term is defined in 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the extensions of credit and repayment of amounts hereunder, do not and will not constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 (x) Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions . 
 
 (i) None of (i) the Parent, the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, officers, or, to the knowledge of the Parent, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, any of their respective employees or (ii) to the knowledge of the Parent, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, any agent or representative of the Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement, (A) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (B) is controlled by or is acting on behalf of a Sanctioned Person, or (C) has its assets located in a Sanctioned Country. 
 
 (ii) Each of the Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Parent or the Borrower and each director, officer, and to the knowledge of the Parent, the Borrower, employee, agent of Borrower and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws in all material respects and applicable Sanctions. The Parent has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with the Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 
 (iii) No proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit have been used, directly or indirectly, by the Parent, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents in violation of Section 8.8. 
 
 (y) Unencumbered Asset Value Properties . 
 
 86 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(i) Each Property included in calculations of the Unencumbered Asset Value satisfies all of the requirements contained in the definition of Eligible Property . 
 
 (ii) At all times at least 100 Eligible Properties are used in the calculation of the Unencumbered Asset Value. 
 (iii) To each Loan Party s knowledge, the Eligible Properties comply in all material respects with the requirements and regulations of the Americans with Disabilities Act, of July 26, 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-336, 104 Stat. 327, 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq. 
 (z) Insurance . The Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause each other Loan Party to maintain, insurance as required pursuant to Section 8.5. 
 (aa) REIT Status . The Parent (i) at all times operates its business in a manner not to prevent it from qualifying for status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) from and after the date that the Parent s election to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code is effective, the Parent qualifies as, and has elected to be treated as, a REIT and is in compliance with all requirements and conditions imposed under the Internal Revenue Code to allow the Parent to maintain its status as a REIT. 
 (bb) Legal Restrictions on Ability to Borrow . Neither the Parent nor any Loan Party is subject to any Applicable Law which purports to regulate or restrict its ability to borrow money or obtain other extensions of credit or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 (cc) Security Interests . Each of the Security Documents creates, as security for the Guaranteed Obligations, a valid and enforceable Lien on all of the Collateral, superior to and prior to the rights of all third Persons and subject to no other Liens, in favor of the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the other Lender Parties. 
 Section 7.2. Survival of Representations and Warranties, Etc. 
 All representations and warranties made under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to be made at and as of the Agreement Date, the Effective Date, the date on which any extension of the Revolving Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date is effectuated pursuant to Section 2.14., the date on which any increase of the Revolving Commitments is effectuated pursuant to Section 2.17. and at and as of the date of the occurrence of each Credit Event, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date). All such representations and warranties shall survive the effectiveness of this Agreement, the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower shall comply with the following covenants 
 
 Section 8.1. Preservation of Existence and Similar Matters . 
 
 Except as otherwise contemplated under Section 8.15., with respect to EBA EverSTAR Management, LLC, and permitted under Section 10.4., the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other 
 87 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, (a) preserve and maintain its respective existence in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, (b) preserve and maintain its respective rights, franchises, licenses and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and (c) qualify and remain qualified and authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification and authorization except in the case of clauses (a) (solely with respect to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties), (b) and (c), to the extent that the failure to be so authorized and qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 8.2. Compliance with Applicable Law . 
 
 The Parent and the Borrower shall comply, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to comply, and the Parent and the Borrower shall use, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to use, commercially reasonable efforts to cause all other Persons occupying, using or present on the Properties to comply, with all Applicable Law, including the obtaining of all Governmental Approvals, the failure with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent and the Borrower shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects by the Parent, the Borrower, their Subsidiaries, their respective directors, officers, employees, Affiliates and agents and representatives of the Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from this Agreement. 
 
 Section 8.3. Maintenance of Property . 
 
 In addition to the requirements of any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, (a) protect and preserve in all material respects all of its respective material properties, including, but not limited to, all Intellectual Property necessary to the conduct of its respective business, and in all material respects maintain in good repair, working order and condition all tangible properties, ordinary wear and tear excepted and (b) from time to time make or cause to be made all necessary repairs and replacements to such Properties, so that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times. 
 
 Section 8.4. Conduct of Business . 
 
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, carry on its respective businesses as described in Section 7.1.(t). 
 
 Section 8.5. Insurance . 
 
 In addition to the requirements of any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, maintain insurance (on a replacement cost basis) with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against such risks and in such amounts as is customarily maintained by Persons engaged in similar businesses or as may be required by Applicable Law. The Borrower shall from time to time deliver to the Administrative Agent upon request a detailed list, together with customary certificates of insurance describing the policies then in effect. 
 
 Section 8.6. Payment of Taxes and Claims . 
 
 88 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary (and or applicable tenant with respect to an applicable Property) to, pay and discharge when due and payable (a) all federal, state or other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it, and (b) all lawful claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen and landlords for labor, materials, supplies and rentals which, if unpaid, might become a Lien (except for a Permitted Lien) on any properties of such Person provided , however , that this Section shall not require the payment or discharge of any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim which (x) is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been taken in accordance with GAAP or (y) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 8.7. Books and Records Inspections . 
 
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of their respective books and records and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers, employees and independent public accountants (in the presence of an officer of the Borrower if an Event of Default does not then exist), all at such reasonable times during business and, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, with reasonable prior notice. The Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for their costs and expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of their rights under this Section only if such exercise occurs while a Default or Event of Default exists. The Borrower hereby authorizes and instructs its accountants to discuss the financial affairs of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary with the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender. 
 
 Section 8.8. Use of Proceeds . 
 
 The Borrower will use the proceeds of Loans only (a) for the payment of pre-development and development costs incurred in connection with Properties owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (b) to finance acquisitions otherwise permitted under this Agreement (other than Hostile Acquisitions) (c) to finance capital expenditures and the repayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (d) to make Restricted Payments otherwise permitted under this Agreement and (e) to provide for the general working capital needs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including the making of Investments and asset purchases and payment of Restricted Payments, in each case to the extent permitted under this Agreement). The Borrower shall only use Letters of Credit for the same purposes for which it may use the proceeds of Loans. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, use any part of such proceeds to purchase or carry, or to reduce or retire or refinance any credit incurred to purchase or carry, any margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock. The Borrower will not request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that the Parent and its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 89 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 8.9. Environmental Matters . 
 
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, comply with all Environmental Laws the failure with which to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall comply, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to comply, and the Borrower shall use, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to use, commercially reasonable efforts to cause all other Persons occupying, using or present on the Properties to comply, with all Environmental Laws, except for the failure to comply that could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary, to promptly take all actions and pay or arrange to pay all costs necessary for it and for the Properties to comply with all Environmental Laws and all Governmental Approvals, except for the failure to take all actions and pay or arrange that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, take all actions to remove and dispose of all Hazardous Materials and to clean up the Properties to the extent required by Borrower, each other Loan Party or each other Subsidiary under Environmental Laws, except for the failure to take all actions that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, promptly take all actions necessary to prevent the imposition of any Liens on any of their respective properties arising out of any Environmental Laws, except in each case for such Liens that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing in this Section shall impose any obligation or liability whatsoever on the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 
 Section 8.10. Further Assurances . 
 
 (a) At the Borrower s cost and expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and each other Subsidiary to, duly execute and deliver or cause to be duly executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such further instruments, documents and certificates, and do and cause to be done such further acts that may be reasonably necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents provided, however, that, except as may be expressly required pursuant to the terms of any Loan Agreement, neither Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall be obligated to deliver any instrument, document or certificate which expands such Person s liability or reduces such Person s rights hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will (i) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of (x) the creation or acquisition (including by division) of a Person that becomes a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and (y) any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary failing to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary, and (ii) at all times prior to the occurrence of the Collateral Release Date, cause all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower owned directly or indirectly by the Parent and all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each direct and indirect owner of any Eligible Property to be subject to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the Guaranteed Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreement and the other Security Documents (or such other pledge and security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request) and deliver such opinions, documents and certificates in connection therewith as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (b) If at any time the Collateral Release Requirements are satisfied, the Administrative Agent shall release all of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Documents on a date the Borrower requests, (such date, the Collateral Release Date if the Administrative Agent receives a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that is a financial officer of the Borrower, 10 Business Days prior to the Collateral Release Date, (i) requesting such release and (ii) certifying that (w) 
 90 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

the Collateral Release Requirements have been met, (x) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Parent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that, to the extent any representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Collateral Release Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except that, to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date), (y) each of the Properties included in the determination of the Collateral Release Requirements are Eligible Properties and (z) no Default or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur on the Collateral Release Date, as a result of such release, including, without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a violation of any of the covenants contained in Section 10.1. (as evidenced by a Compliance Certificate showing calculation in reasonable detail of such covenants on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such release). Upon the release of any Liens pursuant to this Section 8.10.(b), the Administrative Agent shall (to the extent applicable) deliver to the Borrower, upon the Borrower s request and at the Borrower s sole cost and expense, such documentation as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise necessary or advisable to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Documents. 
 
 Section 8.11. Compliance with ERISA . 
 
 In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 8.2., (a) except where the failure to so comply could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) comply with applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to all Benefit Plans, (ii) not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to the PBGC or to a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) not participate in any prohibited transaction that could result in any civil penalty under ERISA or tax under the Internal Revenue Code and (iv) operate each Benefit Plan in such a manner that will not incur any tax liability under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code or any liability to any qualified beneficiary as defined in Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code and (b) furnish to the Administrative Agent upon the Administrative Agent s request such additional information about any Employee Benefit Plan as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 

Section 8.12. Guarantors . 
 
 (a) Within fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of any Person becoming a Required Guarantor, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent each of the following in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (A)(i) with respect to any owner of the Equity Interests of the Borrower, a joinder or amendment to the Parent Guaranty to unconditionally guaranty the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder in their entirety, and (ii) with respect to any such Subsidiary an Accession Agreement executed by such Required Guarantor, (B) the items that would have been delivered under subsections (vi) through (xiii) of Section 6.1.(a) and under Section 6.1.(f) if such Person had been a Required Guarantor on the Agreement Date and (C) prior to the Collateral Release Date, an executed Pledge Joinder Agreement provided , however , promptly (and in any event within fifteen (15) Business Days) upon any Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be subject to the restriction which prevented it from becoming a Guarantor on the Effective Date or delivering an Accession Agreement pursuant to this Section, as the case may be, such Subsidiary shall comply with the applicable provisions of this Section. 
 
 (b) The Borrower may request in writing that the Administrative Agent release, and upon receipt of such request the Administrative Agent shall release any Guarantor that is no longer a Required Guarantor, 
 91 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

so long as (i) the Borrower shall certify in writing that no Default or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur as a result of such release, including without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a violation of any of the covenants contained in Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) (as evidenced by a Compliance Certificate showing calculation in reasonable detail of such covenants on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such release) (ii) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such release with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received such written request at least ten (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior to the requested date of release and (iv) at least 100 Properties shall be Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value after giving effect to such release. Delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of any such request shall constitute a representation by the Borrower that the matters set forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of such request and as of the date of the effectiveness of such request) are true and correct with respect to such request. 
 
 (c) The Borrower may request in writing that the Administrative Agent release, and upon receipt of such request the Administrative Agent shall release, a Subsidiary Guarantor from the Pledge Agreement so long as (i) such Subsidiary Guarantor owns no Eligible Property, nor any direct Equity Interest in any Subsidiary that owns an Eligible Property (ii) such Subsidiary Guarantor is not otherwise required to be a party to the Pledge Agreement under the immediately preceding subsection (a), (iii) no Default or Event of Default shall then be in existence or would occur as a result of such release, including, without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a violation of any of the covenants contained in Section 10.1. (as evidenced by a Compliance Certificate showing calculation in reasonable detail of such covenants on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such release) (iv) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Parent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party in the Loan Documents to which any of them is a party, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that, to the extent any representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such release with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except that, to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar language, such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) (v) the Administrative Agent shall have received such written request at least ten (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior to the requested date of release and (vi) at least 75 Properties shall be Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value after giving effect to such release. Delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of any such request shall constitute a representation by the Borrower that the matters set forth in the preceding sentence (both as of the date of the giving of such request and as of the date of the effectiveness of such request) are true and correct with respect to such request. 
 
 92 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 8.13. Anti-Corruption Laws Beneficial Ownership Regulation . 
 
 The Parent and the Borrower will promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, any information or documentation requested by it for purposes of complying with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Section 8.14. REIT Status . 
 
 The Parent shall operate its business in a manner not to prevent it from qualifying for status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and, from and after the date that the Parent s election to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code is effective, the Parent shall maintain its status as, and election to be treated as, a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code provided that, the Parent shall elect to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code commencing with its 2019 taxable year. 
 Section 8.15. Post-Closing Matters . 
 The Parent and the Borrower shall, within fifteen (15) Business Days of the Agreement Date (or such longer period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) Evidence from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of the re-domicile of EBA EverSTAR Management, LLC in the State of Delaware 
 (b) Evidence from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of the name-change of EBA EverSTAR Management, LLC to NetSTREIT Management, LLC 
 (c) An opinion letter of Winston & Strawn LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with regards to NetSTREIT Management, LLC and 
 (d) A reaffirmation agreement executed by NetSTREIT Management, LLC, agreeing among other things, to reaffirm its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is party. 
 ARTICLE IX. INFORMATION 
 For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each of the Lenders 
 Section 9.1. Quarterly Financial Statements . 
 No later than (a) 60 days after the end of the fiscal quarters of the Parent ending March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020 and (b) 45 days after the end of each of the first, second and third fiscal quarters of the Parent, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2020, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such period and the related unaudited consolidated income statements and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding periods of the previous fiscal year, all of which shall be certified by the Responsible Officer of the Borrower, in his or her opinion, to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP and in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as 
 93 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

at the date thereof and the results of operations for such period (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 
 Section 9.2. Year-End Statements . 
 No later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related audited consolidated income statement and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form the figures as at the end of and for the previous fiscal year, all of which shall be (a) certified by the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Borrower, in his or her opinion, to present fairly, in accordance with GAAP and in all material respects, the financial position of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and the result of operations for such period and (b) accompanied by the report thereon of KPMG LLP or any other independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing, whose report shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall not be subject to (i) any going concern or like qualification or exception or (ii) any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
 Section 9.3. Compliance Certificate Statement of Funds from Operations Unencumbered Asset Value . 
 At the time the financial statements are furnished pursuant to Sections 9.1. and 9.2., (a) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L (a Compliance Certificate executed on behalf of the Borrower by the chief financial officer of the Borrower (i) setting forth in reasonable detail as of the end of such fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as the case may be, the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower was in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 10.1 and (ii) stating that no Default or Event of Default exists, or, if such is not the case, specifying such Default or Event of Default and its nature, when it occurred and the steps being taken by the Borrower with respect to such event, condition or failure (b) a statement of Funds From Operations for such fiscal quarter or fiscal year and (c) a report of all Eligible Properties included in the calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value and all newly acquired Properties, including their Net Operating Income, cost and mortgage debt, if any. 
 Section 9.4. Other Information . 
 (a) Promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all quarterly board presentations, redacted as appropriate to the extent of the information therein that is (x) prohibited from disclosure to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, (y) contains confidential, sensitive or proprietary information (including information or discussion of financing options, strategy, acquisitions or dispositions) or (z) is subject to attorney-client privilege (which privilege is not created solely for the purpose of establishing an exception under this clause (z)) 
 (b) Within five (5) Business Days of the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements (excluding the exhibits thereto (unless requested by the Administrative Agent) and any registration statements on Form S-8 or its equivalent), reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) and all other periodic reports which any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall file with the SEC or any national securities exchange 
 
 (c) Promptly upon the mailing thereof to the shareholders of the Borrower generally, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so mailed and promptly upon the issuance thereof copies of all press releases issued by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party 
 
 (d) No later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower ending prior to the latest Facility Termination Date, projected balance sheets, operating statements, profit and loss projections and cash flow budgets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for each quarter of the then current fiscal year, all itemized in reasonable detail, including in the case of the cash flow budgets, excess 
 94 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

operating cash flow, availability under this Agreement, unused availability under committed development loans, unfunded committed equity and any other committed sources of funds, as well as, cash obligations for acquisitions, unfunded development costs, capital expenditures, debt service, overhead, dividends, maturing Property loans, hedge settlements and other anticipated uses of cash. The foregoing shall be accompanied by pro forma calculations, together with detailed assumptions, required to establish whether or not the Borrower, and when appropriate its consolidated Subsidiaries, will be in compliance with the covenants contained in Section 10.1. at the end of each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year 
 
 (e) If any ERISA Event shall occur that individually, or together with any other ERISA Event that has occurred, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a certificate of the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Borrower setting forth details as to such occurrence and the action, if any, which the Borrower or applicable member of the ERISA Group is required or proposes to take 
 
 (f) To the extent any Senior Officer of any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is aware of the same, prompt notice of the commencement of any proceeding or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority and any action or proceeding in any court or other tribunal or before any arbitrator against or in any other way relating to, or affecting, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, assets or businesses which could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (g) Prompt notice of any change in the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or any other officer acting in an equivalent capacity of the Parent 
 
 (h) Prompt notice upon any Senior Officer of the Borrower or any Loan Party obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
 
 (i) Prompt notice of any order, judgment or decree in excess of 5,000,000 having been entered against any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets 
 
 (j) Prompt notice of a Material Acquisition or the acquisition, incorporation or other creation of any Material Subsidiary, and whether such Subsidiary is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower 
 
 (k) Promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, evidence of the Borrower s calculation of the Ownership Share with respect to a Subsidiary or an Unconsolidated Affiliate, such evidence to be in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (l) Promptly, upon each request, such information and documentation as a Lender may request in order to comply with applicable know your customer requirements, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including without limitation, the Patriot Act, and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation 
 
 (m) Promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after any Senior Officer of the Borrower, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary obtains knowledge of, written notice of the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive written notice of any violation of or noncompliance by Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary with any Environmental Law (ii) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive written notice that any administrative or judicial complaint, order or petition has been filed or other proceeding has been initiated, or is about to be filed or initiated against any such Person alleging any violation of or noncompliance with any Environmental Law or requiring any such Person to take any response action in 
 95 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

connection with the release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials or (iii) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive any written notice from a Governmental Authority or private party alleging that any such Person may be liable or responsible for any costs associated with a response to, or remediation or cleanup of, a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials or any damages caused thereby or (iv) the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall receive notice of any other fact, circumstance or condition that could reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim, and the matters covered by notices referred to in any of the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (iv), whether individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 
 (n) To the extent any Senior Officer of the Parent, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is aware of the same, prompt notice of any matter that has had, or which could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect and 
 
 (o) From time to time and promptly upon each request and to the extent available to the Borrower or otherwise prepared by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business, such data, certificates, reports, statements, opinions of counsel, documents or further information regarding any Property or the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations or business prospects of the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 
 Section 9.5. Electronic Delivery of Certain Information . 
 (a) Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents may be delivered by electronic communication and delivery, including, the Internet, e-mail or intranet websites to which the Administrative Agent and each Lender have access (including a commercial, third-party website or a website sponsored or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower) provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) notices to any Lender (or any Issuing Bank) pursuant to Article II. and (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it cannot or does not want to receive electronic communications. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic delivery pursuant to procedures approved by it for all or particular notices or communications. Documents or notices delivered electronically shall be deemed to have been delivered 24 hours after the date and time on which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower posts such documents or the documents become available on a commercial website and the Administrative Agent or Borrower notifies each Lender of said posting and provides a link thereto provided if such notice or other communication is not sent or posted during the normal business hours of the recipient, said posting date and time shall be deemed to have commenced as of 11 00 a.m. Central time on the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of any documents to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender that requests such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents delivered electronically, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it of paper copies and maintaining its paper or electronic documents. 
 (b) Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Article II. may be delivered electronically to a website provided for such purpose by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the procedures provided to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 9.6. Public Private Information . 
 The Borrower and the Parent shall cooperate with the Administrative Agent in connection with the publication of certain materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Parent. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Parent to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (collectively, Information Materials pursuant to this Article and the Borrower and the Parent shall designate 
 96 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Information Materials (a) that are either available to the public or not material with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws, as Public Information and (b) that are not Public Information as Private Information . Absent written notice from the Borrower or the Parent to the contrary, the Borrower and the Parent hereby designate all Information Materials included in the public filings made by the Parent or the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Public Information and all other Information Materials as Private Information. 
 
 Section 9.7. USA Patriot Act Notice Compliance . 
 
 The Patriot Act and federal regulations issued with respect thereto require all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record certain information that identifies individuals or business entities which open an account with such financial institution. Consequently, a Lender (for itself and or as agent for all Lenders hereunder) may from time-to-time request, and the Borrower shall, and shall cause the other Loan Parties to, provide promptly upon any such request to such Lender, such Loan Party s name, address, tax identification number and or such other identification information as shall be necessary for such Lender to comply with federal law. An account for this purpose may include, without limitation, a deposit account, cash management service, a transaction or asset account, a credit account, a loan or other extension of credit, and or other financial services product. 
 
 ARTICLE X. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Borrower (and, in the case of Section 10.1, the Parent) shall comply with the following covenants. 
 
 Section 10.1. Financial Covenants . 
 
 All references to the Parent, for purposes of the financial covenants in this Section 10.1, shall mean the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 (a) Ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Total Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to (ii) Total Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (the Total Leverage Ratio to exceed (1) 0.65 to 1.00 at any time during the Initial Measurement Period and (2) 0.60 to 1.00 at any time thereafter provided, however, that if such ratio is greater than 0.60 to 1.00 but is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00, then the Parent shall be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 10.1.(a) so long as (i) the Parent, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower completed a Material Acquisition which resulted in such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) exceeding 0.60 to 1.00 at any time during the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition took place and during the three subsequent fiscal quarters thereafter, (ii) the Parent has maintained compliance with this Section 10.1.(a) in reliance on this proviso not more than two times (inclusive of the then current reliance on this proviso) during the term of this Agreement, and (iii) such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00 at any time. 
 
 (b) Ratio of EBITDA to Fixed Charges . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Adjusted EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ending to (ii) Fixed Charges of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period to be less than 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of such period. 
 
 97 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(c) Ratio of Secured Indebtedness to Total Asset Value . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Secured Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to (ii) Total Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to exceed 0.40 to 1.00 at any time. 
 
 (d) Ratio of Certain Recourse Indebtedness to Total Asset Value . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Recourse Indebtedness constituting Secured Indebtedness (exclusive of the Obligations under the Loan Documents) of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to (ii) Total Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to exceed 0.10 to 1.00 at any time. 
 
 (e) Ratio of Unsecured Indebtedness to Unencumbered Asset Value . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Unsecured Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to (ii) Unencumbered Asset Value of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to exceed (1) 0.65 to 1.00 at any time during the Initial Measurement Period and (2) 0.60 to 1.00 at any time thereafter provided, however, that if such ratio is greater than 0.60 to 1.00 but is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00, then the Parent shall be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 10.1.(e) so long as (i) the Parent, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower completed a Material Acquisition which resulted in such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) exceeding 0.60 to 1.00 at any time during the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition took place and during the three subsequent fiscal quarters thereafter, (ii) the Parent has maintained compliance with this Section 10.1.(e) in reliance on this proviso not more than two times (inclusive of the then current reliance on this proviso) during the term of this Agreement, and (iii) such ratio (after giving effect to such Material Acquisition) is not greater than 0.65 to 1.00 at any time. 
 (f) Ratio of Unencumbered Adjusted NOI to Unsecured Interest Expense . The Parent shall not permit the ratio of (i) Unencumbered Adjusted NOI of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ending to (ii) Unsecured Interest Expense of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period to be less than 1.75 to 1.00 at any time. 
 
 (g) Minimum Tangible Net Worth . The Parent and the Borrower shall not permit Tangible Net Worth at any time to be less than (i) 731,508,263 plus (ii) 75 of the Net Proceeds of all Equity Issuances effected at any time after the Agreement by the Parent, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of the Parent to any Person other than the Parent, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of the Parent. 
 
 (h) Aggregate Occupancy Rates . The Parent shall not permit the weighted average aggregate Occupancy Rate (weighted on the basis of aggregate square footage) of all Eligible Properties to be less than or equal to 90 at any time. 
 
 (i) Total Assets of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries . The Parent shall not permit the portion of Adjusted Total Asset Value determined with respect to the Borrower and the Guarantors to be less than 90 of Adjusted Total Asset Value at any time. 
 
 (j) Dividends and Other Restricted Payments . The Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make any Restricted Payment, except that 
 
 (i) the Borrower may (A) make payments on account of redemption or repurchase of partnership interests in the Borrower in accordance with the partnership agreement of the Borrower, or (B) pay cash dividends to the Parent and the other holders of partnership interests in the Borrower, and the Parent may so distribute such cash dividends to its shareholders, in the case of clause (A) or clause (B), so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and so long as the Parent shall be in pro forma compliance with the other covenants set forth in this Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) immediately after giving effect thereto 
 98 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(ii) both (A) the Borrower may pay cash dividends to the Parent and other holders of partnership interests in the Borrower with respect to any fiscal year ending during the term of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the Parent to distribute, and the Parent may so distribute, cash dividends to its shareholders in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) the amount required to be distributed for the Parent to remain in compliance with Section 8.14. and (y) the amount necessary for the Parent to avoid income or excise tax under the Internal Revenue Code and (B) Subsidiaries may pay Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower and the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Parent may pay Restricted Payments to the Parent. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in the event that a Default or Event of Default under Sections 11.1.(a), (e) or (f) exists or would exist after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, or the Obligations have been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then the Parent shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to make any Restricted Payments to any Person other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is a Guarantor. 
 
 Section 10.2. Negative Pledge . 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, (a) create, assume, incur, permit or suffer to exist any Lien on any Eligible Property or any direct or indirect Equity Interest of the Borrower in any Person owning any Eligible Property, now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Liens or (b) permit any Eligible Property or any direct or indirect ownership interest of the Borrower or in any Person owning an Eligible Property, to be subject to a Negative Pledge. 
 
 Section 10.3. Restrictions on Intercompany Transfers . 
 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party to, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Loan Party to (a) pay dividends or make any other distribution on any of such Loan Party s Equity Interests owned by the Borrower or any Loan Party (b) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any Loan Party (c) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any Loan Party or (d) transfer any of its property or assets to the Borrower or any Loan Party other than (i) with respect to clauses (a) through (d) those encumbrances or restrictions contained in any Loan Document and (ii) with respect to clause (d), customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Section 10.4. Merger, Consolidation, Sales of Assets and Other Arrangements . 
 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, (a) enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation (which, in the case of any acquisition as a result of a merger or consolidation, has a value equal to or greater than a Substantial Amount) (b) liquidate, windup or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) (c) convey, sell, lease, sublease, transfer or otherwise dispose of in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any substantial part of its business or assets, or the capital stock of or other Equity Interests in any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or (d) acquire the assets of, or make an Investment in, any other Person in an amount in excess of a Substantial Amount provided , however , that 
 
 (i) any Subsidiary may merge with a Loan Party so long as such Loan Party is the survivor 
 99 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(ii) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or dispose of its assets to a Loan Party 
 
 (iii) a Loan Party (other than the Borrower or any Eligible Property Subsidiary) and any Subsidiary that is not (and is not required to be) a Loan Party may convey, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any substantial part of its business or assets, or the capital stock of or other Equity Interests in any of its Subsidiaries, and immediately thereafter liquidate, provided that immediately prior to any such conveyance, sale, transfer, disposition or liquidation and immediately thereafter and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default is or would be in existence 
 
 (iv) any Loan Party and any other Subsidiary may, directly or indirectly, (A) acquire (whether by purchase, acquisition of Equity Interests of a Person, or as a result of a merger or consolidation) a Substantial Amount of the assets of, or make an Investment of a Substantial Amount in, any other Person and (B) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, whether by one or a series of transactions, a Substantial Amount of assets (including capital stock or other securities of Subsidiaries) to any other Person, so long as, in each case, (1) the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at least 30 days prior written notice of such consolidation, merger, acquisition, Investment, sale, lease or other transfer (2) immediately prior thereto, and immediately thereafter and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default is or would be in existence, including, without limitation, a Default or Event of Default resulting from a breach of Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) (3) in the case of a consolidation or merger involving the Borrower or an Eligible Property Subsidiary, the Borrower or such Loan Party shall be the survivor thereof and (4) at the time the Borrower gives notice pursuant to clause (1) of this subsection, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each of the Lenders a Compliance Certificate, calculated on a pro forma basis, evidencing the continued compliance by the Loan Parties with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation, the financial covenants contained in Section 10.1. for the periods for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered), after giving effect to such consolidation, merger, acquisition, Investment, sale, lease or other transfer and 
 
 (v) the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the other Subsidiaries may lease and sublease their respective assets, as lessor or sublessor (as the case may be), in the ordinary course of their business. 
 
 Further, no Loan Party shall enter into any sale-leaseback transactions or other transaction by which such Person shall remain liable as lessee (or the economic equivalent thereof) of any real or personal property that it has sold or leased to another Person. 
 
 Section 10.5. Plans . 
 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, permit any of its respective assets to become or be deemed to be plan assets within the meaning of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the respective regulations promulgated thereunder. The Borrower shall not cause or permit to occur, and shall not permit any other member of the ERISA Group to cause or permit to occur, any ERISA Event if such ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 100 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 10.6. Fiscal Year . 
 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or other Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from that in effect as of the Agreement Date. 
 
 Section 10.7. Modifications of Organizational Documents . 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party (except as contemplated under Section 8.15., with respect to EBA EverSTAR Management, LLC) or any other Subsidiary to, amend, supplement, restate or otherwise modify or waive the application of any provision of its certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, by-laws, operating agreement, declaration of trust, partnership agreement or other applicable organizational document if such amendment, supplement, restatement or other modification (a) is adverse to the interest of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders or (b) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 10.8. Subordinated Debt Prepayments Amendments . 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or other Subsidiary to, prepay any principal of, or accrued interest on, any Subordinated Debt or otherwise make any voluntary or optional payment with respect to any principal of, or accrued interest on, any Subordinated Debt prior to the originally scheduled maturity or due date thereof or otherwise redeem or acquire for value any Subordinated Debt prior to its maturity. Further, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or other Subsidiary to, amend or modify, or permit the amendment or modification of, any agreement or instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt where such amendment or modification provides for the following or which has any of the following effects 
 (a) amends any financial or other covenant contained in any document or instrument evidencing any Subordinated Debt in a manner which is more onerous to the Borrower or such Subsidiary or which requires the Borrower or such Subsidiary to improve its financial performance or 
 (b) if immediately prior to or after giving effect thereto a Default or Event of Default is or would be in existence 
 (i) increases the rate of interest accruing on such Subordinated Debt 
 (ii) increases the amount of any scheduled installment of principal or interest, or shortens the date on which any such installment or principal or interest becomes due 
 (iii) shortens the final maturity date of such Subordinated Debt 
 (iv) increases the principal amount of such Subordinated Debt 
 (v) provides for the payment of additional fees or the increase in existing fees and or 
 (vi) otherwise could reasonably be expected to be adverse to the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 
 
 Section 10.9. Transactions with Affiliates . 
 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, permit to exist or enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any 
 101 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate, except (a) as set forth on Schedule 7.1.(r), (b) transactions among the Borrower, other Loan Parties and Wholly Owned Subsidiaries or (c) transactions in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the business of the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary and upon fair and reasonable terms which are no less favorable to the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary than would be obtained in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments may be made with respect to any items set forth on such Schedule 7.1.(r) if a Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom. 
 
 Section 10.10. Environmental Matters . 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts not to permit any other Person, to use, generate, discharge, emit, manufacture, handle, process, store, release, transport, remove, dispose of or clean up any Hazardous Materials on, under or from the Properties in violation of any Environmental Law or in a manner that could reasonably be expected to lead to any Environmental Claim, except whether individually or in the aggregate, as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing in this Section shall impose any obligation or liability whatsoever on the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 Section 10.11. Derivatives Contracts . 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary to, enter into or become obligated in respect of Derivatives Contracts other than (i) Derivatives Contracts entered into by the Borrower, any such Loan Party or any such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and which establish an effective hedge in respect of liabilities, commitments or assets held or reasonably anticipated by the Borrower, such other Loan Party or such other Subsidiary and (ii) any agreement, commitment or arrangement for the sale of Equity Interests issued by the Parent at a future date that could be discharged solely by (x) delivery of the Parent s Equity Interests (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock), or, (y) solely at the Parent s option made at any time, payment of the net cash value of such Equity Interests at the time, irrespective of the form or duration of such agreement, commitment or arrangement. 
 
 ARTICLE XI. DEFAULT 
 
 Section 11.1. Events of Default . 
 
 Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default, whatever the reason for such event and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of Applicable Law or pursuant to any judgment or order of any Governmental Authority 
 
 (a) Default in Payment . (x) The Borrower shall fail to pay when due under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (whether upon demand, at maturity, by reason of acceleration or otherwise) the principal of any of the Loans or any Reimbursement Obligation, or shall fail to pay interest or any of the other payment Obligations owing by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document due on the Revolving Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay when due any payment obligation owing by such Loan Party under any Loan Document to which it is a party due on the Revolving Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, or (y) the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay within three (3) Business Days of when due interest or any of the other payment Obligations owing by the Borrower or any other Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and not covered by the preceding clause (x). 
 102 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(b) Default in Performance . 
 
 (i) Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement on its part to be performed or observed and contained in Article IV, Section 8.1. (with respect to the existence of any Loan Party), Section 8.8., Section 8.12., Section 8.14., Section 8.15., Section 9.4.(h) or Article X. or 
 
 (ii) Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement on its part to be performed or observed and contained in Sections 9.1., 9.2. or 9.3. and in the case of this subsection (b)(ii) only, such failure shall continue for a period of five (5) days after the earlier of (x) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or such other Loan Party obtains knowledge of such failure or (y) the date upon which the Borrower has received written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders or 
 (iii) Any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party and not otherwise mentioned in this Section, and in the case of this subsection (b)(iii) only, such failure shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or such other Loan Party obtains knowledge of such failure or (y) the date upon which the Borrower has received written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders. 
 (c) Material Misrepresentations . Any written statement, representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, or any amendment hereto or thereto, or in any other writing or statement at any time furnished by, or at the direction of, any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, shall at any time prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made or deemed made. 
 
 (d) Indebtedness Cross-Default . 
 
 (i) The Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment when due and payable in respect of (x) any Recourse Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations or Indebtedness of Unconsolidated Affiliates) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of any Derivatives Contract, having, without regard to the effect of any close-out netting provision, a Derivatives Termination Value), in each case individually or in the aggregate with all other such Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of 25,000,000 or more or (y) any Nonrecourse Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness of Unconsolidated Affiliates) having an aggregate outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of any Derivatives Contract, having, without regard to the effect of any close-out netting provision, a Derivatives Termination Value), in each case individually or in the aggregate with all other such Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of 25,000,000 or more (clause (x) and clause (y) collectively, Material Indebtedness or 
 
 (ii) (x) The maturity of any Material Indebtedness shall have been accelerated in accordance with the provisions of any indenture, contract or instrument evidencing, providing for the creation of or otherwise concerning such Material Indebtedness or (y) any Material Indebtedness shall have been required to be prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or defeased prior to the stated maturity thereof or 
 
 103 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(iii) Any other event shall have occurred and be continuing which, with or without the passage of time, the giving of notice, or otherwise, would permit any holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness, any trustee or agent acting on behalf of such holder or holders or any other Person, to accelerate the maturity of any such Material Indebtedness or require any such Material Indebtedness to be prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or defeased prior to its stated maturity or 
 
 (iv) There occurs an Event of Default under and as defined in any Derivatives Contract as to which the Borrower, any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary is a Defaulting Party (as defined therein), or there occurs an Early Termination Date (as defined therein) in respect of any Specified Derivatives Contract as a result of a Termination Event (as defined therein) as to which the Parent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an Affected Party (as defined therein), in each case, arising from a default in payment of amounts individually or in the aggregate with all other such defaulted payments, of 10,000,000 or more. 
 
 (e) Voluntary Bankruptcy Proceeding . (A) The Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Eligible Property Subsidiary or other Material Subsidiary shall (i) commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or other federal bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect) (ii) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other Applicable Laws, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or adjustment of debts (iii) consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any petition filed against it in an involuntary case under such bankruptcy laws or other Applicable Laws or consent to any proceeding or action described in the immediately following subsection (f) (iv) apply for or consent to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, or liquidator of itself or of a substantial part of its property, domestic or foreign (v) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due (vi) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors (vii) make a conveyance fraudulent as to creditors under any Applicable Law or (viii) take any corporate or partnership action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing or (B) the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due. 
 
 (f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Proceeding . A case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Eligible Property Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief under the Bankruptcy Code or other federal bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect) or under any other Applicable Laws, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition or adjustment of debts or (ii) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of such Person, or of all or any substantial part of the assets, domestic or foreign, of such Person, and in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days, or an order granting the remedy or other relief requested in such case or proceeding (including, but not limited to, an order for relief under such Bankruptcy Code or such other federal bankruptcy laws) shall be entered. 
 
 (g) Revocation of Loan Documents . Any Loan Party shall (or shall attempt to) disavow, revoke or terminate any Loan Document to which it is a party or shall otherwise challenge or contest in any action, suit or proceeding in any court or before any Governmental Authority the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any Loan Document shall cease to be in full force and effect (except as a result of the express terms thereof). 
 
 (h) Judgment . A judgment or order for the payment of money or for an injunction or other non-monetary relief shall be entered against the Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any other Subsidiary by any court or other tribunal and either (i) (x) such judgment or order shall continue for a period of 60 days without being paid, stayed or dismissed through appropriate appellate proceedings or (y) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor on any such judgment and (ii) either (A) the amount of such judgment or order for which insurance has not been acknowledged in writing by the 
 104 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

applicable insurance carrier (or the amount as to which the insurer has denied liability) exceeds, individually or together with all other such judgments or orders entered against the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, 25,000,000 or (B) in the case of an injunction or other non-monetary relief, such injunction or judgment or order could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (i) Attachment . A warrant, writ of attachment, execution or similar process shall be issued against any property of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, which exceeds, individually or together with all other such warrants, writs, executions and processes, 25,000,000 in amount and such warrant, writ, execution or process shall not be paid, discharged, vacated, stayed or bonded for a period of twenty (20) days provided , however , that if a bond has been issued in favor of the claimant or other Person obtaining such warrant, writ, execution or process, the issuer of such bond shall execute a waiver or subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which the issuer of such bond subordinates its right of reimbursement, contribution or subrogation to the Obligations and waives or subordinates any Lien it may have on the assets of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary. 
 (j) ERISA . 
 (i) Any ERISA Event shall have occurred that results or could reasonably be expected to result in liability to any member of the ERISA Group aggregating in excess of 25,000,000 or 
 (ii) The benefit obligation of all Plans exceeds the fair market value of plan assets for such Plans by more than 25,000,000, all as determined, and with such terms defined, in accordance with GAAP. 
 (k) Reserved . 
 (l) Change of Control Change in Management . 
 (i) Any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than twenty five percent (25 of the total voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the Parent entitled to vote for the election of directors 
 
 (ii) During any period of 12 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of any such 12-month period constituted the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) of the Parent (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the Parent was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) of the Parent or 
 
 (iii) the Parent shall cease to own and control, directly or indirectly, more than 85 of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower, free and clear of any Liens (other than in favor of the Administrative Agent) or any Person or group shall own, directly or indirectly, an equal or greater percentage of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower than the percentage held by the Parent or the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of the Borrower by any Person or group other than the Parent or 
 
 105 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(iv) (A) General Partner shall cease to be a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent, (B) the Parent, General Partner or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent cease to have the sole and exclusive power to exercise all management and control over the Borrower or (B) the Parent, General Partner or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Parent shall cease to be the sole general partner of the Borrower or 
 
 (v) the Borrower shall cease to own and control, directly or indirectly, 100 of the outstanding Equity Interests of each Eligible Property Subsidiary and each other Subsidiary Guarantor (other than Subsidiary Guarantors under clause (vii) of the definition of Required Guarantor ), in each case free and clear of any liens (other than in favor of the Administrative Agent). 
 
 (m) Subordinated Debt Documents . The failure of any Loan Party to comply with the terms of any intercreditor agreement or any subordination provisions of any note or other document in respect of any Subordinated Debt and running to the benefit of the Administrative Agent or Lenders, or any such document becomes null and void or unenforceable against any holder of such Subordinated Debt or any such holder shall (or shall attempt to) disavow, revoke or terminate any such document or shall otherwise challenge or contest in any action, suit or proceeding in any court or before any Governmental Authority the validity or enforceability of any such document. 
 
 (n) Security Documents . Prior to the Collateral Release Date, any provision of any Security Document shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party, or any Lien created under any Security Document ceases to be a valid and perfected first priority Lien in any of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby. 
 
 Section 11.2. Remedies Upon Event of Default . 
 
 Upon the occurrence and until the waiver thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement of an Event of Default the following provisions shall apply 
 
 (a) Acceleration Termination of Facilities . 
 
 (i) Automatic . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 11.1.(e) or 11.1.(f) with respect to the Borrower or the Parent, (1)(A) the principal of, and all accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding, (B) an amount equal to 103 of the Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and (C) all of the other Obligations, including, but not limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents shall become immediately and automatically due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, and (2) the Commitments and the Swingline Commitment and the obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, shall all immediately and automatically terminate. 
 
 (ii) Optional . If any other Event of Default shall exist, the Administrative Agent may, and at the direction of the Requisite Lenders shall (1) declare (A) the principal of, and accrued interest on, the Loans and the Notes at the time outstanding, (B) an amount equal to 103 of the Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and (C) all of the 
 106 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

other Obligations, including, but not limited to, the other amounts owed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Notes or any of the other Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties, and (2) terminate the Commitments and the Swingline Commitment and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 
 (b) Loan Documents . The Requisite Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall, exercise any and all of its rights under any and all of the other Loan Documents. 
 
 (c) Applicable Law . The Requisite Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent if so directed shall, exercise all other rights and remedies it may have under any Applicable Law. 
 
 (d) Appointment of Receiver . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to the appointment of a receiver for the assets and properties of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, without notice of any kind whatsoever and without regard to the adequacy of any security for the Obligations or the solvency of any party bound for its payment, to take possession of all or any portion of the property and or the business operations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party and to exercise such power as the court shall confer upon such receiver. 
 
 (e) Remedies in Respect of Specified Derivatives Contracts and Specified Cash Management Agreements . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or other Loan Document, each Specified Derivatives Provider and Specified Cash Management Bank shall have the right, with prompt notice to the Administrative Agent, but without the approval or consent of or other action by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders, and without limitation of other remedies available to such Specified Derivatives Provider or Specified Cash Management Bank, as applicable, under contract or Applicable Law, to undertake any of the following (a) in the case of a Specified Derivatives Provider, to declare an event of default, termination event or other similar event under any Specified Derivatives Contract and to create an Early Termination Date (as defined therein) in respect thereof, (b) in the case of a Specified Derivatives Provider, to determine net termination amounts in respect of any and all Specified Derivatives Contracts in accordance with the terms thereof, and to set off amounts among such contracts, (c) in the case of a Specified Derivatives Provider, to set off or proceed against deposit account balances, securities account balances and other property and amounts held by such Specified Derivatives Provider and (d) to prosecute any legal action against the Borrower, any Loan Party or other Subsidiary to enforce or collect net amounts owing to such Specified Derivatives Provider or Specified Cash Management Bank, as applicable, pursuant to any Specified Derivatives Contract or Specified Cash Management Agreement, as applicable. 

Section 11.3. Remedies Upon Default . 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Default specified in either Section 11.1.(e) or Section 11.1.(f), the Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and the obligation of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit shall immediately and automatically terminate. 
 107 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 11.4. Marshaling Payments Set Aside . 
 
 No Lender Party shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Loan Party or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Guaranteed Obligations. To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment or payments to a Lender Party, or a Lender Party enforces its security interest or exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such recovery, the Guaranteed Obligations, or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
 
 Section 11.5. Allocation of Proceeds . 
 If an Event of Default exists, all payments received by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender as a result of its exercise of remedies permitted under Section 13.3.) under any of the Loan Documents in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations shall be applied in the following order and priority 
 (a) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts, including attorney fees, payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such, each Issuing Bank in its capacity as such and the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and Swingline Lender in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (a) payable to them 
 (b) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders under the Loan Documents, including attorney fees, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (b) payable to them 
 (c) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Swingline Loans 
 (d) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (d) payable to them 
 (e) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Swingline Loans 
 (f) to payment of that portion of the Guaranteed Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations, other Letter of Credit Liabilities and payment obligations then owing under Specified Derivatives Contracts and Specified Cash Management Agreements, ratably among the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Specified Derivatives Providers and the Specified Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (f) payable to them provided , however , to the extent that any amounts available for distribution pursuant to this clause are attributable to the issued but undrawn amount of an outstanding Letter of Credit, such amounts shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and 
 (g) the balance, if any, after all of the Guaranteed Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Applicable Law. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations arising under Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Derivatives Contracts shall be excluded from the application described above 
 108 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Specified Cash Management Bank or Specified Derivatives Provider, as the case may be. Each Specified Cash Management Bank or Specified Derivatives Provider not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article XII. for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto. 
 
 Section 11.6. Letter of Credit Collateral Account . 
 
 (a) As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all Letter of Credit Liabilities and the other Obligations, the Borrower hereby pledges and grants to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders as provided herein, a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and the balances from time to time in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account (including the investments and reinvestments therein provided for below). The balances from time to time in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account shall not constitute payment of any Letter of Credit Liabilities until applied by the applicable Issuing Bank as provided herein. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account shall be subject to withdrawal only as provided in this Section. 
 
 (b) Amounts on deposit in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account shall be invested and reinvested by the Administrative Agent in such Cash Equivalents as the Administrative Agent shall determine in its sole discretion. All such investments and reinvestments shall be held in the name of and be under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders provided , that all earnings on such investments will be credited to and retained in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account. The Administrative Agent shall exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and shall be deemed to have exercised such care if such funds are accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the Administrative Agent accords other funds deposited with the Administrative Agent, it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility for taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with respect to any funds held in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account. 
 
 (c) If a drawing pursuant to any Letter of Credit occurs on or prior to the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower and the Lenders authorize the Administrative Agent to use the monies deposited in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for the payment made by such Issuing Bank to the beneficiary with respect to such drawing. 
 
 (d) If an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent may (and, if instructed by the Requisite Lenders, shall) in its (or their) discretion at any time and from time to time elect to liquidate any such investments and reinvestments and apply the proceeds thereof to the Obligations in accordance with Section 11.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to liquidate and release any such amounts if such liquidation or release would result in the amount available in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account to be less than the Stated Amount of all Extended Letters of Credit that remain outstanding. 
 
 (e) So long as no Default or Event of Default exists, and to the extent amounts on deposit in or credited to the Letter of Credit Collateral Account exceed the aggregate amount of the Letter of Credit Liabilities then due and owing, the Administrative Agent shall, from time to time, at the written request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after the Administrative Agent s 
 109 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

receipt of such request from the Borrower, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, such amount of the credit balances in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account as exceeds the aggregate amount of Letter of Credit Liabilities at such time. Upon the expiration, termination or cancellation of an Extended Letter of Credit for which the Revolving Lenders reimbursed (or funded participations in) a drawing deemed to have occurred under the fourth sentence of Section 2.4.(b) for deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account but in respect of which the Revolving Lenders have not otherwise received payment for the amount so reimbursed or funded, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Revolving Lenders the amount so reimbursed or funded for such Extended Letter of Credit that remains in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid reimbursements or funded participations of the Lenders in respect of such Extended Letter of Credit, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever. When all of the Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full and no Letters of Credit remain outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, the balances remaining in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account. 
 
 (f) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent from time to time such fees as the Administrative Agent normally charges for similar services in connection with the Administrative Agent s administration of the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and investments and reinvestments of funds therein. 

Section 11.7. Rescission of Acceleration by Requisite Lenders . 
 
 If at any time after acceleration of the maturity of the Loans and the other Obligations, the Borrower shall pay all arrears of interest and all payments on account of principal of the Obligations which shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on principal and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, on overdue interest, at the rates specified in this Agreement) and all Events of Default and Defaults (other than nonpayment of principal of and accrued interest on the Obligations due and payable solely by virtue of acceleration) shall become remedied or waived to the satisfaction of the Requisite Lenders, then by written notice to the Borrower, the Requisite Lenders may elect, in the sole discretion of such Requisite Lenders, to rescind and annul the acceleration and its consequences. The provisions of the preceding sentence are intended merely to bind all of the Lenders to a decision which may be made at the election of the Requisite Lenders, and are not intended to benefit the Borrower and do not give the Borrower the right to require the Lenders to rescind or annul any acceleration hereunder, even if the conditions set forth herein are satisfied. 

Section 11.8. Performance by Administrative Agent . 
 
 If the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to perform any covenant, duty or agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent may, after notice to the Borrower, perform or attempt to perform such covenant, duty or agreement on behalf of the Borrower or such other Loan Party after the expiration of any cure or grace periods set forth herein. In such event, the Borrower shall, at the request of the Administrative Agent, promptly pay any amount reasonably expended by the Administrative Agent in such performance or attempted performance to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon at the applicable Post-Default Rate from the date of such expenditure until paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability or responsibility whatsoever for the performance of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 110 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 11.9. Rights Cumulative . 
 
 (a) Generally . The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, of the Specified Derivatives Providers under the Specified Derivatives Contracts, and of the Specified Cash Management Banks under the Specified Cash Management Agreements, shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any of them may otherwise have under Applicable Law. In exercising their respective rights and remedies the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Lenders, the Specified Derivatives Providers and the Specified Cash Management Banks may be selective and no failure or delay by any such Lender Party in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of it, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude its other or further exercise or the exercise of any other power or right. 
 
 (b) Enforcement by Administrative Agent . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article XI. for the benefit of all the Lenders and the Issuing Banks provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, as the case may be) hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, (iii) any Specified Derivatives Provider or Specified Cash Management Bank from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit under any Specified Derivatives Contract or Specified Cash Management Agreement, as applicable, (iv) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 13.3. (subject to the terms of Section 3.3.), or (v) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (x) the Requisite Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article XI. and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), (iv) and (v) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 3.3., any Lender may, with the consent of the Requisite Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Requisite Lenders. 
 
 ARTICLE XII. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Section 12.1. Appointment and Authorization . 
 
 Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as contractual representative on such Lender s behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Not in limitation of the foregoing, each Lender authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to enter into the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders. Each Lender hereby agrees that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any action taken by the Requisite Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Requisite Lenders of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Nothing herein shall be construed to deem the Administrative Agent a trustee or fiduciary for any Lender or to impose on the Administrative Agent duties or obligations other than those expressly provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the 
 111 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

terms Agent , Administrative Agent , agent and similar terms in the Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, use of such terms is merely a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. The Administrative Agent shall deliver or otherwise make available to each Lender, promptly upon receipt thereof by the Administrative Agent, copies of each of the financial statements, certificates, notices and other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article IX. that the Borrower is not otherwise required to deliver directly to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will furnish to any Lender, upon the request of such Lender, a copy (or, where appropriate, an original) of any document, instrument, agreement, certificate or notice furnished to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate of the Borrower, pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document not already delivered or otherwise made available to such Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any such other Loan Document. As to any matters not expressly provided for by the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of any of the Obligations), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders if explicitly required under any other provision of this Agreement), and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and all holders of any of the Obligations provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or Applicable Law. Not in limitation of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may exercise any right or remedy it or the Lenders may have under any Loan Document upon the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default unless the Requisite Lenders have directed the Administrative Agent otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Requisite Lenders, or where applicable, all the Lenders. 
 
 Section 12.2. Administrative Agent as Lender . 
 
 The Lender acting as Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers as a Lender, a Specified Derivatives Provider or a Specified Cash Management Bank, as the case may be, under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Specified Derivatives Contract or any Specified Cash Management Agreement, as the case may be, as any other Lender, Specified Derivatives Provider or any Specified Cash Management Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include the Lender acting as the Administrative Agent in each case in its individual capacity. Such Lender and its Affiliates may each accept deposits from, maintain deposits or credit balances for, invest in, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, serve as financial advisor to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof as if it were any other bank and without any duty to account therefor to the Issuing Banks, the other Lenders, any Specified Derivatives Providers or any Specified Cash Management Banks. Further, the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate may accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower for services in connection with this Agreement, any Specified Derivatives Contract or any Specified Cash Management Agreement, or otherwise without having to account for the same to the Issuing Banks, the other Lenders, any Specified Derivatives Providers or any Specified Cash Management Banks. The Issuing Banks and the Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Lender acting as the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Borrower, other Loan Parties, other Subsidiaries and other Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Person) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. 
 112 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 12.3. Approvals of Lenders . 
 
 All communications from the Administrative Agent to any Lender requesting such Lender s determination, consent or approval (a) shall be given in the form of a written notice to such Lender, (b) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or issue as to which such determination, consent or approval is requested, or shall advise such Lender where information, if any, regarding such matter or issue may be inspected, or shall otherwise describe the matter or issue to be resolved and (c) shall include, if reasonably requested by such Lender and to the extent not previously provided to such Lender, written materials provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in respect of the matter or issue to be resolved. Unless a Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent that it specifically objects to the requested determination, consent or approval (together with a reasonable written explanation of the reasons behind such objection) within ten (10) Business Days (or such lesser or greater period as may be specifically required under the express terms of the Loan Documents) of receipt of such communication, such Lender shall be deemed to have conclusively approved such requested determination, consent or approval. The provisions of this Section shall not apply to any amendment, waiver or consent regarding any of the matters described in Section 13.6.(b). 
 
 Section 12.4. Notice of Events of Default . 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing with reasonable specificity such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. If any Lender (excluding the Lender which is also serving as the Administrative Agent) becomes aware of any Default or Event of Default, it shall promptly send to the Administrative Agent such a notice of default provided , a Lender s failure to provide such a notice of default to the Administrative Agent shall not result in any liability of such Lender to any other party to any of the Loan Documents. Further, if the Administrative Agent receives such a notice of default, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. 
 
 Section 12.5. Administrative Agent s Reliance . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein or therein as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including its own counsel or counsel for the Borrower or any other Loan Party), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties (a) makes any warranty or representation to any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person, or shall be responsible to any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for any statement, warranty or representation made or deemed made by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Person in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (b) shall have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent under this Agreement or any Loan Document on the part of the Borrower or other Persons, or to inspect the property, books or records of the Borrower or any other Person (c) shall be responsible to any Lender or any Issuing Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any other instrument or document furnished 
 113 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

pursuant thereto or any collateral covered thereby or the perfection or priority of any Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lender Parties in any such collateral (d) shall have any liability in respect of any recitals, statements, certifications, representations or warranties contained in any of the Loan Documents or any other document, instrument, agreement, certificate or statement delivered in connection therewith and (e) shall incur any liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail) believed by it to be genuine and signed, sent or given by the proper party or parties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under the Loan Documents by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such agent or attorney-in-fact as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. 

Section 12.6. Indemnification of Administrative Agent . 

Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) pro rata in accordance with such Lender s respective Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent but not as a Lender) in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents, any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents (collectively, Indemnifiable Amounts provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such Indemnifiable Amounts to the extent resulting from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment provided , further , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Requisite Lenders (or all of the Lenders, if expressly required hereunder) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) promptly upon demand for its Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable reimbursement is sought) of any out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of the counsel to the Administrative Agent) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings, or otherwise) of, or legal advice with respect to the rights or responsibilities of the parties under, the Loan Documents, any suit or action brought by the Administrative Agent to enforce the terms of the Loan Documents and or collect any Obligations, any lender liability suit or claim brought against the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders, and any claim or suit brought against the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders arising under any Environmental Laws. Such out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) shall be advanced by the Lenders on the request of the Administrative Agent notwithstanding any claim or assertion that the Administrative Agent is not entitled to indemnification hereunder upon receipt of an undertaking by the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent will reimburse the Lenders if it is actually and finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent is not so entitled to indemnification. The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. If the Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for any Indemnifiable Amount following payment by any Lender to the Administrative Agent in respect of such Indemnifiable Amount pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall share such reimbursement on a ratable basis with each Lender making any such payment. 
 114 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 12.7. Lender Credit Decision, Etc. 

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks expressly acknowledges and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties has made any representations or warranties to such Issuing Bank or such Lender and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall be deemed to constitute any such representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent to any Issuing Bank or any Lender. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks acknowledges that it has made its own credit and legal analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the Administrative Agent, or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on the financial statements of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the other Subsidiaries and other Affiliates, and inquiries of such Persons, its independent due diligence of the business and affairs of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the other Subsidiaries and other Persons, its review of the Loan Documents, the legal opinions required to be delivered to it hereunder, the advice of its own counsel and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or counsel to the Administrative Agent or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such review, advice, documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to keep itself informed as to the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of the Loan Documents or any other document referred to or provided for therein or to inspect the properties or books of, or make any other investigation of, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to provide any Lender or any Issuing Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Affiliate thereof which may come into possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks acknowledges that the Administrative Agent s legal counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is only acting as counsel to the Administrative Agent and is not acting as counsel to any Lender or any Issuing Bank. 
 
 Section 12.8. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 
 The Administrative Agent may (a) resign at any time as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower or (b) be removed as administrative agent by all of the Lenders (other than the Lenders then acting as Administrative Agent) and, provided no Default or Event of Default exists, the Borrower upon 30 days prior written notice if the Administrative Agent (i) is found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have committed gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of performing its duties hereunder or (ii) has become or is insolvent or has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Requisite Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which appointment shall, provided no Default or Event of Default exists, be subject to the Borrower s approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (except that the Borrower shall, in all events, be deemed to have approved each Lender and any of its Affiliates as a successor Administrative Agent). If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, and shall have accepted such 
 115 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

appointment, within thirty (30) days after (a) the resigning Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation or (b) the Lenders giving of notice of removal, then the resigning or removed Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a Lender, if any Lender shall be willing to serve, and otherwise shall be an Eligible Assignee (but in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender) provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no Lender has accepted such appointment, then such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such applicable notice and (1) the Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly, until such time as a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed as provided for above in this Section provided , further that such Lenders and such Issuing Bank so acting directly shall be and be deemed to be protected by all indemnities and other provisions herein for the benefit and protection of the Administrative Agent as if each such Lender or Issuing Bank were itself the Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the current Administrative Agent, and the resigning or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. Any resignation by, or removal of, an Administrative Agent shall also constitute the resignation as an Issuing Bank and as the Swingline Lender by the Lender then acting as Administrative Agent (the Resigning Lender ). Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder (i) the Resigning Lender shall be discharged from all duties and obligations of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue letters of credit in substitution for all Letters of Credit issued by the Resigning Lender as an Issuing Bank outstanding at the time of such succession (which letters of credit issued in substitutions shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued hereunder) or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Resigning Lender to effectively assume the obligations of the Resigning Lender with respect to such Letters of Credit. After any Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article XII. shall continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may assign its rights and duties under the Loan Documents to any of its Affiliates by giving the Borrower and each Lender prior written notice. 
 
 Section 12.9. Arrangers and Titled Agents . 
 
 The Arrangers, the Syndication Agent and the Co-Documentation Agents, in such capacity, assume no responsibility or obligation hereunder, including, without limitation, for servicing, enforcement or collection of any of the Loans, nor any duties as an agent hereunder for the Lenders. The titles given to the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent and the Co-Documentation Agents are solely honorific and imply no fiduciary responsibility on the part of any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any Co-Documentation Agent to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, the Borrower or any other Loan Party and the use of such titles does not impose on any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any Co-Documentation Agent any duties or obligations greater than those of any other Lender or entitle any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any Co-Documentation Agent to any rights other than those to which any other Lender is entitled. 
 
 Section 12.10. Specified Derivatives Contracts and Specified Cash Management Agreements . 
 
 No Specified Cash Management Bank or Specified Derivatives Provider that obtains the benefits of Section 11.5. by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of any Loan Document other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, 
 116 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Derivatives Contracts unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Derivatives Contracts, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Specified Cash Management Bank or Specified Derivatives Provider, as the case may be. 
 
 Section 12.11. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments 
 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that 
 117 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers nor any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 
 Section 12.12. Release of Guarantors . 
 
 Each of the Lenders hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent shall, release the Guarantor from its Guaranty as, if and when required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 12.13. Collateral Matters . 
 
 (a) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from any Lender, from time to time prior to an Event of Default, to take any action with respect to any Collateral or any Loan Document which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to any of the Loan Documents. 
 
 (b) The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral (i) upon termination of the Commitments and indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full of all of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) as expressly permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document and (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Requisite Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as this Agreement or any other Loan Document may expressly provide). Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any of the Collateral pursuant to this Section. 
 
 (c) Upon any sale and transfer of any Collateral which is expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the benefit of the Lender Parties herein or pursuant hereto upon the Collateral that was sold or transferred provided , however , that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Administrative Agent s opinion, would expose the Administrative Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Guaranteed Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party in respect of) all interests retained by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, including, without limitation, the proceeds of such sale or transfer, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. In the event of any sale or transfer of Collateral, or any foreclosure with respect to any of the Collateral, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to deduct all of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Administrative Agent from the proceeds of any such sale, transfer or foreclosure. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender Party or to any other Person to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary or is cared for, protected or insured or that the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent herein or pursuant hereto have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise or to continue exercising at all or in any manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity any of the rights, 
 118 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

authorities and powers granted or available to the Administrative Agent in this Section or in any of the Loan Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Administrative Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, and that the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to the Lenders, except to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from its gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 (e) By their acceptance of the benefits of the Security Documents, each Lender that is at any time itself a Specified Derivatives Provider, or having an Affiliate that is a Specified Derivatives Provider, hereby, for itself, and on behalf of any such Affiliate, in its capacity as a Specified Derivatives Provider, irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent as its collateral agent, to take such action as contractual representative on such Specified Derivatives Provider s behalf and to exercise such powers under the Security Documents as are specifically delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Section 12.13., and any Security Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto provided , that this subsection (e) shall not affect any of the terms of a Specified Derivatives Contract or restrict a Specified Derivatives Provider from taking any action permitted by a Specified Derivatives Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, all references in this Section 12.13. to Lender or Lenders shall be deemed to include each Lender (and Affiliate thereof) in its capacity as a Specified Derivatives Provider. 
 
 Section 12.14. Post-Foreclosure Plans. 
 
 If all or any portion of the Collateral is acquired by the Administrative Agent as a result of a foreclosure or the acceptance of a deed or assignment in lieu of foreclosure, or is retained in satisfaction of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, the title to any such Collateral, or any portion thereof, shall be held in the name of the Administrative Agent or a nominee or Subsidiary of the Administrative Agent, as Administrative Agent , for the ratable benefit of all Lender Parties. The Administrative Agent shall prepare a recommended course of action for such Collateral (a Post-Foreclosure Plan ), which shall be subject to the approval of the Requisite Lenders. In accordance with the approved Post-Foreclosure Plan, the Administrative Agent shall manage, operate, repair, administer, complete, construct, restore or otherwise deal with the Collateral acquired, and shall administer all transactions relating thereto, including, without limitation, employing a management agent, leasing agent and other agents, contractors and employees, including agents for the sale of such Collateral, and the collecting of rents and other sums from such Collateral and paying the expenses of such Collateral. Actions taken by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Collateral, which are not specifically provided for in the approved Post-Foreclosure Plan or reasonably incidental thereto, shall require the written consent of the Requisite Lenders by way of supplement to such Post-Foreclosure Plan. Upon demand therefor from time to time, each Lender will contribute its share (based on its Pro Rata Share) of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the approved Post-Foreclosure Plan in connection with the construction, operation, management, maintenance, leasing and sale of such Collateral. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall render or cause to be rendered to each Lender Party, on a monthly basis, an income and expense statement for such Collateral, and each Lender shall promptly contribute its Pro Rata Share of any operating loss for such Collateral, and such other expenses and operating reserves as the Administrative Agent shall deem reasonably necessary pursuant to and in accordance with the approved Post-Foreclosure Plan. To the extent there is Net Operating Income from such Collateral, the Administrative Agent shall, in accordance with the approved Post-Foreclosure Plan, determine the amount and timing of distributions to the Lender Parties. All such distributions shall be made to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. The Lender Parties acknowledge and agree that if title to any Collateral is obtained by the Administrative Agent or its nominee, such Collateral will not be held as a permanent investment but will be liquidated and the proceeds of such liquidation will be distributed in accordance with Section 11.5. as soon as practicable. The Administrative Agent shall undertake to sell such Collateral, at such price and upon such terms and conditions as the Requisite Lenders reasonably shall determine to be most advantageous to the Lender Parties. Any purchase money mortgage or deed of trust taken in connection with the disposition of such Collateral in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence shall name the Administrative Agent, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, as the beneficiary or mortgagee. In such case, the 
 119 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall enter into an agreement with respect to such purchase money mortgage or deed of trust defining the rights of the Lenders in the same Pro Rata Shares as provided hereunder, which agreement shall be in all material respects similar to this Article XII. insofar as the same is appropriate or applicable. 

Section 12.15. Erroneous Payments . 

(a) Each Lender, each Issuing Bank and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) the Administrative Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or Issuing Bank or any other Person that has received funds from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives any payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 12.15.(a), whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment provided that nothing in this Section shall require the Administrative Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such occurrence. 

(c) In the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and upon demand from the Administrative Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 
 120 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and upon the Administrative Agent s written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class to the Administrative Agent or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent s applicable lending affiliate in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by the Administrative Agent or its applicable lending affiliate as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause (d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 13.5. and (3) the Administrative Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person. 
 
 (e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient with respect to such amount and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 12.15. or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. 
 
 (f) Each party s obligations under this Section 12.15. shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 
 (g) Nothing in this Section 12.15. will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of the Administrative Agent hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII. MISCELLANEOUS 
 121 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 13.1. Notices . 
 
 Unless otherwise provided herein (including without limitation as provided in Section 9.5.), communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, emailed, telecopied, or delivered as follows 
 
 If to the Borrower 
 NetSTREIT, L.P. 
 5910 North Central Expressway 
 Suite 1600 
 Dallas, Texas 75206 
 
 and 
 
 Attention Kirk Klatt 
 Telecopy Number 972-656-6077 
 Telephone Number 972-656-6066 
 Email kirk.klatt eba-us.com 
 
 If to the Administrative Agent 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association REIT Finance Group 
 550 South Tryon Street, 14th Floor 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 
 Attn Terrance Alewine 
 Telephone 704-410-2034 
 Email Terrance.Alewine wellsfargo.com 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association REIT Finance Group 
 550 South Tryon Street, 21st Floor 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 
 Attn Lindsey Hucks 
 Telephone 704-410-6810 
 Email lindsey.hucks wellsfargo.com 
 
 with a copy to 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 REIT Finance Group, Commercial Real Estate 
 10 South Wacker Drive, 32nd floor 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 Attn Scott Solis 
 Telephone 312-269-4818 Email scott.s.solis wellsfargo.com 

If to the Administrative Agent under Article II. 
 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 122 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

600 South 4th Street, 9th Floor Minneapolis, MN 55415 
 Attn David DeAngelis 
 Telecopier 866-595-7861 
 Telephone 612-667-4773 
 Email david.r.deangelis wellsfargo.com 

If to any other Lender or Issuing Bank 
 
 To such Lender s address or telecopy number as set forth in the applicable Administrative Questionnaire 
 
 or, as to each party at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties delivered in compliance with this Section provided , a Lender or any Issuing Bank shall only be required to give notice of any such other address to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. All such notices and other communications shall be effective (i) if mailed, upon the first to occur of receipt or the expiration of three (3) days after the deposit in the United States Postal Service mail, postage prepaid and addressed to the address of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and Lenders at the addresses specified (ii) if telecopied, when transmitted (iii) if hand delivered or sent by overnight courier, when delivered or (iv) if delivered in accordance with Section 9.5. to the extent applicable provided , however , that, in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), non-receipt of any communication as of the result of any change of address of which the sending party was not notified or as the result of a refusal to accept delivery shall be deemed receipt of such communication. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, all notices or communications to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender under Article II. shall be effective only when actually received. None of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender shall incur any liability to any Loan Party (nor shall the Administrative Agent incur any liability to the Issuing Banks or the Lenders) for acting upon any telephonic notice referred to in this Agreement which the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, as the case may be, believes in good faith to have been given by a Person authorized to deliver such notice or for otherwise acting in good faith hereunder. Failure of a Person designated to get a copy of a notice to receive such copy shall not affect the validity of notice properly given to another Person. 
 
 Section 13.2. Expenses . 
 
 The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, any of the Loan Documents (including due diligence expenses and reasonable travel expenses related to closing), and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and, if necessary, of local counsel for the Administrative Agent in each relevant jurisdiction and all costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the use of a Platform in connection with the Loan Documents and of the Administrative Agent in connection with the review of Properties for inclusion in calculations of the Unencumbered Asset Value and the Administrative Agent s other activities under Article IV. and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent relating to all such activities, (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders for all their reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement or preservation of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any workout or restructuring in respect of the Obligations and during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including the reasonable fees and disbursements of each of their respective counsel and any payments in indemnification or otherwise payable by the Lenders to the 
 123 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Administrative Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents, and (c) to the extent not already covered by any of the preceding subsections, to pay or reimburse the fees and disbursements of counsel (subject to the same limitations set forth in the proviso to clause (b) above) to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender incurred in connection with the representation of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender in any matter relating to or arising out of any bankruptcy or other proceeding of the type described in Sections 11.1.(e) or 11.1.(f), including, without limitation (i) any motion for relief from any stay or similar order, (ii) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of any document relating to the Obligations and (iii) the negotiation and preparation of any debtor-in-possession financing or any plan of reorganization of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, whether proposed by the Borrower, such Loan Party, the Lenders or any other Person, and whether such fees and expenses are incurred prior to, during or after the commencement of such proceeding or the confirmation or conclusion of any such proceeding. If the Borrower shall fail to pay any amounts required to be paid by it pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders may pay such amounts on behalf of the Borrower and such amounts shall be deemed to be Obligations owing hereunder. This Section 13.2. shall not apply to Taxes. 

Section 13.3. Setoff . 
 
 Subject to Section 3.3. and in addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Lender, each Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, and each Participant, at any time or from time to time while an Event of Default exists, without notice to the Borrower or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, but in the case of any Issuing Bank, a Lender, an Affiliate of any Issuing Bank or a Lender, or a Participant, subject to receipt of the prior written consent of the Requisite Lenders exercised in their sole discretion, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including, but not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, such Lender, any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, or such Participant, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against and on account of any of the Obligations, irrespective of whether or not any or all of the Loans and all other Obligations have been declared to be, or have otherwise become, due and payable as permitted by Section 11.2., and although such Obligations shall be contingent or unmatured. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, if any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.9. and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders and (y) such Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. 

Section 13.4. Litigation Jurisdiction Other Matters Waivers . 

(a) EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY BETWEEN OR AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OF THE LENDERS WOULD BE BASED ON DIFFICULT AND COMPLEX ISSUES OF LAW AND FACT AND WOULD RESULT IN DELAY AND EXPENSE TO THE PARTIES. ACCORDINGLY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE LENDERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING BANKS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR NATURE IN ANY COURT OR TRIBUNAL IN WHICH AN ACTION MAY BE 
 124 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

COMMENCED BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY COLLATERAL OR ANY LIEN OR BY REASON OF ANY OTHER SUIT, CAUSE OF ACTION OR DISPUTE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN OR AMONG THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OF THE LENDERS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

(b) THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE ISSUING BANK, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL, NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE ISSUING BANK MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE COLLATERAL AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY FURTHER WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM AND EACH AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME. THE CHOICE OF FORUM SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO PRECLUDE THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING BANK OR ANY LENDER OR THE ENFORCEMENT BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING BANK OR ANY LENDER OF ANY JUDGMENT OBTAINED IN SUCH FORUM IN ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION. 
 
 (c) EACH OF THE PARENT AND THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS ISSUED THEREIN, AND AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO THE PARENT OR THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES PROVIDED FOR HEREIN. SHOULD THE PARENT OR THE BORROWER FAIL TO APPEAR OR ANSWER ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS SO SERVED WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE MAILING THEREOF, THE PARENT OR THE BORROWER SHALL BE DEEMED IN DEFAULT AND AN ORDER AND OR JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED AGAINST IT AS DEMANDED OR PRAYED FOR IN SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS. 
 
 (d) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION HAVE BEEN CONSIDERED BY EACH PARTY WITH THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL AND WITH A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF THE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES THEREOF, AND SHALL SURVIVE THE PAYMENT OF THE LOANS AND ALL 
 125 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

OTHER AMOUNTS PAYABLE HEREUNDER OR UNDER THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF ALL LETTERS OF CREDIT AND THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

Section 13.5. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following subsection (b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of the immediately following subsection (d) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of the immediately following subsection (e) (and, subject to the last sentence of the immediately following subsection (b), any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in the immediately following subsection (d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 
 (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of an assigning Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment and or the Loans at the time owing to it, or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in the immediately following clause (B) in the aggregate, or in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of an assigning Term Loan Lender s Term Loans at the time owing to it, or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 
 (B) in any case not described in the immediately preceding subsection (A), the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Revolving Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, and the principal outstanding balance of the Term Loan subject to such assignment (in each case, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 5,000,000 in the case of any assignment of a Revolving Commitment and 1,000,000 in the case of any assignment in respect of a Term Loan, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that if, after giving effect to such assignment, the amount of 
 126 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

the Commitment held by such assigning Lender or the outstanding principal balance of the Loans of such assigning Lender, as applicable, would be less than 5,000,000 in the case of a Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loans or 1,000,000 in the case of a Term Loan, then such assigning Lender shall assign the entire amount of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it. 
 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Revolving Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations in respect of the Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments, on the one hand, or the Term Loans, on the other hand, on a non-rata basis. 
 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by clause (i)(B) of this subsection (b) and, in addition 
 
 (A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Default or Event of Default exists at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is (I) to a Revolving Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Lender in the case of the Revolving Loans or (II) to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund in the case of the Term Loan provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof provided , further , that the Borrower s consent shall not be required during the primary syndication of the facilities evidenced under this Agreement and 
 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (x) a Revolving Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not already a Lender with a Revolving Commitment, an Affiliate of such a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such a Lender or (y) a Term Loan to a Person who is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and 
 
 (C) the consent of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of a Revolving Commitment. 
 
 (iv) Assignment and Acceptance Notes . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 4,500 (or 7,500 in the event that such transferor Lender is a Defaulting Lender) for each assignment (which fee the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. If requested by the transferor Lender or the assignee, upon the consummation of any assignment, the transferor Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes are issued to the assignee and such transferor Lender, as appropriate. 
 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). 
 127 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 
 
 (vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately following subsection (c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.4., 13.2. and 13.9. and the other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as provided in Section 13.10. with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with the immediately following subsection (d). 
 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Principal Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a holding 
 128 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, any Person that is a Defaulting Lender, or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to (w) increase such Lender s Commitment, (x) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal on the Loans or portions thereof owing to such Lender, (y) reduce the rate at which interest is payable thereon (other than a waiver of default interest and changes in the calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio that may indirectly affect pricing) or (z) release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their Obligations under the Guaranty or the Pledge Agreement, as the case may be, except as contemplated by Section 8.12.(b) or 8.12.(c), in each case, as applicable to that portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations that are subject to the participation. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.10., 5.1., 5.4. (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.10.(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.10.(g) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 5.6. as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 5.1. or 3.10., with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Regulatory Change that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 5.6. with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 13.3. as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 3.3. as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

129 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(f) No Registration . Each Lender agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, it will not make any assignment hereunder in any manner or under any circumstances that would require registration or qualification of, or filings in respect of, any Loan or Note under the Securities Act or any other securities laws of the United States of America or of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (g) USA Patriot Act Notice Compliance . In order for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including without limitation, the Patriot Act, prior to any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America becoming a party hereto, the Administrative Agent may request, and such Lender shall provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other identification information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with federal law. 
 
 Section 13.6. Amendments and Waivers . 
 
 (a) Generally . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, (i) any consent or approval required or permitted by this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than any fee letter solely between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) to be given by the Lenders may be given, (ii) any term of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document may be amended, (iii) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary of any terms of this Agreement or such other Loan Document (other than any fee letter solely between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) may be waived, and (iv) the continuance of any Default or Event of Default may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Requisite Lenders (or the Administrative Agent at the written direction of the Requisite Lenders), and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party which is party thereto. Subject to the immediately following subsection (b), any term of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document relating to the rights or obligations of the Revolving Lenders, and not any other Lenders, may be amended, and the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any such terms may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, and only with, the written consent of the Requisite Revolving Lenders (and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party a party thereto). Subject to the immediately following subsection (b), any term of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document relating to the rights or obligations of the Term Loan Lenders, and not any other Lenders, may be amended, and the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any such terms may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with, but only with, the written consent of the Requisite Term Loan Lenders (and, in the case of an amendment to any Loan Document, the written consent of each Loan Party a party thereto). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section, the Fee Letters may only be amended, and the performance or observance by any Loan Party thereunder may only be waived, in a writing executed by the parties thereto, as applicable. 
 
 (b) Affected Lender Consents . Notwithstanding Section 13.6.(a), no amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 
 (i) increase, extend or reinstate the Commitments of a Lender or subject a Lender to any additional obligations in each case without the written consent of such Lender, or increase the aggregate Commitments except as contemplated pursuant to Section 2.17. 
 
 (ii) reduce the principal of, or interest that has accrued or the rates of interest that will be charged on the outstanding principal amount of, any Loans or other Obligations without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby provided , however , only the written 
 130 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

consent of the Requisite Lenders shall be required for (x) the waiver of interest payable at the Post-Default Rate, retraction of the imposition of interest at the Post-Default Rate and amendment of the definition of Post-Default Rate , or (y) changes to the calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio that may indirectly affect pricing or reduce any fee payable hereunder 
 
 (iii) reduce the amount of any Fees payable to a Lender without the written consent of such Lender 
 
 (iv) modify the definitions of Revolving Termination Date (except in accordance with Section 2.14.) or Revolving Commitment Percentage , otherwise postpone any date fixed for, or forgive, any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Revolving Loans or for the payment of Fees or any other Obligations owing to the Revolving Lenders, or extend the expiration date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Revolving Termination Date, in each case, without the written consent of each Revolving Lender 
 (v) modify the definition of Term Loan Maturity Date , or otherwise postpone any date fixed for, or forgive, any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Term Loans or for the payment of Fees or any other Obligations owing to the Term Loan Lenders, in each case, without the written consent of each Term Loan Lender 
 (vi) while any Term Loans remain outstanding, (A) amend, modify or waive Section 6.2. or any other provision of this Agreement if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver is to require the Revolving Lenders to make Revolving Loans when such Lenders would not otherwise be required to do so, (B) change the amount of the Swingline Commitment or (C) change the L C Commitment Amount, in each case, without the written consent of the Requisite Revolving Lenders 
 (vii) modify the definition of Pro Rata Share or amend or otherwise modify the provisions of Section 3.2., Section 3.3. or Section 11.5. without the written consent of each Lender 
 (viii) amend this Section or amend the definitions of the terms used in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents insofar as such definitions affect the substance of this Section without the written consent of each Lender 
 (ix) modify the definition of the term Requisite Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Lender 
 (x) modify the definition of the term Requisite Revolving Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Revolving Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Revolving Lender 
 
 (xi) modify the definition of the term Requisite Term Loan Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Term Loan Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof without the written consent of each Term Loan Lender 
 
 (xii) release any Guarantor from its obligations under the applicable Guaranty (except as contemplated by Sections 8.10.(b), 8.12.(b) or 8.12.(c), as applicable), without the written consent of each Lender 
 
 131 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(xiii) release or dispose of all or substantially all of the value of the Collateral unless released or disposed of as permitted by, and in accordance with, Section 8.10.(b), 8.12.(c) or Section 12.13.(b) without the written consent of each Lender or 
 
 (xiv) amend, or waive the Borrower s compliance with, Section 2.16. without the written consent of each Lender 
 
 it being understood and agreed that the consent of the Requisite Lenders is not also necessary for the amendments approved by all affected Lenders pursuant to this clause (b). 
 
 (c) Amendment of Administrative Agent s Duties, Etc. No amendment, waiver or consent unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, shall affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Any amendment, waiver or consent relating to Section 2.5. or the obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, require the written consent of the Swingline Lender. Any amendment, waiver or consent relating to Section 2.4. or the obligations of any Issuing Bank under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, require the written consent of such Issuing Bank. Any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to any Loan Document that (i) diminishes the rights of a Specified Derivatives Provider or a Specified Cash Management Bank in a manner or to an extent dissimilar to that affecting the Lenders or (ii) increases the liabilities or obligations of a Specified Derivatives Provider or a Specified Cash Management Bank shall, in addition to the Lenders required hereinabove to take such action, require the consent of the Lender that is (or having an Affiliate that is) such Specified Derivatives Provider or such Specified Cash Management Bank, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitments of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased, reinstated or extended without the written consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the written consent of such Defaulting Lender. No waiver shall extend to or affect any obligation not expressly waived or impair any right consequent thereon and any amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose set forth therein. No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise be prejudicial thereto. Any Event of Default occurring hereunder shall continue to exist until such time as such Event of Default is waived in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section, notwithstanding any attempted cure or other action by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Person subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default. Except as otherwise explicitly provided for herein or in any other Loan Document, no notice to or demand upon the Borrower shall entitle the Borrower to other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
 
 (d) Technical Amendments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.6., if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified an ambiguity, omission, mistake or defect in any provision of this Agreement or an inconsistency between provisions of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision or provisions to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency so long as to do so would not adversely affect the interests of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks. Any such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly make a copy of such Amendment available to the Lenders. 
 
 132 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

(e) Replacement Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.6., the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without the consent of any Lender (but subject to the absence of objection by Requisite Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 5.9.), enter into amendments or modifications to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to enter into additional Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent reasonably deems appropriate in order to implement any Benchmark Replacement or otherwise effectuate the terms of Section 5.9. in accordance with the terms of Section 5.9. 

Section 13.7. Nonliability of Administrative Agent and Lenders . 
 
 The relationship between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent, on the other hand, shall be solely that of borrower and lender. None of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower and no provision in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents, and no course of dealing between or among any of the parties hereto, shall be deemed to create any fiduciary duty owing by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any Lender, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party. None of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower s business or operations. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 13.8. Confidentiality . 
 
 The Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender shall maintain the confidentiality of all Information (as defined below) but in any event may make disclosure (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates other respective Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential) (b) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any actual or proposed assignee, Participant or other transferee in connection with a potential transfer of any Commitment or Loan or participation therein as permitted hereunder, or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative 
 133 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations (c) as required or requested by any Governmental Authority or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process or in connection with any legal proceedings, or as otherwise required by Applicable Law (in which case, the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, as applicable, shall, to the extent such disclosure is permitted by Applicable Law and reasonably practicable, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof, to the extent reasonably practicable and, otherwise promptly thereafter) (d) to the Administrative Agent s, such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s independent auditors and other professional advisors (provided they shall be notified of the confidential nature of the information) (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under any Loan Document (or any Specified Derivatives Contract or Specified Cash Management Agreement) or any action or proceeding relating to any Loan Document (or any Specified Derivatives Contract or Specified Cash Management Agreement) or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder (f) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section actually known by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender to be a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower (g) to the extent requested by, or required to be disclosed to, any nationally recognized rating agency or regulatory or similar authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) having or purporting to have jurisdiction over it (h) to bank trade publications, such information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications (i) to any other party hereto (j) on a confidential basis to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Loan Documents (k) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense and (l) with the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender may disclose any such confidential information, without notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, to Governmental Authorities in connection with any regulatory examination of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender or in accordance with the regulatory compliance policy of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender. As used in this Section, the term Information means all information received from the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or Affiliate relating to any Loan Party or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or any Affiliate, provided that, in the case of any such information received from the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any other Subsidiary or any Affiliate after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

Section 13.9. Indemnification . 

(a) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Issuing Bank, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnified Party against, and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from, and shall pay or reimburse any such Indemnified Party for, any and all losses, claims (including without limitation, Environmental Claims), damages, liabilities and related expenses (including without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for any Indemnified Party, incurred by any Indemnified Party or asserted against any Indemnified Party by any Person (including the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary) other than such Indemnified Party and its Related Parties, arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed 
 134 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, or any Environmental Claim related in any way to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (an Indemnity Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, and regardless of whether any Indemnified Party is a party thereto, or (v) any claim (including without limitation, any Environmental Claims), investigation, litigation or other proceeding (whether or not the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender is a party thereto) and the prosecution and defense thereof, arising out of or in any way connected with the Loans, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys and consultant s fees provided , however , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnified Party, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party to its Affiliates. 
 
 (b) If and to the extent that the obligations of the Borrower under this Section are unenforceable for any reason, the Borrower hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations which is permissible under Applicable Law. 
 
 (c) The Borrower s obligations under this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the payment in full in cash of the Obligations, and are in addition to, and not in substitution of, any of the other obligations set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 
 (d) This Section 13.9. shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 
 References in this Section 13.9. to Lender or Lenders shall be deemed to include such Persons (and their Affiliates) in their capacity as Specified Derivatives Providers and Specified Cash Management Banks, as applicable. 
 
 Section 13.10. Termination Survival . 
 
 This Agreement shall terminate at such time as (a) all of the Commitments have been terminated, (b) all Letters of Credit have terminated or expired or been canceled (other than Extended Letters of Credit in respect of which the Borrower has satisfied the requirements to provide Cash Collateral as required in Section 2.4.(b)), (c) none of the Lenders is obligated any longer under this Agreement to make any Loans and no Issuing Bank is obligated any longer under this Agreement to issue Letters of Credit and (d) all Obligations (other than obligations which survive as provided in the following sentence) have been paid and satisfied in full. The indemnities to which the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders are entitled under the provisions of Sections 3.10., 5.1., 5.4., 12.6., 13.2. and 13.9. and any other provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the provisions of Section 13.4., shall continue in full force and effect and shall protect the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders (i) notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, or of the other Loan Documents, against events arising after such termination as well as before and (ii) at all times after any such party ceases to be a party to this Agreement with respect to all matters and events existing on or prior to the date such party ceased to be a party to this Agreement. 
 135 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

Section 13.11. Severability of Provisions . 
 
 If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed from the Loan Documents, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force as though the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been part of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 13.12. GOVERNING LAW . 
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED, AND TO BE FULLY PERFORMED, IN SUCH STATE. 
 Section 13.13. Counterparts . 
 To facilitate execution, this Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in any number of counterparts as may be convenient or required (which may be effectively delivered by facsimile, in portable document format PDF or other similar electronic means). It shall not be necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single document. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this document to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. 
 Section 13.14. Obligations with Respect to Loan Parties and Subsidiaries . 
 The obligations of the Borrower to direct or prohibit the taking of certain actions by the other Loan Parties and Subsidiaries as specified herein shall be absolute and not subject to any defense the Borrower may have that the Borrower does not control such Loan Parties or Subsidiaries. 
 Section 13.15. Independence of Covenants . 
 All covenants hereunder shall be given in any jurisdiction independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists. 
 Section 13.16. Limitation of Liability . 
 
 None of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender, or any of their respective Related Parties shall have any liability with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue any of them upon, any claim for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages suffered or incurred by the Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 13.17. Entire Agreement . 
 
 This Agreement and the other Loan Documents embody the final, entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments, agreements, representations, and 
 136 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements or discussions of the parties hereto. To the extent any term of this Agreement is inconsistent with a term of any other Loan Document to which the parties of this Agreement are party, the term of this Agreement shall control to the extent of such inconsistency. There are no oral agreements among the parties hereto. 
 
 Section 13.18. Construction . 
 The Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Section 13.19. Headings . 
 The paragraph and section headings in this Agreement are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not affect its construction or interpretation. 
 Section 13.20. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 Section 13.21. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 
 
 To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Specified Derivatives Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable 
 137 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 (b) As used in this Section 13.21., the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 (A) BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 (B) Covered Entity means any of the following 
 
 (1) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 
 (2) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 
 (3) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 (C) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 (D) QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12. U.S.C 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 Signatures on Following Pages 

138 
 LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their authorized officers all as of the day and year first above written. 

NETSTREIT, L.P., as the Borrower 
 
 By Name Title 
 
 NETSTREIT CORP., as the Parent 

By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent, as Swingline Lender, as an Issuing Bank and as a Lender 
 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent, as an Issuing Bank and as a Lender 
 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

BANK OF MONTREAL, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

COMERICA BANK, as a Lender 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

LEGAL 4867-4266-3982v.3 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a2001556942_consentx202302.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 KPMG LLP Aon Center Suite 5500 200 E. Randolph Street Chicago, IL 60601-6436 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements Nos. 333-259226 and 333-248239 on Form S-3 and the registration statements Nos. 333-249739 and 333-246385 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules III and IV of NETSTREIT Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

Chicago, Illinois February 23, 2023 

KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ntstformfy22xex311x302xmark.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Mark Manheimer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NETSTREIT Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s MARK MANHEIMER Mark Manheimer President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ntstformfy22xex312x302xlori.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Lori Wittman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NETSTREIT Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s LORI WITTMAN Lori Wittman Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ntstformfy22xex321x906xmark.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NETSTREIT Corp. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 23, 2023 Signed s MARK MANHEIMER Mark Manheimer President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ntstformfy22xex322x906xlori.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NETSTREIT Corp. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 23, 2023 Signed s LORI WITTMAN Lori Wittman Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ntst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ntst-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ntst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ntst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ntst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

