<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1465872_0000950170-23-011050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19267750</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>353232</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1683398</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10309982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2033762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4364806</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011050.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330174545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VANTAGE DRILLING INTERNATIONAL
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001465872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-159299-15
		FILM NUMBER:		23782022

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 309
		STREET 2:		UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 404-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O VANTAGE ENERGY SERVICES, INC.
		STREET 2:		777 POST OAK BOULEVARD, SUITE 440
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OFFSHORE GROUP INVESTMENT Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011050.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 ck0001465872-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o Vantage Energy Services, Inc. , , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, was approximately . The number of the registrant s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of March 27, 2023 is shares. 

Table of Contents 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 8 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 42 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 42 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 42 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 43 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 43 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 43 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 54 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Houston, Texas; PCAOB ID# 
 
 55 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 81 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 81 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 82 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 82 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 83 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 83 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 83 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 83 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 83 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 84 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 86 

SIGNATURES 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 S AFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this Annual Report, including under Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . When used, statements which are not historical in nature, including those containing words such as anticipate, assume, believe, budget, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, would, will, future and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors , under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the following: 
 reduced expenditures by oil and gas exploration and production companies; 

general economic conditions and conditions in the oil and gas industry, including the worldwide supply and demand for oil and gas, and expectations regarding future prices of oil and gas; 

excess supply of drilling units worldwide; 

competition within our industry; 

growing focus on climate change, including regulatory, social and market efforts to address climate change, and its overall impact on the level of investments being directed to fossil fuel exploration and production companies and the associated products or services; 

our current level of indebtedness and the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the near- and long-term; 

epidemics, pandemics, global health crises, or other public health events and concerns, such as the spread and resulting impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effectiveness of associated vaccinations and treatments; 

governmental, tax and environmental regulations and related actions and legal matters, including the actions taken by governments in response to the spread of COVID-19 and its highly contagious variants and sub-lineages, as well as the results and effects of legal proceedings and governmental audits, assessments, orders and investigations; 

volatility in the price of commodities due to actions taken by members of OPEC, OPEC+ and other, oil-exploring countries, with respect to oil production levels and announcements of potential changes in such levels, including the ability of members of OPEC+ to agree on and comply with announced supply limitations; 

the potential for increased production from U.S. shale producers and non-OPEC countries driven by current oil prices, including the effect of such production rates on the overall global oil and gas supply, demand balance and commodity prices; 

termination or renegotiation of our customer contracts, and the invoking of force majeure clauses, including, but not limited to, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

losses on impairment of long-lived assets; 

any non-compliance with the FCPA and any other anti-corruption laws; 

the sufficiency of our internal controls, including exposure arising from the failure to (i) establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, and (ii) fully remediate any material weaknesses identified with respect to such internal controls; 

operating hazards in the offshore drilling industry; 

operations in international markets, including geopolitical, global, regional or local economic and financial market risks and challenges, applicability of foreign laws, including foreign labor and employment laws, foreign tax and customs regimes, and foreign currency exchange rate risk; 

political disturbances, geopolitical instability and tensions, or terrorist attacks, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions, including, but not limited to, Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the Russo-Ukrainian War; 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 adequacy of, or gaps in, insurance coverage upon the occurrence of a catastrophic or other material adverse event; 

effects of new products and new technology on the market; 

the occurrence (or recurrence) of cybersecurity incidents, attacks, intrusions or other breaches to our information technology systems; 

our small number of customers, related concentration and/or the loss of any customers; 

consolidation of our competitors and suppliers; 

termination or renegotiation of vendor contracts; 

changes in the status of pending, or the initiation of new, litigation, claims or proceedings, including our ability to prevail in the defense of any appeal or counterclaim; 

changes in legislation removing or increasing current applicable limitations of liability; 

limited mobility of our drilling units between geographic regions; 

the small size of our fleet and associated vulnerabilities in the case of prolonged downtime of any of our drilling rigs; 

levels of operating and maintenance costs; 

our dependence on key personnel; 

availability of workers and the related labor costs; 

increased costs resulting from supply chain constraints, delays and impediments, including, but not limited to, increases in (i) the costs of obtaining supplies, (ii) labor costs, and (iii) freight, transportation and input costs, among others; 

changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations; 

credit risks of our key customers and other third parties we engage commercially; 

compliance with restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements; 

our recent lack of overall profitability and whether we will generate material revenues or profits in the near- and long-term; 

adverse macroeconomic conditions, including (i) inflationary pressures and potential recessionary conditions, as well as actions taken by central banks and regulators across the world in an attempt to reduce, curtail and address such pressures and conditions, and (ii) the failure in March 2023 of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and the resulting impact on the stability of the global financial markets at large; 

our incorporation under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the limited rights to relief that may be available compared to U.S. law; 

compliance with the Economic Substance Act 2021 (as amended) and the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended), among other legislation enacted in the Cayman Islands and Bermuda; and 

our ability to identify and complete strategic and/or transformational transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and mergers, as well as the impact that such transactions may have on our operations and financial condition. 

Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Any, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future financial condition or results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance, and our actual results and future developments may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Management cautions against putting undue reliance on forward-looking statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or present or prior earnings levels. 
 In addition, each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. We may not update these forward-looking statements, even if our situation changes in the future. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in filings we may make with the SEC, which may be obtained by contacting us or the SEC. These filings are also available through our website at www.vantagedrilling.com or through the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval system EDGAR at www.sec.gov . The contents of our website are not part of this Annual Report. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to the Company, Vantage Drilling International, we, our or us refer to Vantage Drilling International and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to VDI refer to Vantage Drilling International, a Cayman Islands exempted company and the group parent company. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 
 The following terms used in this Annual Report have the following meanings, unless specified elsewhere in this Annual Report: 
 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 

Abbreviation/Acronym 
 
 Definition 

2016 Amended MIP 
 
 The Company's Amended and Restated 2016 Management Incentive Plan 

2016 Term Loan Facility 
 
 The Company's initial term loans in place in connection with the Reorganization Plan 

9.25 First Lien Notes 
 
 The Company's 9.25 Senior Secured First Lien Notes due November 15, 2023 

9.50 First Lien Indenture 
 
 Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2023, by and between VDI, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and first lien collateral agent 

9.50 First Lien Notes 
 
 The Company's 9.50 Senior Secured First Lien Notes due February 15, 2028 

ADES 
 
 ADES International Holding Ltd, an offshore and onshore provider of oil and gas drilling and production services in the Middle East, India and Africa 

ADVantage 
 
 ADVantage Drilling Services SAE, a joint venture owned 51 by the Company and 49 by ADES 

ASC 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification 

ASU 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 

Board of Directors 
 
 The Company's board of directors 

Conversion 
 
 The conversion of all of the Convertible Notes into Ordinary Shares 

Convertible Notes 
 
 The Company's 1 /12 Step-Up Senior Secured Third Lien Convertible Notes due 2030 

COVID-19 
 
 Coronavirus disease 2019, a new strain of coronavirus caused by SARS-CoV-2 

Current Year 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 

DOJ 
 
 U.S. Department of Justice 

Drilling Contract 
 
 The Agreement for the Provision of Drilling Services for the Titanium Explorer, dated February 4, 2009, between PVIS and VDEEP (and subsequently novated to PAI and VDDI) 

EDC 
 
 Emerald Driller Company 

Effective Date 
 
 February 10, 2016, the date the Company emerged from bankruptcy 

EPS 
 
 Earnings per share 

Exchange Act 
 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

FASB 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FCPA 
 
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended 

First Lien Indenture 
 
 First Lien Indenture, dated as of November 30, 2018, by and between Vantage Drilling International and U.S. Bank National Association 

Investment Company Act 
 
 Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 

IRS 
 
 U.S. Internal Revenue Service 

LSTC 
 
 Liabilities Subject to Compromise 

MPD 
 
 Managed pressure drilling 

New Shares 
 
 Shares issued by the reorganized Company 

Non-U.S. Holder 
 
 A beneficial owner of the Ordinary Shares (other than a partnership or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not a U.S. Holder 

Offer 
 
 An offer by the Company to repurchase up to 75.0 million of the 9.25 First Lien Notes 

OPEC 
 
 The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries 

OPEC+ 
 
 The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries plus 10 non-OPEC nations 

Ordinary Shares 
 
 The Company's ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share 

PBGs 
 
 Performance-based restricted stock units 

Petrobras 
 
 Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. 

PIK 
 
 Payment-in-kind 

Previous Year 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2020 

Prior Year 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2021 

QLE 
 
 A qualified liquidity event as defined in the 2016 Amended MIP 

Reorganization Plan 
 
 The Company's pre-packaged plan of reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code 

Restructuring Agreement 
 
 The restructuring support agreement among VDC, VDI and a majority of the Company's secured creditors 

ROU 
 
 Right-of-use 

Russo-Ukrainian War 
 
 The ongoing war resulting from Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 

SEC 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 

Securities Act 
 
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

Tax Election 
 
 Tax election filed with the IRS on January 22, 2020, to allow VDI to be treated as a partnership, rather than a corporation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, with an effective date retroactive to December 9, 2019 

TBGs 
 
 Time-based restricted stock units 

TEV 
 
 Total enterprise value 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 

U.S. 
 
 United States of America 

U.S. GAAP 
 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

U.S. Holder 
 
 A beneficial owner of the Ordinary Shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that was organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source or (iv) a trust, if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes 

USD or 
 
 U.S. Dollar 

VDC 
 
 Vantage Drilling Company, the Company's former parent company 

VDC Note 
 
 A 61.5 million promissory note issued by the Company in favor of VDC 

VDI 
 
 Vantage Drilling International 

VHI 
 
 Vantage Holdings International, a subsidiary of VDI 

VIE 
 
 Variable interest entity 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 P ART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Company 
 Vantage Drilling International, a Cayman Islands exempted company, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively the Company ), is an international offshore drilling company focused on operating a fleet of modern, high specification drilling units. Our principal business is to contract drilling units, related equipment and work crews, primarily on a dayrate basis, to drill oil and gas wells for our customers. Through our fleet of drilling units, we are a provider of offshore contract drilling services to major, national and independent oil and gas companies, focused on international markets. Additionally, for third-party owned drilling units, we provide operational and marketing services for operating and stacked rigs, construction supervision services for rigs that are under construction, and preservation management services for rigs that are stacked. 
 Our Fleet 
 Our business consists of two operating segments: (1) Drilling Services, which includes activities related to owned jackup rigs and drillships; and (2) Managed Services, which consists of activities related to rigs owned by third parties that we manage, support or operate through bareboat charters. 
 Jackups 
 A jackup rig is a mobile, self-elevating drilling platform equipped with legs that are lowered to the ocean floor until a foundation is established for support, at which point the hull is raised out of the water into position to conduct drilling and workover operations. Both of our premium jackup rigs were built at PPL Shipyard in Singapore. The design of our premium jackup rigs is the Baker Marine Pacific Class 375. These units are ultra-premium jackup rigs with independent legs capable of drilling in up to 375 feet of water, a cantilever drilling floor and a total drilling depth capacity of approximately 30,000 feet. 
 Drillships 
 Drillships are self-propelled and suited for drilling in remote locations because of their mobility and large load carrying capacity. While both of our drillships are dynamically positioned and designed for drilling in water depths of up to 12,000 feet, with a total vertical drilling depth capacity of up to 40,000 feet, they are currently equipped to drill in 10,000 feet of water. Each drillship s hull design has a variable deck load in excess of 20,000 tons and measures approximately 781 feet long by 138 feet wide. Both of our drillships were built at Daewoo Shipbuilding Marine Engineering shipyard in South Korea. 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our offshore drilling fleet as of March 13, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Year Built 
 
 Water Depth Rating (feet) 

Drilling Depth Capacity (feet) 

Location 
 
 Status 

Owned Rigs: 

Jackups 

Topaz Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Egypt 
 Operating 

Soehanah 
 
 2007 

375 

30,000 

Indonesia 
 Operating 

Drillships (1) 

Platinum Explorer 
 
 2010 

12,000 

40,000 

India 
 Operating 

Tungsten Explorer 
 
 2013 

12,000 

40,000 

Namibia 
 Operating 

Third Party Owned Rigs: 

Drillships 

Polaris 
 
 2008 

10,000 

37,500 

India 
 
 Operating 

Aquarius 
 
 2008 

10,000 

35,000 

Spain 
 
 Warm stacked 

Capella 
 
 2008 

10,000 

37,500 

Labuan 
 
 Mobilizing 

Jackups 

Emerald Driller 
 
 2008 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

Sapphire Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

Aquamarine Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

(1) The drillships are designed to drill in up to 12,000 feet of water and are currently equipped to drill in 10,000 feet of water. 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes 
 On November 22, 2022, the Company issued a notice of partial redemption to the then existing recordholders (the Notice of Partial Redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes. On February 3, 2023, the Company subsequently issued a notice of full conditional redemption to the then existing recordholders (the Notice of Full Conditional Redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes. The 9.25 First Lien Notes were redeemed in full on March 6, 2023 with proceeds derived from the issuance of the 9.50 First Lien Notes (as discussed below). See Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding the Notice of Partial Redemption. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 
 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering 
 On February 14, 2023, the Company priced an offering of 200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 9.50 First Lien Notes and entered into a purchase agreement with several investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell the 9.50 First Lien Notes (the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering to the purchasers in reliance on an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), Rule 144A and/or Regulation S of the Securities Act. On March 1, 2023, the Company closed the sale of the 9.50 First Lien Notes. See Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 
 Geopolitical and Market Instability Caused by the Ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War, Inflationary Pressures and Other Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Over the past 18 months, global oil prices have experienced a robust recovery resulting in the strongest annual performance (on a price-per-barrel basis) since 2012. During 2022, specifically, Brent crude reached a high of approximately 125.00 per barrel in March 2022 although Brent crude ultimately settled at approximately 85.00 per barrel on the last day of trading in December 2022. While our management anticipates that oil and gas prices will remain elevated in the near-term as compared to prices exhibited during the last five years, price volatility is still expected to continue as a result of, among other factors, (i) adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures, potential recessionary conditions, and supply chain impediments and constraints, (ii) changes in oil and gas inventories, (iii) global market demand, (iv) geopolitical instability, armed conflict and social unrest, including the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War, the associated response undertaken by western nations, such as the implementation, expansion and renewal of broad sanctions, the potential for retaliatory actions on the part of Russia and the overall impact on OPEC+ countries' ability to achieve production targets in the near- and long-term, (v) potential future disagreements among OPEC+ countries regarding the supply of oil, (vi) the potential for increased production and activity from U.S. shale producers and non-OPEC countries driven by the current oil prices, and (vii) the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including the transmission and presence of highly contagious and newly discovered variants, and therefore, the Company cannot predict how long oil and gas prices will remain stable or further increase, if at all, or whether they could reverse course and decline. 
 In particular, the Russo-Ukrainian War has led to, and will likely continue to lead to, geopolitical instability, disruption and volatility in the markets in which we operate. While it is not possible at this time to predict or determine the ultimate consequences of the Russo-Ukrainian War, which could include, among other things, additional sanctions, greater regional instability, embargoes, geopolitical shifts and other material and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions. Such macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and potential recessionary conditions (and actions taken or being contemplated by central banks and regulators in an attempt to reduce, curtail and address such pressures and conditions), changes in energy policy, supply chain constraints and limitations, unpredictable financial markets and currency exchange rates, and hydrocarbon price volatility, are likely to continue for the foreseeable future. To the extent the Russo-Ukrainian War and other adverse macroeconomic conditions, including those set forth above, continue (or exacerbate), it could have a lasting impact in the near- and long-term on the (i) operations and financial condition of our business and the businesses of our critical counterparties and (ii) the global economy (see Risk Factors The ongoing conflict in Ukraine, including the actual (or perceived threat of an) expansion or exacerbation of such conflict, and the actions undertaken by western nations in response to Russia s actions, has created, and could continue to create, significant hydrocarbon price volatility and materially impact the global oil and gas markets for the foreseeable future in Part I, Item 1A . of this Annual Report). 
 While our management is actively monitoring the foregoing events and its associated financial impact on our business, it is uncertain at this time as to the full magnitude that volatile and uncertain oil and gas prices will have on our financial condition and future results of operations. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding 
 On December 6, 2021, VHI, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a certain Share Purchase Agreement (as amended, the EDC Purchase Agreement with ADES Arabia Holding ADES Arabia ), which wholly owns ADES, pursuant to which VHI agreed to sell to ADES Arabia all of the issued and outstanding equity of VHI s wholly owned subsidiary, EDC (the EDC Sale ). EDC is the owner of the following jackup rigs, each of which are currently operating in Qatar and were included within our Drilling Services segment: the Emerald Driller ; the Sapphire Driller ; and the Aquamarine Driller . The EDC Purchase Agreement became effective on December 20, 2021 and the transactions contemplated under the EDC Purchase Agreement closed on May 27, 2022 (the EDC Closing Date ). On the EDC Closing Date, VHI received 170.0 million as purchase price consideration and 30.0 million in certain contract preparation expense reimbursement. In accordance with the terms of the EDC Purchase Agreement, an additional 4.0 million of proceeds was retained in an escrow fund (the Adjustment Escrow Fund as security for potential purchase price adjustments. During the third quarter of 2022, the entirety of the Adjustment Escrow Fund was released to ADES Arabia and a payment of 1.3 million was paid by VHI to ADES Arabia to finalize the purchase price adjustments pursuant to the EDC Purchase Agreement. As a result of these transactions, VHI recognized a net gain of approximately 61.4 million. 
 Simultaneously with the EDC Sale, certain subsidiaries of the Company and ADES entered into three separate support services agreements (collectively, the EDC Support Services Agreements ), pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company agreed to provide, in exchange for customary fees and reimbursements, support services to EDC with respect of the Emerald Driller , Sapphire Driller and Aquamarine Driller for a three-year term. 
 The Company and ADES also entered into an agreement on December 6, 2021 (the Collaboration Agreement to pursue a global strategic alliance to leverage both the EDC Support Services Agreement and ADVantage, the parties existing joint venture in Egypt. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, the parties agreed to collaborate on exploring future commercial and operational opportunities. 
 Tungsten Explorer Contract Award 
 On June 9, 2022, a subsidiary of VDI entered into a drilling services contract with a subsidiary of TotalEnergies (the TotalEnergies Contract in respect of VDI s ultra-deepwater drillship, the Tungsten Explorer . The TotalEnergies Contract contains a minimum term of 225 days, which commenced in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Contractual Arrangements with Advanced Energy Services, S.A.E. 
 On September 22, 2022, three wholly owned subsidiaries of VHI entered into several related agreements with Advanced Energy Services, S.A.E., a subsidiary of ADES ADES SAE and together with ADES Arabia, the ADES Group ), including a (i) secondment agreement, (ii) services agreement and (iii) bareboat charter agreement, in each case to support a drilling campaign that will utilize the Topaz Driller jackup rig (collectively, the ADES Ancillary Agreements ). The ADES Ancillary Agreements generally provide for: (a) reimbursement of loaned employee personnel costs plus a service fee; (b) a fixed fee based on days the rig is drilling; (c) a variable fee based on a percentage of gross margin generated on a monthly basis; and (d) reimbursement for purchases of supplies, equipment and personnel services, and other services provided at the request of ADES SAE. Fees earned in connection with the ADES Ancillary Agreements are included in Reimbursable and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations within the Drilling Services segment as reported in Note 10. Business Segment and Significant Customer Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Ongoing Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The global spread of COVID-19, including its highly contagious variants and sub-lineages, continues to pose significant risks and challenges worldwide, and has caused and continues to cause widespread illness and significant loss of life, leading governments across the world to impose and re-impose severely stringent and extensive limitations on movement and human interaction, with certain countries, including those where we maintain significant operations and derive material revenue, implementing quarantine, testing and vaccination requirements. These governmental reactions to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as changes to and extensions of such approaches, have led to, and continue to result in, uncertain and volatile economic activity worldwide, including within the oil and gas industry and the regions and countries in which we operate. The recent easing of COVID-19 related restrictions in China; (including travel to, from and within China), along with the relatively low immunity rates within the population more generally, could contribute to an increase in the overall rate of infections from (and lead to further variants of) COVID-19. The extent, degree and impact of such increases and the prevalence of new and contagious variants are unknown at this time, but any adverse changes arising from COVID-19 could have a material and adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 While the Company has previously managed, and continues to actively manage, the business in an attempt to mitigate any ongoing and material impact from the spread of COVID-19, management anticipates that our industry, and the world at large, will need to continue to operate in, and further adapt, to the current environment for the foreseeable future. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Strengths 
 We believe our primary competitive strengths include the following: 
 We own and operate a diversified, premium fleet. We have a diversified fleet of four high-specification drilling units that can provide premium drilling services for both shallow water and deepwater applications. We recognize that shallow water and deepwater business cycles may differ, particularly during an industry recovery, and believe our fleet diversity reduces our reliance on any particular market segment. Our fleet currently includes two jackup rigs and two drillships. 
 Jackup rigs. We believe that our ultra-premium jackup rigs compare favorably to the majority of the current global jackup rig fleet, which is primarily comprised of rigs that are older, smaller and less capable due to their reliance on, and utilization of, less modern equipment. Each of our jackup rigs has a water depth capability of 375 feet and drilling depth capability of 30,000 feet. Our jackup rigs are equipped with offline stand-building systems, which provide significant drilling efficiency and have at least a 1.4 million pound hook load, allowing more demanding wells to be drilled. Each of our jackup rigs have (i) a cantilever reach envelop of 75 x 30 feet, which enables each rig to reach more well slots on a platform without requiring a rig move, (ii) a large deck space, (iii) up to 3,749 tons of variable deck-load, allowing more equipment and supplies to be stored on the rig, and (iv) a 120-person accommodation, all of which we believe bring efficiencies, better logistics and significant cost savings to our customers. As a result, we believe our jackups are generally preferred by clients for their superior and more efficient drilling performance, better and more cost-effective logistics, and consistent activity levels. As demonstrated since 2015, clients have shown a preference for modern jackups, such as ours, with global modern jackup utilization rebounding more rapidly than older rigs. 

Drillships. Both of our ultra-deepwater drillships are designed to drill in up to 12,000 feet of water, and one of our drillships has been further upgraded with a hook load of 2.5 million pounds, which further enhances its ability to drill deep, complex and demanding wells. Our drillships are currently equipped with risers to drill in water depths of up to 10,000 feet, which we believe is the optimal specification for the majority of current ultra-deepwater development projects. However, additional risers could be added to drill in water depths of up to 12,000 feet as needed by our clients. Finally, an MPD system has been installed on the Tungsten Explorer drillship, and we have the ability to equip this MPD on our other drillship. Based on our experience, a significant number of the recent and active requirements for floaters are requesting an MPD system (or a subset of an MPD system called Riser Gas Handling). We believe these active, high-specification and upgraded drillships will position us to secure contracts and command premium dayrates in the long-term. 

Our focus on increased efficiency has led to an optimized cost structure. Following the commodity price downturn in 2014, we implemented company-wide cost savings initiatives in an effort to reduce our rig operating expenses and general and administrative expenses through the right sizing of shore-based teams and centralization of shore-based operational support in Dubai near key areas of operation. Further, we have significantly reduced our rig operating cost through nationalization and regionalization of senior offshore positions and active supply chain management. We believe our optimized cost structure is among the best in the industry and provides us with the flexibility to operate across business cycles and will lead to enhanced profitability in the event of a recovery in the offshore drilling industry. 
 
 We are a leading drilling contractor with strong client relationships . We believe that our safety and operational performance, experienced and skilled employees, and modern and highly advanced fleet have produced a track record of high-quality client service and operational safety, efficiency and effectiveness. We have received special recognition from several of our clients for superior drilling services based on key operational metrics, including with respect to safe operations, drilling efficiency, low non-productive time and best contractor performance. 
 We have a proven management team. Our executive team has a strong reputation for sound execution, customer focus and delivering strong financial performance. Our management team has extensive experience in the oilfield services and offshore drilling industries, as well as experience operating in key global offshore development locations, including the Gulf of Mexico, West Africa, the Middle East, Southeast Asia and India, with major international and national oil companies as well as independent exploration and production companies. In addition to the members of the management team, we have highly trained personnel operating and maintaining our rigs. We believe that our team s significant experience, technical expertise and strong client relationships, as well as the functional depth throughout our organization, enhance our ability to deliver superior drilling services to our clients and effectively operate on a global basis. 
 Strategy 
 Our principal business objective is to be the preferred provider of premium offshore drilling rig services to the oil and gas industry. Our operating strategy is designed to enable us to provide high-quality, safe and cost-competitive services, positioning us to benefit 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 from an expected increase in demand for offshore drilling in the current business cycle and to increase our cash flow and profits. Specifically, we expect to achieve our business objectives through the following strategies: 
 Enhanced focus on safety and operational excellence . With cyclical demand for offshore drilling services, excelling in safety and operational ability is a key factor for success. We intend to continue our focus on minimizing safety incidents, while also continually increasing our operational uptime and efficiency. This dual focus is intended to enable us to develop and maintain long-term customer relationships and maximize the utilization of our fleet while also ensuring the safety of our and our customers employees and contractors. We intend to maintain our exemplary safety and operational performance through attentive and engaged leadership, safety and operational management systems, ongoing competency and training programs, appropriate incentive structures at all levels and effective management oversight. 
 Efficiently manage costs to adapt to and withstand a range of market conditions. With a cost-competitive fleet, we believe we are well-positioned to operate across business cycles and achieve enhanced profitability during the recovery in the offshore drilling industry. We have assembled and deployed an active fleet that we believe is at the low end of the cost-of-supply curve through right sizing and centralization of shore-based support, nationalization and regionalization of senior offshore positions, and active supply chain management. We believe these efforts to manage costs will enable us to maintain our industry-leading fleet utilization while generating positive operational cash flows in a cyclical dayrate environment. 
 Maintain high fleet utilization and consistent activity levels to capitalize on customer preferences for active rigs . We enjoy an industry-leading fleet utilization, which serves as a competitive advantage in securing contracts given operators strong preference for rigs with consistent activity levels. Consistent activity helps reduce the uncertainty of any associated costs and preparation time for rigs to undertake new contracts. Each of our drilling rigs are currently contracted. 
 Preserve balance sheet and maintain significant liquidity through business cycles. With approximately 93.3 million cash on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 (including 19.2 million of restricted cash) and no near-term debt maturities, we continue to focus on preservation of liquidity given the volatility of the offshore drilling business. 
 Continue to leverage our efficient operational management platform in order to effectively manage our rigs and the rigs of third parties. Since our emergence from bankruptcy in February of 2016, we have undergone a right sizing of our shore-based and operational management team, and have centralized our operational support base in Dubai, which is central to our areas of operation. In addition, through the use of local and regional offshore personnel, we maintain among the lowest levels of rig operating costs in our industry. These low operating costs, coupled with our active supply chain management, have enabled us to maintain our industry-leading utilization. Furthermore, our efficient platform has positioned us to develop our managed services business, in which we market and operate rigs owned by third parties, including rigs owned by Aquadrill, pursuant to (i) the framework, management, marketing agreements, (as amended from time to time); (ii) other agreements required in various jurisdictions and; (iii) support three jackups owned by EDC, an indirect subsidiary of ADES. 
 We have entered into a bareboat charter agreement with Aquadrill for the Polaris for its contract with ONGC. While the rig is under the bareboat charter agreement, the management agreement is suspended. The terms of the bareboat charter are consistent with the management agreements, resulting in the same financial impact to us had the rig remained under the management agreement. See Contract Backlog below and Backlog under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations . 
 Maintain high-quality asset portfolio with diverse footprint by selectively pursuing acquisitions that we believe align with our operational model and are likely to increase cash flow. Our balanced fleet of jackup rigs and drillships allows us to address the dynamic opportunity set in the offshore drilling industry. We believe the quality of our jackup rig and drillship fleets, combined with our experience in shallow and deepwater markets, position us to compete in various market segments and geographies. We maintain a young fleet with an average age of approximately thirteen years; accordingly, our high-specification assets enable us to capitalize on the bifurcation in utilization levels between modern and older rigs, and to secure contracts with premium dayrates. Additionally, high-specification modern drilling units generally provide superior and more efficient drilling performance, as well as enhanced and more cost-effective logistics. Newer and more modern drilling units are also generally preferred by crews, which makes it easier to hire and retain high-quality operating personnel. As a result, our fleet is well suited to meet the requirements of customers for efficiently drilling complex wells in demanding locations. To maintain our high-quality asset portfolio, we are focused on disciplined investment in our active drilling fleet to maximize our profitability. Additionally, we have invested in MPD technology for the Tungsten Explorer ultra-deepwater drillship, technology which is currently required by a significant number of the tenders in the market and is becoming 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 increasingly prevalent in the industry, making such drillship highly regarded and sought after by customers. We have the ability to equip this MPD system on our other drillships. 
 Our Industry 
 The offshore contract drilling industry provides drilling, workover and well construction services to oil and gas exploration and production companies through the use of mobile offshore drilling units. Offshore drilling rigs are generally marketed on a worldwide basis as rigs can be moved from one region to another. The cost of moving a rig and the availability of rig-moving vessels may cause the supply and demand balance to vary between regions. However, significant variations between regions do not tend to exist long-term because of rig mobility. 
 The offshore drilling market generally consists of shallow water 400 ft.), deepwater (>4,000 ft.) and ultra-deepwater (>7,500 ft.). The global shallow water market is serviced primarily by jackups. 
 Our jackup fleet is focused on the long-legged (>350 ft.) high specification market. The drillships that we operate are focused primarily on the ultra-deepwater segment, but can also operate efficiently and cost effectively in the midwater and deepwater markets. 
 Historically, the offshore drilling industry has been very cyclical with periods of high demand, limited rig supply and high dayrates alternating with periods of low demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates. Periods of low demand and excess rig supply intensify the competition in our industry and often result in some rigs becoming idle for long periods of time. Periods of high demand and limited (or a shortage of) rig supply could result in the reactivation of previously stacked rigs and/or the construction of new rigs, which in turn could lead to excess rig supply. As is common throughout the oilfield services industry, offshore drilling is largely driven by actual or anticipated changes in oil and gas prices and capital spending by companies exploring for and producing oil and gas. 
 In response to the oversupply of drilling rigs which began in 2016, a number of drilling contractors have removed older, less competitive rigs from their fleets by either cold stacking the drilling rigs, repurposing rigs for use in other industries or taking them permanently out of service. In addition to scrapping recycling ), many offshore drillers, including our competitors, with significant levels of debt on their balance sheets have previously completed, or may elect to pursue in the near-term, debt restructurings (see Risk Factors We may not be able to compete effectively against the actions taken by our competitors, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and financial results in Part I, Item 1A . of this Annual Report). These debt restructurings may result in lower cost structures, and additional pressure and incentive to recycle rigs. As drillers emerged from these debt restructurings, consolidation in the industry commenced and it is likely that consolidation will continue, reducing the number of industry participants and lowering cost structures. For further information pertaining to our business and trends in our industry, see Business Outlook under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 In response to both market conditions and excessive levels of idle capacity in recent years, there was intense downward pressure on operating dayrates beginning in 2015 as most drilling contractors had preferred to maintain rigs in an active state to mitigate the risks and costs of stacking and reactivating rigs and to benefit from the fact that customers had generally favored operating rigs over reactivated cold-stacked rigs. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, this downward pressure on pricing was starting to reverse itself as evidenced by increased demand for our services in 2019 and early 2020, and dayrates were showing signs of general improvement. However, beginning in the second quarter of 2020, with the initial onset, continued spread, and resulting impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, dayrates, rig activity and contract opportunities each came under significant pressure again. However, dayrates began showing signs of improvement during 2021, resembling pricing trends exhibited prior to the onset of COVID-19. This trend continued into 2022, with dayrates in certain regions reaching more than 400,000 in respect of drillships and 125,000 in respect of jackup rigs. Therefore, based on the trends exhibited in 2021 and 2022, our industry appears to be in the strongest position since 2015 with utilization expected to continue to tighten and dayrates expected to either remain at existing elevated levels or increase in the near-term. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Customers 
 Our customers are primarily large multinational oil and gas companies, government owned oil and gas companies and independent oil and gas producers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the following customers accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenue, in the respective periods: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Customer 
 
 Segment 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Aquadrill 
 
 Managed Services 

31 

7 

0 

Oil Natural Gas Corporation 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

20 

19 

25 

Belayim Petroleum Company (Petrobel) 
 
 Drilling Services 

10 

1 

5 

Eni S.p.A (1) 
 
 Drilling Services 

15 

27 

10 

North Oil Company 
 
 Drilling Services 

5 

13 

0 

Total E P (2) 
 
 Drilling Services 

1 

6 

31 

Medco EP 
 
 Drilling Services 

6 

0 

12 

(1) Includes Eni Cyprus Limited, Eni Montenegro BV and Eni Congo S.A. 

(2) Includes Total E P Cyprus B.V., Total E P Qatar and Total E P Liban SAL 

Drilling Contracts 
 Our drilling contracts are the result of negotiation with our customers, and most contracts are awarded through competitive bidding against other contractors. Drilling contracts generally provide for payment on a dayrate basis, with higher rates while the drilling unit is operating and lower rates for periods of mobilization or when drilling operations are interrupted or restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse environmental conditions or other conditions beyond our control. Currently all of our drilling contracts are on a dayrate basis. A dayrate drilling contract generally extends over a period of time covering either the drilling of a single well (or group of wells) or covering a stated term. Certain of our contracts with customers may be cancelable at the option of the customer upon payment of an early termination fee. Such payments may not, however, fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Contracts also customarily provide for either automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer typically without the payment of any termination fee, under various circumstances such as non-performance, in the event of extensive downtime or impaired performance caused by equipment or operational issues, or sustained periods of downtime due to force majeure events or for convenience by the customer. Many of these events are beyond our control. The contract term in some instances may be extended by the client exercising options for the drilling of additional wells or for an additional term. Our contracts also typically include a provision that allows the client to extend the contract to finish drilling a well-in-progress. During periods of depressed market conditions, our clients may seek to renegotiate drilling contracts to reduce their obligations or may seek to repudiate their contracts. Suspension of drilling contracts will result in the reduction in or loss of dayrate for the period of the suspension. To the extent (i) our customers cancel some of our contracts and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, (ii) our contracts are suspended for an extended period of time or (iii) a number of our contracts are renegotiated, it could adversely affect our consolidated statements of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning the current contract status of our owned, managed and supported offshore drilling fleet as of March 13, 2023 : 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 

Name 
 
 Region 
 
 Contract End Date 
 
 Customer 

Owned Rigs: 

Topaz Driller (1) 
 
 North Africa 
 
 Q2 2023 
 
 ADES Egypt 

Soehanah 
 
 Southeast Asia 
 
 Q3 2023 
 
 Medco EP 

Platinum Explorer 
 
 Southeast Asia 
 
 Q4 2023 
 
 Oil Natural Gas Corporation 

Tungsten Explorer 
 
 Southern Africa 
 
 Q1 2024 
 
 TotalEnergies 

Third Party Owned Rigs: 

Polaris (2) 
 
 Southeast Asia 
 
 Q3 2023 
 
 Oil Natural Gas Corporation 

Capella 
 
 Southeast Asia 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 Eni 

Emerald Driller 
 
 Qatar 
 
 Q2 2024 
 
 TotalEnergies 

Sapphire Driller 
 
 Qatar 
 
 Q2 2025 
 
 North Oil Company 

Aquamarine Driller 
 
 Qatar 
 
 Q2 2025 
 
 North Oil Company 

(1) Operated by ADES Egypt under a bareboat charter. 

(2) Operated by the Company under a bareboat charter. See Continue to leverage our efficient operational management platform in order to effectively manage our rigs and the rigs of third parties under Strategy above and Contract Backlog (immediately below). 

Contract Backlog 
 As of December 31, 2022, our owned fleet had total drilling contract backlog of approximately 217.2 million (includes 61.2 million for rigs owned by third parties where we enter into contracts directly with customers and lease the rigs through bareboat charters from the rig owners. The terms of the bareboat charters are consistent with the management agreements, resulting in the same financial impact to us had the rigs remained under the management agreements.) We anticipate that approximately 186.2 million of our total contract backlog as of December 31, 2022 will be performed during 2023, with the remainder to be performed in subsequent years. 
 Competition 
 The contract drilling industry is highly competitive. Demand for contract drilling and related services is influenced by several factors, including the current and expected prices of oil and gas and the expenditures of oil and gas companies for exploration and development of oil and gas. In addition, demand for drilling services remains dependent on a variety of political and economic factors beyond our control, including worldwide demand for oil and gas, the ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing, the level of production of non-OPEC countries, including production levels in the U.S. shale plays, and the policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves. 
 Drilling contracts are generally awarded on a competitive bid or negotiated basis. Pricing (dayrate) is often the primary factor in determining which qualified contractor is awarded a job. Rig availability, capabilities, age and each contractor s safety performance record and reputation for quality also can be key factors in the determination. Operators also may consider crew experience, rig location and efficiency. We believe that the market for drilling contracts has tightened and therefore, utilization and day rates are anticipated to remain elevated for the foreseeable future. 
 Our competition ranges from large international companies offering a wide range of drilling and other oilfield services to smaller, locally owned companies. Competition for rigs is usually on a global basis, as these rigs are highly mobile and may be moved, although at a cost that is sometimes substantial, from one region to another in response to demand. 
 Operating Hazards 
 Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the offshore drilling business, including, but not limited to: blowouts, craterings, fires, explosions, equipment failures, loss of well control, loss of hole, damaged or lost equipment and damage or loss from inclement weather or natural disasters. 
 These hazards could cause personal injury or death, serious damage to or destruction of property and equipment, suspension of drilling operations, or damage to the environment, including damage to producing formations and surrounding areas. Generally, we seek to obtain contractual indemnification from our customers for some of these risks. To the extent not transferred to customers by contract, we seek protection against some of these risks through insurance, including property casualty insurance on our rigs and drilling equipment, protection and indemnity, commercial general liability, which has coverage extension for underground resources and equipment coverage, commercial contract indemnity and commercial umbrella insurance. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 There are risks that are outside of our control. Nonetheless, we believe that we are adequately insured for liability and property damage to others with respect to our operations. However, such insurance may not be sufficient to protect us against liability for all consequences of well disasters, extensive fire damage or damage to the environment. For more information regarding the risks related to our insurance policies, see Risk Factors Our business involves numerous operating hazards, and our insurance and contractual indemnity rights may not be adequate to cover our losses in Part I, Item 1A . of this Annual Report. 
 Insurance 
 We maintain insurance coverage that includes coverage for physical damage, third party liability, employer s liability, war risk, general liability, vessel pollution and other coverage. However, our insurance is subject to exclusions and limitations and there is no assurance that such coverage will adequately protect us against liability from all potential consequences and damages. 
 Our primary marine package provides for hull and machinery coverage for our drilling units up to a scheduled value for each asset, which we believe approximates replacement cost. The maximum coverage for our four drilling units is 520.0 million. In addition, we have included Aquadrill owned rigs which are under our management pursuant to the framework, management and marketing agreements in our insurance programs. The policies are subject to certain exclusions, limitations, deductibles and other conditions. Deductibles for physical damage to our jackup rigs and our drillships are 2.5 million and 5.0 million, respectively, per occurrence. Our protection and indemnity policy provides liability coverage limits of 500.0 million per rig. In addition to these policies, we have separate policies providing coverage for onshore general liability, employer s liability, auto liability and non-owned aircraft liability, with customary coverage, limits and deductibles. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 Our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions and are subject to, and affected in varying degrees by, governmental laws and regulations in countries in which we operate, including laws, regulations and duties relating to the importation and exportation of and operation of drilling units and other equipment, currency conversions and repatriation, oil and gas exploration and development, environmental protection, taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel and the use of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors. Governments in some foreign countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions and companies holding concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industries in their countries. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil and gas companies and may continue to do so. Furthermore, these regulations have limited the opportunities for international drilling contractors to participate in tenders for contracts or to perform services in certain countries as the governments have strongly favored local service providers. Operations in less developed countries may be subject to legal systems that are not as predictable as those in more developed countries, which can lead to greater uncertainty in legal matters and proceedings. 
 The shipment of goods, services and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import and export activities are governed by unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. The laws and regulations concerning import and export activity, recordkeeping and reporting, import and export control and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner materially impacting our operations. Governments also may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and other entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities. Shipments can be delayed and denied import or export for a variety of reasons, some of which are outside our control and some of which may result from failure to comply with existing legal and regulatory regimes. Shipping delays or denials could cause unscheduled operational downtime. 
 Governmental and Environmental Regulations 
 For a discussion of the effects of governmental and environmental regulation on our current operations, see Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous governmental laws and regulations, including those that may impose significant costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource damages and Public concern and legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding the risks associated with climate change and the environmental and social impacts of fossil fuel extraction and use, and the growing emphasis by investors on investing in companies that are committed to environmental sustainability, could adversely affect our operations, the demand for oil and gas, our reputation and our access to capital and ability to refinance our debt in Part I, Item 1A . of this Annual Report, all of which is incorporated by reference in its entirety under this section. 
 Generally. Many aspects of our operations are affected by foreign, federal, state and local governmental laws, rules, regulations and policies that may relate directly or indirectly to the contract drilling industry, including those requiring us to control the discharge of oil and other contaminants into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Moreover, with the recent change in administration of the U.S. government, it is likely that new legislation, regulatory enforcement actions and executive orders, which are specifically aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions, or prohibiting, delaying or restricting oil development activities in certain jurisdictions, will be proposed and adopted in the near-term (see Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous governmental laws 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and regulations, including those that may impose significant costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource damages in Part I, Item 1A. of this Annual Report for further information). 
 We have historically conducted work in the Gulf of Mexico and may conduct such work in the future. Although we are not currently conducting any operations under the jurisdiction of U.S. environmental and natural resource agencies, similar restrictions and concerns apply in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate. These requirements and concerns may be more or less stringent than those associated with the following U.S. laws. 
 Heightened and Stringent Environmental Regulations and Laws. Heightened environmental concerns have led to greater and more stringent environmental regulations, laws, initiatives and requirements aimed at protecting the environment, including the imposition of strict liability in certain cases, higher drilling costs, and a more difficult and onerous well permitting process in many jurisdictions throughout the world. Furthermore, a variety of initiatives intended to enhance vessel security have also been adopted in certain jurisdictions where we operate. For example, these initiatives may require the development of vessel security plans and on-board installation of automatic information systems to enhance vessel-to-vessel and vessel-to-shore communications. The application of these requirements or the adoption of new or more stringent requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although significant capital expenditures may be required to comply with these governmental laws, regulations and initiatives, such compliance has thus far not materially adversely affected our earnings or competitive position as of the date of this Annual Report, and we believe that we are currently in compliance in all material respects with the environmental regulations to which we are subject. While we anticipate that we will continue to make expenditures to comply with governmental and environmental requirements, to date, we have not expended material amounts beyond those amounts spent on our basic rig designs in order to comply and we do not believe that our compliance with such requirements will have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations or competitive position or materially increase our capital expenditures. 
 Standards Imposed by MARPOL. The International Maritime Organization (the IMO ), a specialized agency of the United Nations, is responsible for developing measures to improve the safety and security of international shipping and to prevent marine pollution from ships. Among the various international conventions negotiated by the IMO is the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships MARPOL ). MARPOL imposes environmental standards on the shipping industry relating to oil spills, management of garbage, the handling and disposal of noxious liquids, harmful substances in packaged forms, sewage and air emissions. Annex VI to MARPOL Annex IV sets limits on sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from ship exhausts and prohibits deliberate emissions of ozone depleting substances. Annex VI also imposes a global cap on the sulfur content of fuel oil and allows for specialized areas to be established internationally with more stringent controls on sulfur emissions. For vessels 400 gross tons and greater, platforms and drilling units, Annex VI imposes various survey and certification requirements. For this purpose, gross tonnage is based on the International Tonnage Certificate for the vessel. The United States has ratified Annex VI. In addition, any drilling units we operate internationally are subject to the requirements of Annex VI in those countries that have implemented its provisions. We believe the drilling units we currently offer for international projects comply with Annex VI, but changes to our equipment and ratifying countries regulatory interpretations of the Annex VI requirements could impose additional costs on us, which could be significant. 
 Requirements Set Forth in the Economic Substance Act 2021 (as amended) of Cayman Islands and the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda. Pursuant to the Economic Substance Act 2021 (as amended) of Cayman Islands and the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda (collectively, the ES Acts ), a registered entity (other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside the Cayman Islands or Bermuda) that carries on as a business any one or more of the relevant activities referred to in the ES Acts must comply with economic substance requirements. In particular, the ES Acts could require covered entities to maintain an adequate level of qualified employees in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, incur an adequate level of annual expenditure in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, maintain physical offices and premises in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, or perform core income-generating activities in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda. The list of relevant activities includes carrying on any one (or more) of the following activities: banking; insurance; fund management; financing; leasing; headquarters; shipping; distribution and service centers; intellectual property; and holding entities. The ES Acts could additionally substantially affect the way we operate our business, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Human Capital 
 Employees and Reporting 
 As of December 31, 2022, we managed a workforce consisting of approximately 900 employees worldwide, of which approximately 500 were our direct employees. We report on a monthly basis to senior management on headcount, recruitment, compensation, competency and attrition. We also report human capital-related data to the Board of Directors on a quarterly or on an as required basis. 
 Diversity 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The diversity of our workforce is a core part of who we are, and this diversity permeates throughout the organization. As of December 31, 2022, in our shore-based employee population, our personnel represent 26 different nationalities, with approximately 60 coming from Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. Furthermore, approximately 27 of our shore-based employees are women. With regard to our offshore workforce, our employees represent 37 different nationalities, with more than 55 coming from Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. Likewise, our management team also has representation from 19 different nationalities. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We believe we offer market competitive compensation as well as an attractive benefits package. We are dedicated to hiring and building a strong diverse team offering equal opportunities to realize and develop our team s full potential. 
 People Development 
 We develop and grow our personnel with zero discrimination and strive to add value in the jurisdictions and regions in which we operate. We achieve this by (i) creating local employment, (ii) making commitments to training and development, and (iii) where possible, utilizing local supply chains. Our offshore employees have the opportunity to enhance their competence via our Vantage Competency Assurance Program, which includes state of the art rig simulators located on each rig. This supplements our comprehensive onboarding, induction and on and off-the-job training programs. Our key personnel also complete ethics and bribery training on an annual basis. 
 Quality, Health, Safety and Environment 
 We are committed to conducting our activities in a manner that (i) protects and prioritizes the health and safety of all our personnel and (ii) minimizes our environmental footprint in the jurisdictions and regions in which we operate. Our stated vision is to have A Perfect Day Every Day, which includes the paramount objective of having zero incidents in our operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we finished the year with a Lost Time Incident Rate of 0.10 and a Total Recordable Incident Rate of 0.25. We have focused on, and will continue to emphasize, the following goals and priorities, among others, in order to continue the foregoing trends: 
 Providing visible and active leadership that creates a mature safety culture, which preserves the wellbeing of our personnel and their families; 

Continuously improving our world-class Quality, Health, Safety and Environment QHSE management system by continuously measuring and reviewing our overall QHSE performance; 

Reporting and investigating all incidents and implementing the lessons learned from each such incident; 

Complying with, and where feasible, exceeding the requirements of applicable laws and regulations; 

Developing and enhancing our personnel s technical and systems competence; 

Systematically identifying hazards and managing the risks and exposures associated with such hazards to a level considered As Low As Reasonably Practicable (ALARP); 

Caring for and protecting the environment; 

Maintaining the integrity of our assets through professional operations and sound maintenance practices; 

Ensuring all personnel are aware of their obligation to promptly Stop a job if they notice something unsafe; and 

Complying with the principles and intent of the Vantage Perfect Day Leadership Foundations. 

Available Information 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through our website at www.vantagedrilling.com as soon as practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC through EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Information contained on or accessible from our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered a part of this Annual Report or any other filing that we make with the SEC. 
 This Annual Report also contains summaries of the terms of certain agreements that we have entered into that are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. The descriptions contained in this Annual Report of those agreements do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the respective definitive agreements. You may request a copy of the agreements described herein at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Vantage Drilling International, Attention: General Counsel, c/o Vantage Energy Services, Inc., 777 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 440, Houston, Texas 77056, phone number (281) 404-4700. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 You can also obtain copies of any of the agreements that are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report from the SEC through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 Item 1A. 	Risk Factors. 
 There are numerous factors that affect our business and operating results, many of which are beyond our control. Immediately below is a summary of the principal factors that might cause our future operating results to differ materially from those currently expected. The risk factors summarized below are not the only risks facing us. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in the Risk Factor Summary, as well as other risks that may affect our business and operating results, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors, and should be carefully considered and evaluated before making an investment decision regarding our business. Moreover, additional risks and uncertainties not specified herein, not currently known to us or currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial position, operating results or cash flows. 
 Risk Factor Summary: 
 Risks Related to the Operation of our Business: 
 given the size of our fleet, we are vulnerable to the effects of extended and prolonged downtime of any of our drilling rigs; 

a small number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these customers, including as a result of any merger, acquisition, disposition or consolidation undertaken by any such customer, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; 

low prices for oil and gas may reduce demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability; 

our drilling contracts are generally short-term in duration, and we could experience reduced profitability if customers reduce activity levels or if we otherwise fail to secure new drilling contracts or extend existing contracts upon their termination; 

our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations; 

public concern and legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding the risks associated with climate change and the environmental and social impacts of fossil fuel extraction and use, and the growing emphasis by investors on investing in companies that are committed to environmental sustainability, could adversely affect our operations, the demand for oil and gas, our reputation and our access to capital and ability to refinance our debt; 

our long-term contracts are subject to the risk of cost increases and variability, which could adversely impact our short- and long-term profitability; 

we may be required to make substantial capital and operating expenditures to maintain and upgrade our fleet to maintain our competitiveness and to comply with laws and the applicable regulations and standards of governmental authorities and organizations; 

our business involves numerous operating hazards, and our insurance and contractual indemnity rights may not be adequate to cover our losses associated with such operating hazards; 

epidemics, pandemics, global health crises, or other public health events and concerns, including, but not limited to, the continued global spread of COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows; 

the international nature of our operations creates additional political, economic, legal and other uncertainties not generally associated with domestic operations; 

we are subject to litigation and other disputes that could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition; 

a low amount of, or reduction in, expenditures by oil and gas exploration and production companies, a decrease in demand for oil and gas, or other related factors, could materially and adversely affect our business; 

the concentration of revenue with a small number of customers also exposes us to credit risk of these customers for non-payment or contract termination; 

failure to employ a sufficient number of skilled workers or an increase in labor costs could materially and adversely impact our operations; 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 there may be limits to our ability to mobilize drilling units between geographic markets and the time and costs of such drilling unit mobilizations may be material to our business; 

construction projects are subject to risks, including delays and cost overruns, which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations; 

our information technology systems, as well as those of our service and equipment providers and other persons that we engage, are subject to cybersecurity risks and threats; 

the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, including the actual (or perceived threat of an) expansion or exacerbation of such conflict, and the actions undertaken by western nations in response to Russia s actions, has created, and could continue to create, significant hydrocarbon price volatility and materially impact the global oil and gas markets for the foreseeable future; 

we may engage in certain strategic or transformational transactions in the future, including acquisitions, dispositions, mergers and joint ventures, any of which could affect the value or type of our assets and overall financial condition; 

Risks Related to Governmental Regulations and Laws: 
 our business is subject to numerous governmental laws and regulations, including those that may impose significant costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource damages; 

because VDI is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, stakeholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited; 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition and Taxes: 
 material and adverse developments impacting the financial services industry at large, including the occurrence of actual (or widespread concerns regarding the potential occurrence of) defaults, illiquidity, operational failures and non-performance by financial institutions and critical counterparties, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

we are exposed to potential risks from the requirement that we evaluate our internal controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ), and if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results, financial condition and ability to operate our business could be materially and adversely affected; 

changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, effective tax rates and adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our tax returns could adversely affect our financial results; and 

distributions made by VDI may reduce a U.S. Holder s tax basis in the Ordinary Shares, and therefore, U.S. Holders may realize a greater gain on the disposition of their Ordinary Shares than they otherwise may expect, and may have a tax gain even if the price they receive in a disposition of their Ordinary Shares is less than their original tax basis . 

Risk Factors: 
 Risks Related to Operations of our Business 
 The size of our fleet makes us vulnerable to the effects of prolonged downtime of any of our drilling rigs . 
 Our financial condition is substantially dependent on the continued and effective performance of our existing fleet of drilling rigs, all of which were operational during the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, given the small size of our fleet, the continued and ongoing operational performance of our rigs is critical to our business and makes us vulnerable to extended and ongoing downtime. Any downtime or suspension of operations of our fleet, including as a result of, among other factors, equipment breakdowns, repairs and maintenance, supply chain constraints and related supply shortages, labor strikes and other work stoppages, shortages of material and skilled labor, surveys by government and maritime authorities, periodic classification surveys, severe weather or harsh operating conditions, force majeure events and COVID-19-related delays, could have a material and adverse effect on our profitability and ability to generate revenue. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, our contracts may permit customers to terminate contracts early without the payment of any termination fees, including as a result of non-performance, periods of downtime and impaired performance arising from equipment and/or operational issues, and sustained periods of downtime in connection with force majeure events. Additionally, disruptions to or restrictions on the ability of our suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to supply parts, equipment or services in the jurisdictions in which we operate, whether as a result of government actions, labor shortages, the inability to source parts or equipment from affected locations, or other effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic, may have significant and adverse consequences 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 on our ability to meet our commitments to customers, including by increasing our operating costs and increasing the risk of rig downtime, which could in turn result in contract delays or terminations. Moreover, certain customers may have special termination rights afforded under local law. Therefore, during periods of challenging market conditions that lead to extended downtime, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers seeking to repudiate their contracts. Our customers could seek to renegotiate their contracts with us by threatening breaches of contract and applying commercial pressure, any of which could result in lower revenue or the cancellation of contracts with or without any applicable early termination payments. 
 We may experience downtime as a result of repairs or maintenance, human error, defective or failed equipment, or delays waiting for replacement parts. 
 Our operations may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, human error, abnormal operating conditions, failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services, delays on replacement parts or personnel shortages, which may cause us to experience operational downtime and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 A small number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these customers could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The concentration of revenue with a small number of customers also exposes us to credit risk of these customers for non-payment or contract termination. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a few customers. Four customers accounted for approximately 76 of our revenue during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if any one of these customers interrupts or curtails their activities, fails to pay for the services that have been performed, terminates their contracts, fails to renew their existing contracts or refuses to award new contracts and we are unable to enter into contracts with new customers on comparable terms. 
 Low prices for oil and gas may reduce demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. 
 Demand for our services depends on oil and gas industry activity and expenditure levels that are directly affected by trends in oil and gas prices. In addition, demand for our services is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and gas companies. Any prolonged weakness in oil and gas prices could depress the near-term levels of exploration, development and production activity. Perceptions of longer-term lower oil and gas prices by oil and gas companies could similarly reduce or defer major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects. Lower levels of activity result in a corresponding decline in the demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. Additionally, these factors may adversely impact our financial position if they are determined to cause an impairment of our long-lived assets. 
 Our drilling contracts are generally short-term in duration, and we could experience reduced profitability if customers reduce activity levels or if we otherwise fail to secure new drilling contracts or extend existing contracts upon their termination. 
 Many of our drilling contracts are short-term, and oil and gas companies tend to reduce shallow water activity levels quickly in response to downward changes in oil and gas prices. Due to the short-term nature of most of our drilling contracts, a decline in market conditions can quickly and significantly affect our business if customers reduce their levels of operations. We may not be able to secure new contracts for our vessels or extend contracts on favorable terms, if at all, or satisfy any conditions precedent to finalizing any letters of intent or award with respect to our vessels. This could result in one or more of our vessels being idle for an extended period of time, which could adversely affect our profitability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, cyclical and subject to intense price competition. 
 Historically, the offshore contract drilling industry has been cyclical and volatile with periods of high demand, limited supply and high dayrates alternating with fluctuating periods of low demand, excess supply and low dayrates. Many offshore drilling units are highly mobile and our competitors may move drilling units from region to region in response to changes in demand. In addition, excess supply of delivered and new-build rigs continue to have a notable impact on our industry and overall market demand. It is unclear when these new-build drilling rigs will actually be delivered, if at all, as many rig deliveries have (i) already been deferred to later dates, or (ii) been canceled entirely. Periods of low demand and excess supply intensify competition in our industry and often result in some of our drilling units becoming idle for long periods of time. Prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates, or extended idle time, could result in the recognition of impairment charges on our drilling units if cash flow estimates, based upon information made available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of the drilling units may not be recoverable. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may be required to make substantial capital and operating expenditures to maintain and upgrade our fleet to maintain our competitiveness and to comply with laws and the applicable regulations and standards of governmental authorities and organizations, each of which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our business is highly capital intensive and dependent on having sufficient cash flow and or available sources of financing in order to fund capital expenditure requirements. We can provide no assurance that we will have access to adequate or economical sources of capital to fund necessary capital expenditures. Such capital expenditures could increase as a result of changes in, among other things, any of the following: 
 the cost of labor and materials; 

customer requirements; 

fleet size; 

the cost of replacement parts for existing drilling rigs; 

the geographic location of the drilling rigs; 

the length of drilling contracts; 

governmental regulations and maritime self-regulatory organization and technical standards relating to safety, security or the environment; and 

industry standards. 

Changes in offshore drilling technology, customer requirements for new or upgraded equipment and competition within our industry may require us to make significant capital expenditures in order to maintain our competitiveness. In addition, changes in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory organizations, may require us to make additional unforeseen capital expenditures. As a result, we may be required to take our rigs out of service for extended periods of time, with corresponding losses of revenues, in order to make such alterations or to add such equipment. In the future, market conditions may not justify these expenditures or enable us to operate our older rigs profitably during the remainder of their economic lives. 
 In addition, we may require additional capital in the future. If we are unable to fund capital expenditures with our cash flow from operations or sales of non-strategic assets, we may be required to either incur additional borrowings or raise capital through the sale of debt or equity securities. Our ability to access the capital markets may be limited by our financial condition at the time, by certain restrictive covenants under the agreements governing our credit agreement and notes, by changes in laws and regulations or interpretation thereof and by adverse market conditions resulting from, among other things, general economic conditions and contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our control. For example, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022, and the resulting impact of sanctions imposed by western nations against Russia, Russian-backed separatist regions in Ukraine, certain banks, companies, government officials, and other individuals in Russia and Belarus, could adversely impact the global oil and gas markets for the foreseeable future and, in the process, our ability to access additional capital funding sources. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, existing shareholders may experience dilution. Our failure to obtain the funds for necessary future capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our business and on our consolidated statements of financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our long-term contracts are subject to the risk of cost increases and variances, any of which could adversely impact our profitability in both the near- and long-term. 
 The costs to operate our business generally increase as the demand for contract drilling services and skilled labor increases. While some of our contracts include cost escalation provisions that allow changes to our dayrate based on stipulated cost increases or decreases, the timing and amount earned from these dayrate adjustments may cause fluctuations in the costs we actually incur, and many contracts do not allow for such dayrate adjustments. During times of reduced demand, reductions in costs may not be immediately available as portions of the crew may be required to prepare our rigs for stacking, after which time the crew members are assigned to active rigs or dismissed. Moreover, as our rigs are mobilized from one geographic location to another, the labor and other operating and maintenance costs can vary significantly. In periods of increasing activity and when the number of operating units in our areas of operation increases, either because of new construction, re-activation of idle units or the mobilization of units into the region, shortages of qualified personnel could arise, creating upward pressure on wages and difficulty in staffing. Equipment maintenance expenses fluctuate depending upon 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the type of activity a drilling rig is performing and the age and condition of the equipment. Contract preparation expenses vary based on the scope and length of contract preparation required. 
 Our contracts may be terminated early in certain circumstances and our customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of their existing contracts with us. 
 In certain instances, our customers may have the contractual right to terminate, or may seek to renegotiate, their existing drilling contracts with us if we experience excessive downtime, operational issues above the contractual limit or safety-related issues, if the drilling unit is a total loss, if the drilling unit is not delivered to the customer within the period specified in the contract or in other specified circumstances, which include force majeure events beyond the control of either party. 
 Some of our current contracts, and some contracts that we may enter into in the future, may include terms allowing customers to terminate contracts without cause, with little or no prior notice and without penalty or early termination payments. In addition, we could be required to pay penalties, which could be material, if some of these contracts are terminated due to downtime, operational issues or failure to deliver. Some of the contracts with customers that we enter into in the future may be cancellable at the option of the customer upon payment of a penalty, which may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Early termination of a contract may result in a drilling unit being idle for an extended period of time. The likelihood that a customer may seek to terminate a contract is increased during periods of market weakness. Under most of our contracts, it is an event of default if we file a petition for bankruptcy or reorganization, which would allow the customer to terminate such contract. 
 Further, during depressed market conditions, a customer may no longer need a unit that is currently under contract or may be able to obtain a comparable unit at a lower dayrate. As a result, customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of their existing drilling contracts or avoid their obligations under those contracts. For a discussion of the termination of, or amendment to, certain of our drilling contracts as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, see Risk Factors Endemics, pandemics, global health crises, or other public health events, threats and concerns, including, but not limited to, the continued global spread of COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. 
 Public concern and legislative and regulatory initiatives regarding the risks associated with climate change and the environmental and social impacts of fossil fuel extraction and use, and the growing emphasis by investors on investing in companies that are committed to environmental sustainability, could adversely affect our operations, the demand for oil and gas, our reputation and our access to capital and ability to refinance our debt . 
 Global climate issues, including the emission of greenhouse gases, continue to attract considerable public and scientific attention, and there has been increased focus on the oil and gas industry as a result. Numerous reports, including, the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have caused concern about the adverse impacts of human activity on the world s climate. The adoption of any legislation or regulation that requires reporting of greenhouse gases, or otherwise restricts emissions of greenhouse gases from our operations, could require us to incur significant costs to reduce such emissions, could adversely affect demand for the oil and gas that we extract or limit our access to financial capital. 
 Over the recent years, sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds have increased their divestments of fossil fuel equities and pressure lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuels. These efforts have greatly intensified during the COVID-19 pandemic, both in the United States and throughout the world. For example, New York State s Pension Fund, which had already divested from nearly two dozen thermal coal companies in July 2020, announced in December 2020 that it would seek to divest from fossil fuel stocks by 2025 and sell its shares in other companies that contribute to climate change by 2040. Likewise, in January 2021, two of New York City s largest pension funds, the New York City Employees Retirement System and the New York City Teachers Retirement System, approved the divestment of approximately 4.0 billion from fossil fuel companies, and the New York City Board of Education Retirement System is expected to follow suit. Furthermore, Sweden s state-backed pension funds were recently admonished by the Swedish Society for Nature Conservation, one of Sweden s largest climate organizations, for continuing to invest in fossil-fuel companies, and recent proposed changes to the ethical investment guidelines for the Government Pension Fund Global, Norway s sovereign wealth fund, could result in the fund selling approximately 910 million of its holdings. More recently, universities in the United States, including Yale, Princeton, Stanford, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Vanderbilt, have faced scrutiny and pressure to divest from the fossil fuel industry, and in February 2022, students from such universities filed complaints with the attorneys general of their respective states requesting an investigation of alleged breaches of the Uniform Prudent Management of Institutional Funds Act. 
 The initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution and the emission of greenhouse gases, including divestment from the oil and gas industry, could significantly interfere with our operations, business activities, and ability to access the capital markets and refinance our debt. Likewise, successful divestment efforts in the oil and gas industry could materially and adversely impact prices of our debt or equity securities. Given that members of the investment community have continued to heavily factor in, and will likely continue in the near-term to assess, a company s commitment to environmental, social and governance ESG )-related initiatives and sustainability performance as part of its overall investment strategy and thesis, investors, including large institutional 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 investors, investment advisors and large sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, could elect to forego their investment in us to the extent we fail to satisfy such metrics. Such investors may also continue to accelerate their commitment to increasing the overall percentage of their portfolios that are allocated towards companies that have shown significant commitment to ESG-related matters and environmental sustainability. In light of the foregoing, investors may seek to re-allocate portions of their capital away from deepwater projects. These concerns and the uncertainty around global oil and gas prices may cause deepwater projects to become one of the least attractive areas for investment by our clients given the large capital requirements and the significant amount of time between discovery and production of oil and/or gas. Separately, we could lose existing investors in their entirety if we or our securities fail to meet the ESG-related standards and initiatives being sought and prioritized by such investors. Our failure to satisfy such metrics could also harm our overall reputation amongst members of the investment community, our critical counterparties and in the markets more generally. 
 Furthermore, the increased focus by the investment community on ESG-related practices and disclosures, including emission rates and overall impacts to global climate, has created, and will create for the foreseeable future, increased pressure regarding the enhancement of, and modification to, the disclosure and governance practices in our industry. For example, BlackRock, one of the largest asset managers in the world, which previously affirmed its commitment to divest from investments in fossil fuels due to concerns over climate change, recently called for the oil companies and other polluting-generating industries it invests in to disclose their carbons emissions and set clear targets to decrease the amounts of such pollution. As a result, we currently face, and could continue to face, increasing pressure regarding our ESG related practices and disclosures. 
 	Lastly, increased attention regarding the risks of climate change and the emission of greenhouse gases augments the possibility of litigation or investigations being brought by public and private entities against oil and gas companies in connection with their greenhouse emissions. Should we be targeted by any such litigation or investigations, we may incur liability, which, to the extent that political or societal pressures or other factors are involved, could be imposed without regard to the causation of, or contribution to, the asserted damage, or to other mitigating factors. 
 High rates of global inflation and the occurrence of a recession could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 During 2022, the global markets experienced, and continue to experience, higher rates of inflation as a result of several market factors, including in the form of increased costs pertaining to labor, materials and overhead. As a result of these inflationary pressures, governments in many countries have implemented tighter monetary policies, which could slow the growth rate of local economies and restrict the availability of credit. While we experienced increases in the cost of labor and materials in 2022, we believe that our financial condition and results of operations have thus far not been materially impacted by inflationary pressures. However, to the extent the current rates of inflation and shifts in fiscal and monetary policy result in prolonged and slower growth or a recession, it could have a material and adverse effect on the demand for our products and services and, in the process, our business, results of operations and financial condition as a whole, including with respect to our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue. Moreover, in the event that a global recession were to occur, it could adversely impact the critical counterparties that we engage, including in the form of a decrease in the products and services they seek to obtain from us. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations. 
 As of March 13, 2023, we had approximately 200 million aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under the 9.50 First Lien Notes. Our level of indebtedness could have significant and adverse effects on our business. For example, our level of indebtedness and the terms of our debt agreements could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations under our indebtedness and our contractual and commercial commitments and increase the risk that we may default on our debt obligations; 

prevent us from raising the funds necessary to repurchase notes tendered to us if we undergo a change of control; 

require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal on the 9.50 First Lien Notes and other debt, which would reduce the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other investments, or general corporate purposes, which may limit our ability to execute our business strategy; 

limit our ability to refinance our current or future indebtedness on terms that are commercially reasonable, if at all; 

heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business, our industry or in the general economy, and restrict us from exploiting business opportunities or making acquisitions; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that may have proportionately less debt; 

24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 limit management s discretion in operating our business; and 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the industry in which we operate or the general economy. 

Each of these factors may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and viability. Our ability to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend on our future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our company and industry, many of which are beyond our control. 
 We may not be able to make principal or interest payments on our existing and future indebtedness, nor refinance such existing and future indebtedness on favorable terms, if at all, and our inability to make such payments on, or refinance, any such indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. 
 Our ability to make principal or interest payments on, or to refinance, the 9.50 First Lien Notes or other indebtedness that we incur from time to time depends on our future operational and financial performance, which is subject to financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our indebtedness, operations and business. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more strategic alternatives, including selling assets, restructuring debt, obtaining additional debt financing, or issuing additional equity securities, any of which may be on terms that are not favorable to us or, in the case of equity securities, highly dilutive to our equityholders. Our ability to refinance the 9.50 First Lien Notes or any other future indebtedness will depend significantly on, and be subject to, prevailing economic and market conditions, including available capital markets, covenants and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness (including the 9.50 First Lien Indenture) and the general condition of the financial markets and the industries in which we operate. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or on desirable terms, and our inability to refinance such indebtedness (or to do so upon attractive terms) could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, any of which could in turn result in us defaulting on our existing and future debt obligations and make us vulnerable to adverse industry and general economic conditions. In addition, our existing and future debt agreements may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our debt, and would materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Failure to employ a sufficient number of skilled workers could materially and adversely impact our operations. 
 We require skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services to, and support for, our drilling units. The shortages of qualified personnel or the inability to obtain and retain qualified personnel also could negatively affect the quality and timeliness of our work. In addition, our ability to expand operations depends in part upon our ability to increase the size of the skilled labor force. Due to the extremely weak conditions in the offshore drilling market, the lack of employment and lower wages for offshore personnel have caused and will continue to cause many of our current offshore personnel to permanently leave the industry for employment opportunities in other industries. If industry conditions improve, there is no guarantee these workers will return to the offshore industry resulting in a shortage of qualified personnel that we will be able to employ. 
 Our business involves numerous operating hazards and is subject to severe weather events, and our insurance and contractual indemnity rights may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from such hazards and events. 
 Our operations are subject to the usual hazards inherent in the drilling and operation of oil and gas wells, such as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, punch-throughs, craterings, fires and pollution. The occurrence of any one of these events could result in the suspension of drilling or production operations, claims by the operator and others affected by such events, severe damage to, or destruction of, the property and equipment involved, injury or death to drilling unit personnel, environmental damage and increased insurance costs. We may also be subject to personal injury lawsuits and other claims of drilling unit personnel as a result of our drilling operations. Operations also may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal operating conditions, failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services and personnel shortages. 
 In addition, our operations are subject to risks inherent in and endemic to marine operations, including capsizing, grounding, collision and loss or damage from severe weather. Severe weather could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our drilling units could be damaged by high winds, turbulent seas or unstable sea bottom conditions which could potentially cause us to curtail operations for significant periods of time until such damages are repaired. 
 Damage to the environment could result from our operations, particularly through oil spillage or extensive uncontrolled fires. We may also be subject to property, environmental and other damage claims by host governments, oil and gas companies and other businesses operating offshore and in coastal areas, as well as claims by individuals living in or around coastal areas. 
 As is customary in our industry, the risks of our operations are partially covered by our insurance and partially by contractual indemnities from our customers. However, insurance policies and contractual rights to indemnify us may not adequately cover losses, 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and we may not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnify us for all such risks (see Risks Factors Customers may be unable or unwilling to indemnify us ). Moreover, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. If a significant accident or other event resulting in damage to our drilling units, including severe weather, terrorist acts, war, civil disturbances, pollution or environmental damage, occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or a recoverable indemnity from a customer, it could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Epidemics, pandemics, global health crises, or other public health events, threats and concerns, including, but not limited to, the continued global spread of COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. 
 Epidemics, pandemics, global health crises, or other public health events, threats and concerns, including, but not limited to, the continued global spread of COVID-19, Ebola, the H1N1 flu virus, the Zika virus, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome and other highly communicable diseases, outbreaks of which have occurred fairly recently in various parts of the world in which we operate, could adversely impact our operations, the operations of our clients and the global economy, including the worldwide demand for oil and gas and the level of demand for our services. Any quarantine of personnel or the inability to access our offices or rigs could adversely affect our operations. Travel restrictions or operational problems in any part of the world in which we operate, or any reduction in the demand for drilling services caused by public health threats in the future, may adversely affect our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. 
 The global spread of COVID-19 in particular, including its highly contagious variants and sub-lineages, continues to pose significant risks and challenges worldwide, and has caused and continues to cause widespread illness and significant loss of life, leading governments across the world to impose and re-impose severely stringent and extensive limitations on movement and human interaction, with certain countries, including those where we maintain significant operations and derive material revenue, implementing quarantine, testing and vaccination requirements. These latest governmental reactions to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as changes to and extensions of such approaches, have led to, and continue to result in, uncertain and volatile economic activity worldwide, including within the oil and gas industry and the regions and countries in which we operate. 
 Throughout 2020, we observed deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, oil price and market volatility, and reductions and delays in oil and gas exploration and development plans by operators as a result of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We determined these events constituted triggering events requiring an assessment for impairment. We recorded a loss on impairment of 128.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. During this time, the market experienced a rapid decline in oil prices in response to oil demand concerns due to the economic impacts of COVID-19 and anticipated increases in supply from Russia and OPEC, particularly Saudi Arabia. These actions led to (i) significant weaknesses in oil prices and (ii) ensuing reductions of oil and gas company capital and operating budgets. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has generally affected our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners. If our customers or suppliers experience material and adverse business consequences due to the spread of COVID-19, demand for our services could also be adversely affected, and existing counterparties could seek to invoke force majeure clauses under their contracts with us and/or terminate such contracts. 
 The adverse impact of, and challenges associated with, the COVID-19 pandemic continued throughout 2021, resulting in (i) lower revenue due to terminations of (or amendments to) certain of our drilling contracts and (ii) increased expenses due to higher labor and related costs. We cannot at this time determine with certainty how long these challenges will persist as well as the long-term impact that such challenges may have on our operations on a go-forward basis; however, the Company has been actively managing and continues to actively manage the business in an attempt to mitigate the impact of the foregoing events. In the case of additional expenses incurred as a result of the foregoing matters, the Company undertook significant cost-saving measures, including reductions in salaries and workforce, both onshore and offshore, to reflect the lower operating activity. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to impact the counterparties in which we engage in business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 We are continuously monitoring our own operations and have taken, and intend to continue to take, appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic to the best of our abilities. Nevertheless, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. The ultimate magnitude and effect of the continued spread of COVID-19 globally, and the resulting social, economic and labor instability attributable to COVID-19, cannot be predicted or estimated at this time. 
 Like the global economy at large, both our offshore and onshore employees have been significantly impacted by the spread of COVID-19. The impact of such governmental actions have been particularly felt by our personnel working offshore on our rigs. In some cases, our offshore personnel have had to remain onboard the rig on which they serve beyond the usual length of time due to general restrictions on transporting persons onto (and off of) the rig and other offshore personnel have not been able to travel to the applicable offshore locations at all. Even if our offshore personnel are able to successfully travel to the countries where we operate, they may nevertheless be required to self-quarantine for a minimum number of days before continuing on toward the rig. As the health of our workforce is paramount, we have implemented, and will continue to implement for the foreseeable future, precautionary measures to help minimize the risk of our employees being potentially exposed to, or contracting, COVID-19. Our management team has been, 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and remains, focused on mitigating the adverse effects of the spread of COVID-19, which has required, and will continue to require, a significant investment of time and resources across the entire Company, thereby diverting time, energy and resources from other priorities. If these conditions exacerbate our ability to manage our business may be negatively impacted, and preexisting operational and other business risks that we (and our industry) face may be heightened, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risks and threats. For a discussion regarding cybersecurity risks to our business, see Risk Factors - Our information technology systems, as well as those of our service and equipment providers and other persons that we engage, are subject to cybersecurity risks and threats. 
 While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to spread worldwide, and the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend in large part on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence at this time. Such developments include, but are not limited to, the duration and further spread of COVID-19, including the discovery of any new strains of COVID-19, the development, availability and effectiveness of treatments or vaccines for COVID-19, and the general resuming of widespread economic activity. Therefore, we can give no assurances that the spread of COVID-19 will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations in 2022 and beyond. 
 The international nature of our operations creates additional political, economic, legal and other uncertainties not generally associated with domestic operations. 
 Our business strategy is to operate in international oil and gas producing areas. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks inherent in any business operating in foreign jurisdictions, including: 
 political disturbances, geopolitical instability and tensions, or terrorist attacks, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions, including, but not limited to, in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022; 

government corruption; 

potential seizure, expropriation or nationalization of assets; 

damage to our equipment or violence directed at our employees, including kidnappings; 

piracy; 

increased operating costs; 

complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations; 

repudiation, modification or renegotiation of contracts; 

limitations on insurance coverage, such as war risk coverage in certain areas; 

import-export quotas; 

confiscatory taxation; 

work stoppages; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

wage and price controls; 

imposition of trade barriers; 

imposition or changes in enforcement of local content laws; 

restrictions on currency or capital repatriations; 

currency fluctuations and devaluations; and 

other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control. 

Our financial condition and results of operations could be susceptible to adverse events beyond our control that may occur in the particular jurisdictions in which we operate our business. Additionally, we may experience currency exchange losses where, at some future date, revenues are received and expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies or where we do not hedge exposure to a foreign currency. We may also incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible currency available in the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over the repatriation of income or capital. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Many governments favor or effectively require that drilling contracts be awarded to local contractors or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may result in inefficiencies or put us at a disadvantage when bidding for contracts against local competitors. 
 Our offshore contract drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to the equipment and operation of drilling units, currency conversions and repatriation, oil and gas exploration and development, taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel, the use of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors and duties on the importation and exportation of drilling units and other equipment. Governments in some foreign countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions and companies holding concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industries in their countries. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work done by major oil and gas companies and may continue to do so. Operations in less developed countries can be subject to legal systems which are not as predictable as those in more developed countries, which can lead to greater uncertainty in legal matters and proceedings. 
 We may not be able to compete effectively against the actions taken by our competitors, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and financial results. 
 Our competitors have engaged, and may continue to engage, in the process of restructuring their respective balance sheets and, in the process, reducing their overall cost structure. In addition, it is anticipated that some of these competitors may enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, which could provide further cost savings and efficiencies through synergies, the recycling of assets and other means. It is possible that such competitors could emerge stronger financially as a result of such transactions and therefore, be better positioned to secure valuable drilling contracts at lower rates. The emergence of stronger competitors in an already challenging financial environment could adversely affect our ability to secure critical drilling contracts and thereby adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. 
 We may not realize expected revenue from certain framework, management and marketing agreements with Aquadrill. 
 On February 9, 2021, we entered into a framework agreement and related management and marketing agreements, as amended on March 16, 2021 (collectively, the Framework, Management and Marketing Agreements ), with Aquadrill LLC Aquadrill ), pursuant to which certain subsidiaries of the Company agreed to provide operating, management and marketing services to Aquadrill and its subsidiaries with respect to certain cold stacked, warm stacked, reactivating or operating rigs. We have also entered into a bareboat charter agreement with Aquadrill for the Polaris for its contract with ONGC. Our fee structure is dependent on the type and number of rigs for which we provide our management and marketing services, with some fee discounts for the management and marketing of cold rigs, plus certain (i) bonus and malus amounts above our fixed management fee and (ii) other marketing and variable fees. 
 In December 2022, Aquadrill entered into a definitive merger agreement with Seadrill Limited Seadrill pursuant to which Seadrill agreed to acquire Aquadrill (the Seadrill Transaction ). If the Seadrill Transaction closes, the combined company may discuss modifying the terms of our framework, marketing and management agreements or may terminate those agreements entirely, which Aquadrill is permitted to do upon 90 days notice and with the approval of the client under any drilling contract then-in effect. If these agreements are modified or terminated, we may not realize a portion (or the entirety) of the anticipated revenues to be derived under these agreements, which could in turn have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results and cash flows. 
 Our insurance coverage may not be adequate if a catastrophic event occurs. 
 As a result of the number and significance of catastrophic events in the history of the offshore drilling industry, insurance underwriters have increased insurance premiums and increased restrictions on coverage and have made other coverages unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms. During the recent industry downturn, in addition to paying lower dayrates, many oil and gas companies have negotiated less favorable terms with respect to risk allocation and indemnity rights in the drilling service contracts to which we are or may become a party. 
 While we believe we have reasonable policy limits of property, casualty and liability insurance, including coverage for acts of terrorism, with financially sound insurers, we cannot guarantee that our policy limits for property, casualty, liability and business interruption insurance, including coverage for severe weather, terrorist acts, war, civil disturbances, pollution or environmental damage, would be adequate should a catastrophic event occur related to our property, plant or equipment, or that our insurers would have adequate financial resources to sufficiently or fully pay related claims or damages. When any of our coverage expires, or when we seek coverage in the future, we cannot guarantee that adequate coverage will be available, offered at reasonable prices, or offered by insurers with sufficient financial soundness. Additionally, we do not have third party windstorm insurance and we may not have windstorm insurance for any vessel that we operate in the Gulf of Mexico in the future. The occurrence of an incident or incidents affecting any one or more 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 of our drilling units could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and future results of operations if asset damage and/or our liability were to exceed insurance coverage limits or if an insurer was unable to sufficiently or fully pay related claims or damages. 
 We are subject to litigation and other disputes that could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 
 We are, from time to time, involved in litigation and disputes that could negatively affect our business operations and financial condition. These matters may include, among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, employment and tax matters, claims of infringement of patent and other intellectual property rights, and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, during periods of volatile and depressed market conditions, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers, vendors, current and former employees and others initiating legal proceedings against us. Furthermore, actions or decisions we have taken or may take, or failed to take, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in investigations, litigation or legal claims against us. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any dispute, claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation or dispute. While we maintain insurance coverage for potential litigation matters and disputes, some of these matters and disputes may not be covered by existing insurance. Moreover, to the extent we do maintain such insurance coverage it may not be sufficient, insurers may not remain solvent, other claims may exhaust some or all of the insurance available to us or insurers may interpret our insurance policies such that they refuse to cover all (or a portion) of the losses for which we make claims or may otherwise dispute claims made. The risks associated with these litigation matters and disputes may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Furthermore, litigation and other disputes may have a material adverse effect on us because of potential adverse outcomes, defense costs, the diversion of our management s resources and other risk factors inherent in litigation or relating to the claims that may arise. Our involvement in any litigation matter or other disputes could cause us to incur significant legal and other associated costs, including the payment of damages. 
 We may not be able to replace expiring or terminated contracts for our existing rigs at dayrates that are economically feasible for us. 
 Due to the cyclical nature and high level of competition in our industry, we may not be able to replace expiring or terminated contracts. Our ability to replace expiring or terminated contracts will depend on prevailing market conditions, the specific needs of our customers, and numerous other factors beyond our control. Additionally, any contracts for our drilling units may be at dayrates that are below existing dayrates, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We may suffer losses as a result of foreign currency fluctuations. 
 A significant portion of the contract revenues of our foreign operations will be paid in USD; however, some payments are made in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to currency fluctuations and exchange rate risks as a result of our foreign operations. To minimize the financial impact of these risks when we are paid in non-U.S. currency, we attempt to match the currency of operating costs with the currency of contract revenue. If we are unable to substantially match the timing and amounts of these payments, any increase in the value of USD in relation to the value of applicable foreign currencies could adversely affect our operating results. 
 A low amount of, or reduction in, expenditures by oil and gas exploration and production companies, a decrease in demand for oil and gas, or other related factors, could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Our business, including the utilization rates and dayrates we achieve for our drilling units, depends on the level of activity in oil and gas exploration, development and production expenditures of our customers. Oil and gas prices and customers expectations of potential changes in these prices significantly affect this level of activity. Commodity prices are affected by numerous factors, including the following: 
 changes in global economic conditions; 

the worldwide supply and demand for oil and gas; 

the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

expectations regarding future prices; 

advances in exploration, development and production technology; 

the ability or willingness of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

the availability and discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves in offshore areas; 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the availability and discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves in the U.S. shale oil and gas regions; 

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

the level of production in non-OPEC countries, including production levels in the U.S. shale plays; 

domestic and international tax policies; 

the development and exploitation of alternative fuels; 

severe and unpredictable weather conditions; 

public concern regarding the risks associated with climate change; 

blowouts and other catastrophic events; 

governmental laws and regulations, including those aimed at environmental preservation and reductions in carbon emissions; 

the policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves; 

volatility in the exchange rate of USD against other currencies; and 

the worldwide political environment, uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities or other crises in significant oil and gas producing regions or further acts of terrorism, including volatility in the price of hydrocarbons in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. 

In addition to oil and gas prices, the offshore drilling industry is influenced by additional factors, including: 
 the availability of competing offshore drilling vessels and the level of construction activity for new drilling vessels; 

the consolidation of market participants; 

the level of costs for associated offshore oilfield and construction services; 

oil and gas transportation costs; 

the discovery of new oil and gas reserves; 

the cost of non-conventional hydrocarbons; and 

regulatory restrictions on offshore drilling. 

Any one of these factors could significantly reduce the demand, or prices paid, for our services and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to the credit risks of our key customers and other counterparties that we engage. 
 We are subject to risks of loss resulting from non-payment or non-performance by third parties. Although we monitor and manage credit risks, some of our customers and other counterparties that we engage may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, as well as other market factors which are not within their direct control. During more challenging market environments, we are subject to an increased risk of our customers and other critical counterparties seeking to, among other things, repudiate or amend their respective contracts and declare force majeure events. The ability of our customers and other critical counterparties to meet their contractual obligations may also be adversely affected by other macroeconomic factors, including constrained credit markets, economic downturns and public health crises. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses was 5.0 million. If any of our key customers or other critical counterparties were to default on their contractual obligations owed to us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The market value of our current vessels may decrease, which could cause us to take accounting charges or incur losses if we decide to sell them following a decline in their values. 
 If the offshore contract drilling industry continues to suffer adverse developments, the fair market values of our vessels may decline. The fair market values of the vessels we currently own or may acquire in the future may increase or decrease depending on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the general economic and market conditions affecting the oil and gas industry and the possible corresponding adverse effect on the level of offshore drilling activity. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Any such deterioration in the market values of our vessels could require us to record an impairment charge in our financial statements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. If we sell any of our vessels when prices for such vessels have fallen, the sale may be at less than such drillship s carrying amount on our financial statements, resulting in a loss. 
 The loss of some of our key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business prospects. 
 Our future operational performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of our management as well as marketing, technical and operations personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe our future success will also depend in large part upon our ability to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing, technical and operations personnel. We may experience intense competition for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain key employees or that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining personnel in the future. 
 New technology and/or products may cause us to become less competitive, and higher levels of capital expenditures may be necessary in order to remain competitive. 
 The offshore contract drilling industry is subject to the introduction of new drilling techniques and services using new technologies, some of which may be subject to patent protection. As competitors and others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage. Further, we may face competitive pressure to implement or acquire certain new technologies at a substantial cost. Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that may enable them to more readily access technological advantages and implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement new technology or products on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. Thus, our inability to effectively use and implement new and emerging technology may have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Customers may be unable or unwilling to indemnify us. 
 Consistent with standard industry practice, our customers generally assume liability for and indemnify us against well control and subsurface risks under our dayrate contracts, and we do not separately purchase insurance for such indemnified risks. These risks are those associated with the loss of control of a well, such as blowout or cratering, the cost to regain control or redrill the well and associated pollution. In the future, we may not be able to obtain agreements from customers to indemnify us for such damages and risks or the indemnities that we do obtain may be limited in scope and duration or subject to exceptions. Additionally, even if our customers agree to indemnify us, there can be no assurance that they will necessarily be financially able to indemnify us against all of these risks. 
 There may be limits to our ability to mobilize drilling units between geographic markets and the time and costs of such drilling unit mobilizations may be material to our business. 
 The offshore contract drilling market is generally a global market as drilling units may be mobilized from one market to another market. However, geographic markets can, from time to time, have material fluctuations in costs and risks as the ability to mobilize drilling units can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to, governmental regulation and customs practices, the significant costs to move a drilling unit, availability of tow boats or heavy lift vessels, weather, political instability, civil unrest, military actions and the technical capability of the drilling units to operate in various environments. Any increase in the supply of drilling units in the geographic areas in which we operate, whether through new construction, refurbishment or conversion of drilling units from other uses, remobilization or changes in the law or its application, could increase competition and result in lower dayrates and/or utilization, which would adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, while a drilling unit is being mobilized from one geographic market to another, we may not be paid by the customer for the time that the drilling unit is out of service. Also, we may mobilize the drilling unit to another geographic market without a customer contract which could result in costs not reimbursable by future customers. 
 Reactivation of idle rigs may take longer or be more costly than we anticipate. 
 Reactivation of idle rigs may take longer and be more costly than anticipated. As our rigs are mobilized from one geographic location to another, the labor and other operating and maintenance costs can vary significantly. In general, labor costs increase primarily due to higher salary levels and inflationary pressures. Equipment maintenance expenses fluctuate depending upon the type of activity the rig is performing and the age and condition of the equipment. Contract preparation expenses vary based on the scope and length of contract preparation required and the duration of the firm contractual period over which such expenditures are amortized. 
 Our information technology systems, as well as those of our service and equipment providers and other persons that we engage, are subject to cybersecurity risks and threats. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We depend on information technology systems that we manage, and others that are managed by our third-party service and equipment providers, to conduct our operations, including critical systems on our drilling units, proprietary and confidential data, financial information, regulated data and personal information of employees and other third parties in the ordinary course of business, and these systems are subject to risks associated with cyber incidents or attacks as well as breaches due to human error. It has been reported that unknown entities or groups have mounted cyberattacks on businesses and other organizations solely to disable or disrupt computer systems, defraud or take financial advantage of companies to disrupt operations and, in some cases, steal data. Due to the nature of cyberattacks, breaches to our systems or the systems of our service or equipment providers could go unnoticed for prolonged periods of time. Successful breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error could result in, amongst other things; unauthorized access to, as well as disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of, critical company, customer, or other third-party data or systems; loss of revenue, including through inaccurate or unauthorized payments; theft and misappropriation of funds, or sensitive, regulated or confidential or critical data, including personal and company information; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware, phishing attempts, destructive attacks or other means; business delays; and service or system disruptions. Moreover, such cyberattacks could result in higher costs to correct and remedy the effects of such incidents. The Company is also subject to a stringent and ever-changing regulatory environment with respect to privacy and data protection requirements, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility related to our cybersecurity risk management programs and periodically reviews reports on cybersecurity and other information technology risks. 
 In 2018, we experienced a cybersecurity breach which temporarily hindered our ability to utilize our email server and obstructed certain back-up data. However, the breach did not have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and did not compromise any customer data. The costs to restore the data and services impacted by the cybersecurity breach were not material. In 2022, we experienced additional e-mail related cybersecurity intrusions (the 2022 Cyber Matters ). We became aware of the 2022 Cyber Matters in the fourth quarter of 2022 and we engaged and have been working alongside a third party forensic specialist to investigate the nature and scope of the incident, implement appropriate technical remediation, and enhance the Company s cybersecurity to protect against further unauthorized access. Our investigation has revealed that one or more malicious actors gained unauthorized access to certain employees business emails. This enabled the malicious actors to fraudulently impersonate certain of the company s vendors, resulting in (i) two unauthorized transfers of cash from a company bank account to an outside bank account, (ii) one attempted transfer that was stopped and reversed by a financial institution and (iii) one attempted transfer that was stopped by the Company s internal controls. We have since taken, and continue to take, measures designed to detect, remediate and prevent similar cybersecurity intrusions and threats from recurring. Because the 2022 Cyber Matters are still under investigation, we can neither predict the ultimate outcome of this matter nor whether there will be further developments in the 2022 Cyber Matters investigation that could adversely affect us. Our investigation to date has not revealed any information that suggests the 2022 Cyber Matters will result in a material loss to the Company. However, we are not able to determine the likelihood of loss, if any, arising from this matter. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that we will not in the future experience any other actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, or that our security efforts and remedial measures will prevent future security threats from materializing, if at all. If either our systems or the systems of our service or equipment providers used for protecting against cyber incidents or attacks prove to be insufficient and another incident were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Currently, we do not carry insurance for losses related to cybersecurity matters. If we do elect to obtain such coverage in the future, we may incur substantial costs, including in the form of high insurance premiums, especially if we or a third party with which we do business were to fall victim to additional successful cyberattacks or experience any other cybersecurity incidents. Furthermore, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our office personnel began working remotely in 2020 (and continue to do so through a hybrid work environment), which heightens potential cybersecurity risks given the reliance on remote networking capabilities and utilization of external devices. More recently, Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, and the growing tensions between Russia and several western nations, could result in potential retaliatory actions being pursued by Russia and its supporters, including in the form of phishing campaigns, espionage and other forms of cyberattacks. Likewise, pro-Russian ransomware gangs and cyber-criminals have publicly threatened to increase their hacking activities in response to the implementation of sanctions and other actions taken by western countries. If either our systems or the systems of our service or equipment providers used for protecting against cyber incidents or attacks prove to be insufficient and incidents were to occur as a result of working remotely, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Consolidation of suppliers and vendors may increase the costs of obtaining critical supplies and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely on certain third parties to provide supplies and services necessary for our offshore drilling operations, including, but not limited to, suppliers and vendors which provide, among other things, drilling equipment, machinery, and catering services. Recent mergers have reduced and consolidated the number of available suppliers and vendors, resulting in fewer alternatives for sourcing key supplies and services. Such consolidation, combined with a high volume of drilling units under construction, could result in a shortage of supplies and services thereby increasing the cost of such supplies and services, and potentially inhibit the ability of suppliers and vendors to deliver on time, if at all. Cost increases and delays in, or the unavailability of, critical supplies and services could have a 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 material and adverse effect on our results of operations and result in drilling unit downtime, and cause, among other things, delays in the repair and maintenance of our drilling units. 
 The ongoing conflict in Ukraine, including the actual (or perceived threat of an) expansion or exacerbation of such conflict, and the actions undertaken by western nations in response to Russia s actions, has created, and could continue to create, significant hydrocarbon price volatility and materially impact the global oil and gas markets for the foreseeable future 
 In February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine and Russia and Ukraine continue to engage in active and armed conflict as of March 2023. Such conflict has resulted in significant destruction of Ukraine s infrastructure and substantial casualties amongst Russian and Ukrainian military personnel. Moreover, civilian casualties have increased significantly as a result of ongoing Russian attacks on cities throughout Ukraine, and millions of refugees have fled Ukraine for neighboring countries since the onset of the Russo-Ukraine War. As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing Russo-Ukraine War, the governments of several western nations, including the U.S., Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the European Union, implemented several commercial and economic sanctions against Russia, Russian-backed separatist regions in Ukraine, certain banks, companies, government officials, and other individuals in Russia and Belarus. Moreover, on March 9, 2022, President Joe Biden imposed an immediate ban on Russian oil and other energy imports, while the United Kingdom publicly indicated that it would seek to phase out imports from Russia by the end of 2022. In December 2022, the EU imposed an embargo prohibiting the maritime shipment of crude oil from Russia, subject to instituting a price cap of 60-per-barrel. The embargo was also agreed to by the Group of Seven countries and Australia. Additionally, Canada has barred Russian vessels from utilizing its ports. In addition to governmental entities, actors in the private sector, including, among others, Shell, BP and ExxonMobil, have stopped, or publicly announced that they intend to stop, operations in Russia and cease their partnerships with Russian firms, and shippers, insurance companies and refiners have similarly indicated that they will no longer purchase or ship crude oil from Russia. 
 The implementation of sanctions by governmental bodies and the withdrawal of private actors in Russia has started to cause, and is likely to continue to cause, among other impacts, significant volatility in the price of hydrocarbons, including constraints on crude oil production. Such fluctuations could continue in the near-term, especially as market participants seek to limit or flatly ban the use of Russian oil and gas, and pressure has intensified to seek out alternative fuel sources (for example, the U.S. has indicated that it may look to Saudi Arabia to increase its crude oil production). 
 While it is not possible at this time to predict or determine the ultimate consequences of the conflict in Ukraine, which could include, among other things, additional sanctions, greater regional instability, embargoes, geopolitical shifts and other material and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, supply chains, financial markets and currency exchange rates, hydrocarbon price volatility in particular is likely to continue for the foreseeable future. To the extent negotiations of a cease fire between Russia and Ukraine are unsuccessful, the potential destruction of critical oil-related infrastructure in Ukraine, and the implementation of further sanctions and other measures taken by governmental bodies and private actors, could have a lasting impact in the near- and long-term on the (i) business, operations and financial condition of our business and the businesses of our critical counterparties and (ii) the global economy at large. 
 We may engage in certain strategic or transformational transactions in the future, including acquisitions, dispositions, mergers and joint ventures, any of which could affect the value or type of our assets and overall financial condition. 
 From time to time, our management independently evaluates, and separately receives indications of interest in respect of, a variety of strategic and/or transformational transactions in respect of our assets or a particular subset thereof. While the documents governing our indebtedness include certain restrictions on our ability to dispose of our assets or to finance the acquisitions of new assets, such restrictions contain various exceptions and limitations. 
 To the extent we were to pursue or engage in such transactions, including acquisitions and dispositions, there is no guarantee that such transactions will be successful or, even if consummated, improve our operating results and financial condition. We may incur costs, breakage fees or other expenses in connection with any such transactions, and any such transactions may ultimately have a material adverse effect on our operating results and on our ability to pay amounts due on our debt. 
 In addition, such transactions may be transformative and consequently, may result in a change in the type of the assets we hold and may impact our financial condition. Such new assets may be valued differently as compared to our current assets in the event of a liquidation thereof or due to changes in applicable market conditions even absent such a liquidation scenario. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that any replacement assets will continue to hold comparable value to our current assets. Likewise, in the event we elect to dispose of revenue-generating assets, it could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and overall financial performance. Any such changes to our asset mix, whether by acquisition, disposition or otherwise, may also be viewed negatively by the market and could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Construction projects are subject to risks, including delays and cost overruns, which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 
 As part of our existing growth strategy we may contract from time to time for the construction of drilling units or may enter into agreements to manage the construction of drilling units for others. Construction projects are subject to the risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project, including costs or delays resulting from the following: 
 unexpected long delivery times for, or shortages of, key equipment, parts and materials; 

shortages of skilled labor and other shipyard personnel necessary to perform the work; 

unforeseen increases in the cost of equipment, labor and raw materials, particularly steel; 

unforeseen design and engineering problems; 

unanticipated actual or purported change orders; 

work stoppages; 

latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of engineering estimates and assumptions; 

failure or delay of third-party service providers and labor disputes; 

disputes with shipyards and suppliers; 

delays and unexpected costs of incorporating parts and materials needed for the completion of projects; 

financial or other difficulties at shipyards; 

severe and adverse weather conditions; and 

inability to obtain required permits or approvals. 

If we experience delays and costs overruns in the construction of drilling units due to certain of the factors listed above, it could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Negative publicity may adversely affect us. 
 Media coverage and public statements that insinuate improper actions by us, regardless of their factual accuracy or truthfulness, may result in negative publicity, litigation or governmental investigations by regulators. Addressing negative publicity and any resulting litigation or investigations may distract management, increase costs and divert resources. Negative publicity may have an adverse impact on our reputation and the morale of our employees, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Because our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, it is less liquid and its price may be negatively impacted by factors that are unrelated to, and independent of, our business operations. 
 Because our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, it is less liquid and its price may be negatively impacted by factors that are unrelated to, and independent of, our business operations, and therefore, beyond our control. Consequently, there is no assurance that a sufficient market will develop in our common stock, if at all, in which case it could be difficult for shareholders to sell their respective shares of common stock. Even if one or more brokers elects to make a market for our common stock on an over-the-counter market and complies with the applicable regulatory requirements, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in response to various factors and events, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 a shortfall in rig utilization, operating revenues, or net income from that expected by securities analysts and investors; 

changes in securities analysts estimates of the financial performance of us or our competitors or the financial performance of companies in the oil and gas industry generally; 

changes in actual or market expectations with respect to the amounts of exploration and development spending by oil and gas companies; 

general conditions in the economy and in energy-related industries; 

general conditions in the securities markets; 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 political disturbances, geopolitical instability and tensions, or terrorist attacks, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions, including, but not limited to, in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022; 

the outcome of pending and future legal proceedings, investigations, tax assessments, and other claims to which we are a party or made a party; 

our completion (or failure to complete) strategic and/or transformational transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and mergers, as well as the impact of that such transactions may have on our operations and financial condition; and 

fluctuations in the trading volume of our common stock. 

There can be no assurances that any public market for our common stock will exist in the future or that we will choose or be able to relist our common stock on a national securities exchange. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulations and Laws 
 
 Political disturbances, geopolitical instability and tensions, or terrorist attacks, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions could adversely impact our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to political and economic risks and uncertainties, including instability resulting from civil unrest, political demonstrations, mass strikes, or an escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities or other crises including in oil or gas producing areas, which may result in extended business interruptions, suspended operations, volatility in the price of oil and gas, and danger to our employees, or result in claims by our customers of a force majeure situation and payment disputes. Additionally, we are subject to risks of terrorism, piracy, political instability, hostilities, expropriation, confiscation or deprivation of our assets or military action impacting our operations, assets or financial performance in many of our areas of operations. 
 In particular, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022 has led to, and will likely continue to lead to, geopolitical instability, disruption and volatility in the markets in which we operate. It is not possible at this time to predict or determine the ultimate consequences of the conflict in Ukraine, which could include, among other things, additional sanctions, greater regional instability, embargoes, geopolitical shifts and other material and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains and financial markets. To the extent negotiations of a cease fire between Russia and Ukraine are unsuccessful, the potential destruction of critical oil-related infrastructure in Ukraine, and the implementation of further sanctions and other measures by governmental bodies and organizations, could have a lasting impact in the near- and long-term on the (i) business, operations and financial condition of our business and the businesses of our critical counterparties and (ii) the global economy at large. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws (together, anti-corruption laws) prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our extensive training and compliance program, we cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from improper acts committed by our directors, employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We may be subject to competitive disadvantages to the extent that our competitors are able to secure business, licenses or other preferential treatment by making payments to government officials and others in positions of influence or using other methods that U.S. laws and regulations prohibit us from using. 
 In order to effectively compete in some foreign jurisdictions, we utilize local agents and seek to establish joint ventures with local operators or strategic partners. In addition, in some foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we are required to retain the services of a national agent or sponsor. Although we have procedures and controls in place to monitor internal and external compliance, if we are found to be liable for violations of anti-corruption laws (either due to our own acts or omissions, or due to the acts or omissions of others, including actions taken by our agents and our strategic or local partners, even though our agents and partners may not be subject to the FCPA), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In July 2015, we voluntarily contacted the DOJ and the SEC to advise them that Hamylton Padilha, a Brazilian agent VDC used in the contracting of the Titanium Explorer drillship to Petrobras, had entered into a plea arrangement with Brazilian authorities in connection with his role in facilitating the payment of bribes to former Petrobras executives. In August 2017, we received a letter from the DOJ indicating that it had closed its investigation on the matter without any action, and in November 2018, we concluded a settlement agreement in the amount of 5.0 million with the SEC on a neither-admit-nor-deny basis, formally closing the U.S. government s 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 investigation for possible violations of the internal accounting control provisions of the FCPA by VDC and its subsidiaries relating to this matter. 
 We are exposed to potential risks from the requirement that we evaluate our internal controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 We have evaluated our internal controls systems in order to allow our management to report on our internal controls, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). We have performed the system and process evaluation and testing required to comply with the management certification requirements of Section 404. As a result, we have incurred additional expenses. While our management believes we have implemented the requirements relating to internal controls and all other aspects of Section 404 in a timely fashion, we cannot be certain that our internal control over financial reporting will be adequate in the future to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the FCPA. If we are not able to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, we may be susceptible to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the DOJ and the SEC. Any such action could adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 Our offshore drilling operations could be adversely impacted by changes in regulation of offshore oil and gas exploration and development activity. 
 Offshore drilling operations could be adversely impacted by changes in regulation of offshore oil and gas exploration and development activities. New regulatory requirements in the future could impose greater costs on our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We do not currently operate in the United States, but may do so in the future. The jurisdictions in which we currently operate have imposed requirements for offshore oil and gas exploration and development activities and, like the U.S., may impose new regulatory requirements in the future. 
 Our business is subject to numerous governmental laws and regulations, including those that may impose significant costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource damages. 
 Many aspects of our operations are affected by foreign, federal, state and local governmental laws, rules, regulations and policies that may relate directly or indirectly to the contract drilling industry, including those requiring us to control the discharge of oil and other contaminants into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Countries where we currently operate have environmental laws and regulations covering the discharge of oil and other contaminants and protection of the environment in connection with operations. Operations and activities in the United States and its territorial waters are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, including the Clean Water Act, the Oil Pollution Act, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and MARPOL. While we do not currently operate in the United States, many of the countries in which we currently operate have similar requirements. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, the denial or revocation of permits or other authorizations and the issuance of injunctions that may limit or prohibit operations. 
 Laws and regulations protecting the environment have become more stringent in recent years and may in certain circumstances impose strict liability, rendering us liable for environmental and natural resource damages without regard to negligence or fault on our part. These laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time the acts were performed. The application of these requirements, the modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to exploratory or development drilling for oil and gas could materially limit future contract drilling opportunities or materially increase our costs. In addition, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 In addition some financial institutions are imposing, as a condition to financing, requirements to comply with additional non-governmental environmental and social standards in connection with operations outside the United States, such as the Equator Principles, a credit risk management framework for determining, assessing and managing environmental and social risk in project finance transactions. Such additional standards could impose significant new costs on us, which may materially and adversely affect us. 
 Further, certain governments at the international, national, regional and state level are at various stages of considering or implementing treaties and environmental laws that could limit emissions of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, associated with the burning of fossil fuels. It is not possible to predict how new laws to address greenhouse gas emissions would impact our business or that of our customers, but these laws and regulations could impose costs on us or negatively impact the market for offshore drilling services, and consequently, our business. 
 Changes in laws and regulations of jurisdictions where we operate, including those that may impose significant costs and liability on us for environmental and natural resource damages, may adversely affect our operations. The jurisdictions where we operate have 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 modified or may in the future modify their laws and regulations in a manner that would increase our liability for pollution and other environmental damage. 
 With the recent change in administration of the U.S. federal government, it is likely that new legislation, regulatory enforcement actions and executive orders, which are specifically aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions, or prohibiting, delaying or restricting oil development activities in certain jurisdictions, will be proposed and adopted in the near-term. On January 20, 2021, an executive order was signed directing all executive departments and agencies to immediately commence work to confront the climate crisis, including recommending that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency consider new regulations to establish comprehensive standards of performance and emission guidelines for methane and volatile organic compound emissions from existing operations in the oil and gas sector, including the exploration and production, transmission, processing and storage segments, by September 2021. Moreover, an executive order was signed on January 27, 2021, which, among other things, places the climate crisis at the forefront of the United States foreign policy and national security planning, including submitting the United States instrument of acceptance to rejoin the Paris Agreement, affirming the achievement of global reductions of greenhouse gas emissions and net-zero global emissions by 2050 or prior, and reestablishing the United States as a leader in addressing climate change. Additionally, the executive order provides that, consistent with applicable law, the acting Secretary of the Department of the Interior shall pause new oil and gas leases on public lands or in offshore waters pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of U.S. federal oil and gas permitting and leasing practices in light of the Secretary of the Interior s broad stewardship responsibilities over the public lands and in offshore waters, including potential climate and other impacts associated with oil and gas activities on public lands or in offshore waters. In April 2021, a new target for the United States to achieve a 50 to 52 percent reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide net greenhouse gas pollution in 2030 was announced, and in October 2021, as part of the Build Back Better Act, a framework to cut greenhouse gas pollution by over one gigaton in 2030, reduce consumer energy costs and advance environmental justice by investing in a 21st century clean energy economy was also announced. 
 The execution of the foregoing executive orders and any additional executive orders, as well as the adoption and implementation of any new federal or state legislation or regulations could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, including through the creation of increased compliance costs and operating restrictions. 
 The Economic Substance Act 2021 (as amended) and the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended), among other legislation enacted in the Cayman Islands and Bermuda , could materially and adversely affect our operations and financial conditions. 
 Pursuant to the Economic Substance Act 2021 (as amended) of Cayman Islands and the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda (collectively the ES Acts ), a registered entity (other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside the Cayman Islands or Bermuda) that carries on as a business any one or more of the relevant activities referred to in the ES Acts must comply with economic substance requirements. In particular, the ES Acts could require covered entities to maintain an adequate level of qualified employees in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, incur an adequate level of annual expenditure in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, maintain physical offices and premises in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda, or perform core income-generating activities in the Cayman Islands and/or Bermuda. The list of relevant activities includes carrying on any one (or more) of the following activities: banking; insurance; fund management; financing; leasing; headquarters; shipping; distribution and service centers; intellectual property; and holding entities. The ES Acts could additionally substantially affect the way we operate our business, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because VDI is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, stakeholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and their ability to protect their rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 
 VDI is an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for holders of our securities to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against our directors or executive officers. 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) of the Cayman Islands, and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of holders of our securities to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are, to a large extent, governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from those under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws which may provide significantly less protection to investors as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, which have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Cayman Islands courts are also unlikely: 
 to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws; and 

to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. 

Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. There is no statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the Cayman Islands recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without re-examination of the merits of the underlying dispute, provided such judgment: 
 is final; 

imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given; 

is not in respect of taxes, a fine, or a penalty; and 

was neither obtained in a manner, nor is of a kind enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. 

The Grand Court of the Cayman Islands may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Taxes 
 We may be required to repurchase certain of our indebtedness with cash upon a change of control or other triggering events. 
 Upon the occurrence of specified change of control events or certain losses of our vessels in the agreements governing the 9.50 First Lien Notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase or repay all (or, in the case of events of losses of vessels, an amount up to the amount of proceeds received from such event of loss) of the 9.50 First Lien Notes at the price and upon the terms set forth in the applicable agreement. In addition, in connection with certain asset sales, we will be required to offer to repurchase or repay the 9.50 First Lien Notes as set forth in the agreement governing the 9.50 First Lien Notes. We may not have sufficient funds available to repurchase or repay all of the debt that becomes due and payable pursuant to any such offer, which would constitute an event of default that, in turn, would likely trigger a default under any other then-existing debt agreements. Moreover, the creditors under certain of our debt agreements may limit our ability to repurchase debt. In that event, we would need to refinance the applicable debt, or obtain a waiver under the applicable debt agreement, before making an offer to purchase. We may be unable to refinance such indebtedness or obtain a waiver. See Risk Factors We may not be able to make principal or interest payments on our existing and future indebtedness, nor refinance such existing and future indebtedness on favorable terms, if at all, and our inability to make such payments on, or refinance, any such indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Any requirement to offer to repurchase or repay any of our existing debt may therefore require us to refinance some or all of our other outstanding debt, which we may not be able to accomplish on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. These repurchase requirements may also delay or make it more difficult for others to obtain control of us. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the prevention of unauthorized cash disbursements (see Risk Factors Our information technology systems, as well as those of our service and equipment providers and other persons that we engage, are subject to cybersecurity risks and threats. ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide management and the Board of Directors with reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. However, internal controls governing the process for updating vendor information were not adequate to safeguard the company s cash assets from unauthorized transfers resulting from the lack of a policy requiring multiple confirmations with respect to changes to vendor information. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We believe that our overall internal control environment is sufficient for a company of our size. However, the existence of a material weakness means that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we are not able to correct material weaknesses or deficiencies in internal controls in a timely way, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms will be adversely affected. Such a result could negatively impact the market price and trading liquidity of our stock, weaken investor confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties, and generally materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. For more information regarding the material weakness, the mitigating controls we use, and certain remedial steps we have taken or considered, please see Part II. Item 9A Controls and Procedures . 
 Material and adverse developments impacting the financial services industry at large, including the occurrence of actual (or widespread concerns regarding the potential occurrence of) defaults, illiquidity, operational failures and non-performance by financial institutions and critical counterparties, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The occurrence of actual (or widespread concerns regarding the potential occurrence of) illiquidity, operational failures, defaults, non-performance or other material and adverse developments that impact financial institutions and transactional counterparties, or other entities within the financial services industry at large, have previously caused, and could continue to cause, market-wide liquidity issues, bank-runs and general contagion across the global financial industry. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC was subsequently appointed as a receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each placed into receivership. While the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC and the U.S. Department of Treasury collectively agreed to guarantee all deposits, above and beyond the limit on insured deposits of 250,000 at these financial institutions, there can be no assurance that there will not be additional bank failures or issues in the broader financial system. Likewise, there is no guarantee that any of the U.S. Department of Treasury, the FDIC or the Federal Reserve Board will provide access to any additional uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure or failure of any other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so promptly or in a timely fashion. Additionally, substantial and rapid increases in interest rates and inflation have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. While the U.S. Department of Treasury, Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, the liquidity needs of financial institutions, including as a result of widespread demands for customer withdrawals, may exceed the capacity of such program. 
 Furthermore, we and other parties with who we conduct business and engage commercially may be unable to access critical funds in deposit accounts or other accounts held with a closed or failing financial institution or pursuant to lending arrangements with such financial institutions. Accordingly, in such instance, our ability to pay our obligations, and any of our counterparties ability to pay their respective obligations, or enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments, could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our current backlog of contract drilling revenue may not be fully realized, which may have a material adverse impact on our consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our owned fleet had total drilling contract backlog of approximately 217.2 million (includes 61.2 million for rigs owned by third parties where we enter into contracts directly with customers and lease the rigs through bareboat charters from the rig owners. The terms of the bareboat charters are consistent with the management agreements, resulting in the same financial impact to us had the rigs remained under the management agreements.) This amount was calculated based on certain estimates and assumptions regarding operations and payments to be received under such drilling contracts. Although management believes that such estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual amounts received under these contracts could materially differ from the projected amount. Material differences between the projected contract backlog amount and the amounts actually received pursuant to such contracts could be caused by a number of factors, including rig downtime or suspension of operations. We may not be able to realize the full amount of our contract backlog due to events beyond our control. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have experienced, and could continue to experience, a lack of profitable operations in the near- and long-term. 
 We have recently experienced, and could continue to experience, operational losses, which may negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives and profitability. Specifically, we incurred a net loss of 3.4 million and 110.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we experienced negative cash flow from operations. We can provide no assurance that we can achieve profitability or sustain cash flow positive operations on a quarterly or annual basis in the near- or long-term. Moreover, our business and results of operations have been, and could continue to be, negatively impacted by general economic and other market conditions in the industry in which we operate, many of which are out of our control. Declines in the demand for our contract drilling services and dayrates for the services we provide, and any protracted downturn in the oil and gas industry, could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to achieve profitable operations and exacerbate other risks which impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 Changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our tax returns could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, treaties, and regulations both internationally and domestically. Tax laws, treaties and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Our income tax expense is based upon the interpretation of the tax laws in effect in various countries at the time that the expense was incurred. A change in these tax laws, treaties or regulations, or in the interpretation thereof, could result in a materially higher tax expense or a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings. 
 Our consolidated effective income tax rate is impacted by a mix between our domestic and international pretax earnings or losses, as well as the mix of the international tax jurisdictions in which we operate. The extent of the impact cannot be anticipated due to the uncertainty regarding the nature and extent of our business activities in any particular jurisdiction in the future and the tax laws of such jurisdictions. For example, in recent years we observed a global trend, in various jurisdictions, of enacted and proposed laws and regulations which aim to limit deductions, deny treaty benefits and /or impose additional taxes; all of these efforts are aligned with the base erosion and profit shifting framework. Should we operate in any of the locations where this trend is ongoing, our financial position and business operations may be adversely impacted. 
 A loss of a tax dispute or a successful tax challenge to our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our subsidiaries in certain countries could result in a higher tax rate on our worldwide earnings, which could in turn result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Income tax returns that we file will be subject to review and examination. We recognize the benefit of income tax positions we believe are more likely than not to be sustained upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our subsidiaries in certain countries, if the terms of certain tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure, or if we lose a material tax dispute in any jurisdiction, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase substantially and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 U.S. Holders will be required to pay U.S. taxes on their share of VDI s income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from VDI. 
 Because VDI is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders will be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, U.S. state and local income taxes on their share of VDI s taxable income. Given VDI s current structure as a holding entity with no direct operations at the VDI level, we do not currently expect to generate material positive taxable income at VDI in the near term. However, to the extent VDI does generate positive taxable income, U.S. Holders would still be required to pay U.S. taxes on their share of said income regardless of whether or not we make corresponding distributions to our equity holders. In addition, we cannot assure you that our current structure will not change in the future. U.S. Holders may not receive cash distributions from VDI equal to their share of VDI s taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from their share of VDI s taxable income. 
 An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes may, unless an exception applies, nonetheless be taxable as a corporation if it is a publicly traded partnership. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership is a publicly traded partnership if (1) interests in the partnership are traded on an established securities market or (2) interests in the partnership are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. It is likely that VDI will be treated as a publicly traded partnership. However, an exception to taxation as a corporation, referred to as the Qualifying Income Exception, exists if at least 90 of such partnership s gross income for every taxable year consists of qualifying income and the partnership is not required to register under the Investment Company Act. Qualifying income includes certain interest income, dividends, real property rents, gains from the sale or other disposition of real property, and any gain from the sale or disposition of a capital asset or other property held for the production of income that otherwise constitutes qualifying income. VDI believes that it currently meets, and expects that it will continue to meet, the Qualifying Income Exception. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Distributions made by VDI may reduce a U.S. Holder s tax basis in the Ordinary Shares, and therefore, U.S. Holders may realize a greater gain on the disposition of their Ordinary Shares than they otherwise may expect, and may have a tax gain even if the price they receive in a disposition of their Ordinary Shares is less than their original tax basis. 
 If U.S. Holders sell their Ordinary Shares, they will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those Ordinary Shares. Prior distributions in excess of the total net taxable income allocated decrease a U.S. Holder s tax basis and will, in effect, become taxable income if Ordinary Shares are sold at a price greater than their tax basis, even if the price received is less than the U.S. Holder s original tax basis. Future cash distributions that exceed the U.S. Holder s tax basis would result in a gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 In the case of a disposition of our Ordinary Shares, VDI s debt must be taken into account under the partnership tax accounting rules. 
 From time to time, VDI may incur debt for a variety of reasons. Under partnership tax accounting principles, VDI s debt will generally be allocable to holders of VDI s Ordinary Shares, and the holders will include their respective allocable shares of the debt in the U.S. federal income tax basis of their Ordinary Shares. A holder s U.S. federal income tax basis in VDI s Ordinary Shares will be adjusted for, among other things, distributions of cash, if any, and allocations of items of VDI s income, gain, loss and deduction. At the time a U.S. Holder of VDI s Ordinary Shares later sells its Ordinary Shares, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. Holder s amount realized on the sale will include not only the sales price of the Ordinary Shares but also the U.S. Holder s portion of VDI s indebtedness that is allocable to those Ordinary Shares. 
 U.S. tax-exempt holders and non-U.S. Holders face unique U.S. tax issues from owning Ordinary Shares that may result in adverse U.S. tax consequences to them. 
 Organizations exempt from U.S. federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code are subject to tax on unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). UBTI arises primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on or as income from debt-financed property. U.S. tax-exempt holders of Ordinary Shares generally would be subject to tax on their allocable shares of UBTI realized by VDI in the same manner as if such UBTI were realized directly by such organizations. Debt-financed property means property held to produce income with respect to which there is acquisition indebtedness (i.e., indebtedness incurred in acquiring or holding property). As VDI has incurred acquisition indebtedness (such as, for example, the 9.25 First Lien Notes and the 9.50 First Lien Notes), U.S. tax-exempt holders of Ordinary Shares may be subject to the tax on UBTI on their investment (for so long as VDI is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and has acquisition indebtedness). 
 VDI expects to conduct its affairs so that it will not be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a consequence, VDI expects that (i) non-U.S. Holders will not be subject to U.S. federal tax on a net income basis with respect to the income of VDI, and (ii) VDI will not be required to withhold tax under Section 1446 of the Code with respect to non-U.S. Holders. If, however, VDI were determined to be engaged in a trade or business within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and had income effectively connected therewith, then, in the case of a non-U.S. Holder; (a) the share of VDI s income that is effectively connected with such trade or business that is allocable to such non-U.S. Holder could be subject to U.S. federal income withholding tax at a rate equal to the highest applicable U.S. federal income tax rate and such holder could be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and pay U.S. federal income tax on its allocable share of VDI s net effectively connected income; (b) all or a portion of the gain on the disposition (including by redemption) of Ordinary Shares by such non-U.S. Holder could be taxed as effectively connected income to the extent such gain is attributable to assets of VDI that generate effectively connected income; (c) if such non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, such income could be subject to an additional branch profits tax of 30 on its allocable share of VDI s effectively connected earnings and profits, adjusted as provided by law (subject to reduction by any applicable tax treaty); and (d) such non-U.S. Holder, whether or not a corporation, could be viewed as being engaged in a trade or business within the United States and as maintaining an office or other fixed place of business within the United States, and certain other income of such non-U.S. Holder could be treated as effectively connected income (for example, a non-U.S. Holder who, pursuant to an applicable tax treaty, is currently not subject to tax with respect to a trade or business within the United States because such holder does not have a permanent establishment in the United States could lose the benefits of the tax treaty as a result of its ownership of Ordinary Shares). 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We maintain offices, land bases and other facilities in several worldwide locations, including our principal executive offices in Houston, Texas, an operational, executive and marketing office in Dubai and a regional administrative office in Singapore. We lease all of these facilities. 
 The description of our drilling fleet included under Business in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part I, Item 2. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information regarding the Company s legal proceedings is set forth in Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part I, Item 3. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 P ART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Prices and Distributions 
 Since February 2020, our Ordinary Shares have been quoted on the OTC Pink Open Market under the symbol VTDRF. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The following chart lists the range of high and low closing bid prices for shares of the Company s common stock for each quarterly period within the last two fiscal years. 

High Bid 

Low Bid 

Fiscal Year 2021: 

First Quarter 

4.00 

1.26 

Second Quarter 

3.50 

2.00 

Third Quarter 

4.25 

2.25 

Fourth Quarter 

5.90 

2.70 

Fiscal Year 2022: 

First Quarter 

11.02 

5.55 

Second Quarter 

18.00 

9.20 

Third Quarter 

17.50 

13.00 

Fourth Quarter 

18.00 

14.20 

Many of our shareholders hold shares electronically, all of which are owned by a nominee of DTC. As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 155 holders of record of our Ordinary Shares. 
 The Board of Directors declared the Special Cash Distribution to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 10, 2019. 
 Other than the Special Cash Distribution, we have not made any cash or other distributions in respect of our New Shares to date and do not anticipate paying cash distributions in the immediate future as we contemplate that our cash flows will be used for debt reduction and growth. The payment of future distributions, if any, will be determined by the Board of Directors in light of the conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions and other factors. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants under the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness, including restrictions on our ability to pay any cash distributions. 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 The ability to make share repurchases is subject to, among other things, the discretion of our Board of Directors and the covenants in our credit agreement. There are no share repurchase programs outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 There were no repurchases of equity securities during the fiscal fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Information regarding the Company s shares available for issuance in connection with equity compensation plans is set forth in Note 6. Shareholders' Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 5 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion is intended to assist you in understanding our financial position and our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Item 1. Business , Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Annual Report. Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 Overview 
 We are an international offshore drilling company focused on operating a fleet of modern, high specification drilling units. Our principal business is to contract drilling units, related equipment and work crews, primarily on a dayrate basis to drill oil and gas wells 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 for our customers. Through our fleet of drilling units we are a provider of offshore contract drilling services to major, national and independent oil and gas companies, focused on international markets. Additionally, for drilling units owned by others, we provide operational and marketing services for operating and stacked rigs, construction supervision services for rigs that are under construction and preservation management services for rigs that are stacked. 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our owned, managed and supported offshore drilling fleet as of March 13, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Year Built 
 
 Water Depth Rating (feet) 

Drilling Depth Capacity (feet) 

Location 
 
 Status 

Owned Rigs: 

Jackups 

Topaz Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Egypt 
 Operating 

Soehanah 
 
 2007 

375 

30,000 

Indonesia 
 Operating 

Drillships (1) 

Platinum Explorer 
 
 2010 

12,000 

40,000 

India 
 Operating 

Tungsten Explorer 
 
 2013 

12,000 

40,000 

Namibia 
 Operating 

Third Party Owned Rigs: 

Drillships 

Polaris 
 
 2008 

10,000 

37,500 

India 
 
 Operating 

Aquarius 
 
 2008 

10,000 

35,000 

Spain 
 
 Warm stacked 

Capella 
 
 2008 

10,000 

37,500 

Labuan 
 
 Mobilizing 

Jackups 

Emerald Driller 
 
 2008 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

Sapphire Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

Aquamarine Driller 
 
 2009 

375 

30,000 

Qatar 
 
 Operating 

(1) The drillships are designed to drill in up to 12,000 feet of water and are currently equipped to drill in 10,000 feet of water. 

Business Outlook 
 Expectations about future oil and gas prices have historically been a key driver of demand for our services. Over the past 18 months, global oil prices have experienced a robust recovery resulting in the strongest annual performance (on a price-per-barrel basis) since 2012. During 2022, specifically Brent crude oil reached a high of approximately 125.00 per barrel in March 2022; although Brent crude ultimately settled at approximately 85.00 per barrel on the last day of trading in December 2022. The relatively elevated prices exhibited in 2022 were due to, among other factors, the (i) OPEC+ countries agreement in 2020 to reduce production by almost 10 million barrels per day, representing approximately 10 of the world's output compared with demand for approximately 96 million barrels a day, and their recent agreement to boost production, but only in measured steps, (ii) development, efficacy, availability and utilization of vaccines for COVID-19, (iii) the reopening of global economies, (iv) injection of substantial government monetary and fiscal stimulus and (v) the ongoing energy supply crisis driven by a shortage of fuel within recovering economies and anticipated extreme weather across Europe and northeast Asia, along with years of under investment in oil reserve replacement all of which has been exacerbated by global turmoil, and political and market instability caused by the Russo-Ukrainian War. 
 Notwithstanding the elevated prices of oil exhibited during the prior 18-month period, market volatility and uncertainty largely remain and the oil and gas industry continues to be materially impacted and shaped by external factors which have influenced its overall development and recovery, including global macroeconomic challenges resulting from inflationary pressures and potential recessionary conditions, as well as geopolitical and market instability caused by the Russo-Ukrainian War. In response to these challenges, OPEC+ agreed on October 5, 2022 to a production cut of two million barrels per day, an amount which constitutes approximately 2.0 of overall global oil production. While the U.S. intends to release additional barrels from its strategic oil reserve in response to these production cuts, the actions taken by OPEC+ could contribute to, among other things, greater inflationary pressures and sharp price increases to oil and gas in the near- and long-term. Moreover, the Russo-Ukrainian War has caused, and could continue to cause for the foreseeable future, significant instability, disruption, uncertainty and volatility in the hydrocarbon industry and the global markets at large. Further geopolitical developments could occur, including a possible agreement relating to Iran s nuclear deal and the subsequent suspension of U.S. sanctions in Iran (which could result in, among other things, the influx of Iranian crude oil into the global markets), any of which could significantly impact our business and operations. With higher crude oil prices there is the potential for increased production from U.S. shale producers and non-OPEC countries, which could lead to significant increases in the overall global oil and gas supply, and result in reduced commodity prices. 
 In addition, the opening of economies, supply chain constraints and limitations occurring throughout the world and across various industries, and the injection of significant levels of governmental monetary and fiscal stimulus to avoid a recession during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic, collectively contributed to the highest level of inflation in decades across the U.S., the United Kingdom, 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Europe and the global community at large. In the U.S., for example, the Consumer Price Index reached a 40-year high in June 2022. While such rates are expected to ease incrementally in the near-term, our operations could be materially and adversely impacted by any exacerbation to global inflation, including in the form of increases in personnel costs and the prices of goods and services required to operate our rigs. Given that we enter into fixed dayrate contracts that have contractual terms with minimal adjustments to account for rising inflation, the majority (if not all) of these costs would be borne by us. While we are currently unable to estimate the ultimate impact of inflation, including the associated impact on the prices of goods and services, our costs could rise in the near-term and materially impact our profitability and overall financial condition. 
 Furthermore, central banks and regulators across the world have raised, and they could continue to raise, interest rates in an attempt to gain further control over and reduce inflation in their respective jurisdictions. Such efforts being undertaken by central banks and regulators could tip the global economy into a recession, which could materially and adversely impact demand for oil and gas and, in the process, demand for our services. 
 As a result of such volatility, disruption, instability and uncertainty, operators have faced, and will generally continue to face, difficulties when attempting to definitively plan their capital budget programs for the near- and long- term. 
 Backlog 
 The following table reflects a summary of our contract drilling backlog coverage of days contracted and related revenue as of December 31, 2022 based on information made available as of that date. 

Percentage of Days Contracted 

Revenues Contracted (in thousands) 

2023 
 
 2024 
 
 Beyond 

2023 

2024 

Beyond 

Backlog 

Jackups 
 43 
 
 0 

0 

14,658 

3,956 

Drillships 
 76 
 
 0 

0 

106,282 

20,863 

Third party owned rigs (1) 
 62 
 
 50 

20 

65,299 

5,881 

219 

(1) The amounts consist of (i) a fixed management fee paid to us pursuant to the applicable management agreement; (ii) a marketing fee paid to us pursuant to the applicable marketing agreement; (iii) a fixed management fee paid to us pursuant to the applicable EDC Support Services Agreements; or (iv) contract backlog attributable to rigs owned by third parties where we enter into contracts directly with customers and lease the rigs through bareboat charters from the rig owners. These amounts exclude any variable fee payable to us pursuant to the applicable management agreement. The terms of the bareboat charters are consistent with the management agreements, resulting in the same financial impact to us had the rigs remained under the management agreements. 

Results of Operations 
 Operating results for our contract drilling services are dependent on three primary metrics: available days, rig utilization and dayrates. The following table sets forth this selected operational information for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 (5) 

2021 (5) 

2020 (5) 

Jackups 

Rigs available 

2 

2 

5 

Available days (1) 

638 

730 

1,795 

Utilization (2) 

72.7 

68.9 

56.5 

Average daily revenues (3) 

66,198 

106,732 

60,633 

Deepwater 

Rigs available 

2 

2 

2 

Available days (1) 

730 

730 

1,098 

Utilization (2) 

94.2 

38.4 

38.9 

Average daily revenues (3) 

155,283 

109,043 

118,129 

Sold Rigs/Held for Sale (4) 

Rigs available 

3 

3 

Available days (1) 

438 

1,095 

Utilization (2) 

43.6 

64.4 

N/A 

Average daily revenues (3) 

73,142 

67,229 

N/A 

(1) Available days are the total number of rig calendar days in the period and excludes rigs under bareboat charter contracts to third parties. 

(2) Utilization is calculated as a percentage of the actual number of revenue earning days divided by the available days in the period. A revenue earning day is defined as a day for which a rig earns dayrate after commencement of operations. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 (3) Average daily revenues are based on contract drilling revenues divided by revenue-earning days. Average daily revenue will differ from average contract dayrate due to billing adjustments for any non-productive time, mobilization fees and demobilization fees. 

(4) Each of these rigs were classified as held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets during the Current Year and at December 31, 2021, up to the date of the EDC Closing Date. See Recent Developments Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report for additional information. 

(5) Excludes third party owned rigs operated by the Company. 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net loss for the Current Year was 3.4 million, or 0.26 per basic share, on operating revenues of 278.7 million, compared to net loss for the Prior Year of 110.1 million, or 8.40 per basic share, on operating revenues of 158.4 million. 
 The following table is an analysis of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Consolidated: 

Revenues 

Contract drilling services 

154,116 

131,703 

22,413 

17 

Management fees 

10,834 

2,351 

8,483 

361 

Reimbursables and other 

113,766 

24,366 

89,400 

367 

Total revenues 

278,716 

158,420 

120,296 

76 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

234,832 

150,668 

84,164 

56 

General and administrative 

23,009 

20,539 

2,470 

12 

Depreciation 

44,428 

56,242 

(11,814) 

-21 

Gain on EDC Sale 

(61,409) 

(61,409) 

Total operating costs and expenses 

240,860 

227,449 

13,411 

6 

Income (loss) from operations 

37,856 

(69,029) 

106,885 

-155 

Other (expense) income 

Interest income 

1,108 

124 

984 

794 

Interest expense and financing charges 

(34,351) 

(34,034) 

(317) 

1 

Other, net 

(3,668) 

(2,171) 

(1,497) 

69 

Total other expense 

(36,911) 

(36,081) 

(830) 

2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

945 

(105,110) 

106,055 

-101 

Income tax provision 

4,313 

5,141 

(828) 

-16 

Net loss 

(3,368) 

(110,251) 

106,883 

-97 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(13) 

(114) 

101 

-89 

Net loss attributable to shareholders 

(3,355) 

(110,137) 

106,782 

-97 

Drilling Services: 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

151,509 

131,703 

19,806 

15 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

27,685 

15,114 

12,571 

83 

Total revenue 

179,194 

146,817 

32,377 

22 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

142,935 

140,138 

2,797 

2 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

42,813 

54,565 

(11,752) 

-22 

Gain on EDC sale 

Total operating costs and expenses 

185,748 

194,703 

(8,955) 

-5 

Loss from operations 

(6,554) 

(47,886) 

41,332 

-86 

Managed Services: 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

2,607 

2,607 

Management fees 

10,834 

2,351 

8,483 

361 

Reimbursables and other 

86,081 

9,252 

76,829 

830 

Total revenue 

99,522 

11,603 

87,919 

758 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

91,896 

10,530 

81,366 

773 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Gain on EDC sale 

Total operating costs and expenses 

91,896 

10,530 

81,366 

773 

Income from operations 

7,626 

1,073 

6,553 

611 

n/m = not meaningful 

Consolidated Revenue: Total revenue increased 120.3 million due primarily to an increase in operating activities in the Current Year as discussed below. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Drilling Services Revenue : Contract drilling revenue increased 19.8 million for the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year. The increase in contract drilling revenue was primarily the result of the Tungsten Explorer operating during the Current Year compared to the rig being warm stacked during most of the Prior Year and the Platinum Explorer operating 93 more days and at a higher day rate during the Current Year than in the Prior Year. This increase was offset by lower contract drilling revenue for the three jackup rigs included in the EDC Sale (as discussed in Recent Developments - Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report) and the Topaz Driller operating fewer days during the Current Year due to routine maintenance. Reimbursables and other revenue increased 12.6 in the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year primarily as a result of the changes in drilling contracts (as discussed immediately above). 
 Managed Services Revenue: Contract drilling revenue increased 2.6 million in the Current Year due to the Polaris , which began operating under a bareboat charter for the Company. Management fees increased 8.5 million in the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year primarily due to the Capella operating during the Current Year, which we began managing in March 2022 as well as the management of the rigs included in the EDC Sale. The increase in Reimbursables and other revenue for the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year is primarily as a result of the management of the deepwater floaters owned by Aquadrill. 
 Consolidated Operating Costs: Total operating costs increased 56 due primarily to an increase in operating activities in the Current Year as discussed below. 
 Drilling Services Operating Costs: Drilling Services Operating costs for the Current Year increased 2 as compared to the Prior Year primarily as a result of changes in activity (as discussed in Drilling Services Revenue above). This increase was partially offset by the sale of various assets during the Current Year and the recognition of a net gain of approximately 1.9 million related to the sale of these assets. The Prior Year includes the sale of the Titanium Explorer and the recognition of a net gain of approximately 2.8 million related to the sale of such asset. 
 Managed Services Operating Costs: The increase in Managed Services operating costs in the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year is the result of our management of certain deepwater floaters (as discussed in Managed Services Revenue above). 
 General and Administrative Expenses: Increases in general and administrative expenses for the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year were primarily due to increased labor costs as the result of the reversal of cost cutting initiatives implemented during 2020 and higher professional fees. General and administrative expenses for the Prior Year included approximately 0.3 million for non-cash share-based compensation expense. Non-cash share-based compensation expense for the Current Year was immaterial. 
 Depreciation Expense: Depreciation expense is primarily related to rigs owned by us included in our Drilling Services segment. The Managed Services segment does not currently own depreciable assets. Depreciation expense for the Current Year decreased 21 as compared to the Prior Year, due primarily to a decrease in depreciation expense on the three jackup rigs that were classified as held for sale as of December 20, 2021 and subsequently sold in connection with the EDC Sale which closed on May 27, 2022). 
 Gain on EDC Sale: During the Current Year, we recorded a net gain of approximately 61.4 million related to the EDC Sale. See Recent Developments - Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report for additional details. 
 Interest Income: Increases in interest income for the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year were due primarily to higher interest rates during the Current Year, which were partially offset by lower cash investments. 
 Interest Expense and Financing Charges: Interest expense and financing charges includes non-cash deferred financing costs totaling approximately 2.4 million for the Current Year which included a 0.7 million write-off of deferred financing costs as a result of the partial redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes as described in Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, and 1.6 million for the Prior Year. 
 Other, Net: Our functional currency is USD; however, a portion of the revenues earned and expenses incurred by certain of our subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than USD. These transactions are remeasured in USD based on a combination of both current and historical exchange rates. A net foreign currency exchange gain of 3.7 million and 2.2 million were included in Other, net, for the Current Year and the Prior Year, respectively. 
 Income Tax Provision: Income tax expense decreased in the Current Year as compared to the Prior Year, mainly due to the change in jurisdictions of operations. Our income taxes are generally dependent upon the results of our operations and the local income tax regimes in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In some jurisdictions, we do not pay taxes or receive benefits for certain income and expense items, including interest expense and disposal gains or losses. In other jurisdictions, we are subject to income taxes on a net income basis or a deemed profit basis. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Net loss for the Prior Year was 110.1 million, or 8.40 per basic share, on operating revenues of 158.4 million, compared to net loss for the Previous Year of 276.7 million, or 21.10 per basic share, on operating revenue of 126.9 million. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table is an analysis of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Consolidated: 

Revenues 

Contract drilling services 

131,703 

112,013 

19,690 

18 

Management fees 

2,351 

798 

1,553 

195 

Reimbursables and other 

24,366 

14,051 

10,315 

73 

Total revenues 

158,420 

126,862 

31,558 

25 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

150,668 

149,084 

1,584 

1 

General and administrative 

20,539 

21,022 

(483) 

-2 

Depreciation 

56,242 

69,216 

(12,974) 

-19 

Loss on impairment 

128,876 

(128,876) 

-100 

Total operating costs and expenses 

227,449 

368,198 

(140,749) 

-38 

Loss from operations 

(69,029) 

(241,336) 

172,307 

-71 

Other (expense) income 

Interest income 

124 

871 

(747) 

-86 

Interest expense and financing charges 

(34,034) 

(34,041) 

7 

0 

Other, net 

(2,171) 

2,646 

(4,817) 

-182 

Total other expense 

(36,081) 

(30,524) 

(5,557) 

18 

Loss before income taxes 

(105,110) 

(271,860) 

166,750 

-61 

Income tax provision 

5,141 

4,897 

244 

5 

Net loss 

(110,251) 

(276,757) 

166,506 

-60 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(114) 

(38) 

(76) 

200 

Net loss attributable to shareholders 

(110,137) 

(276,719) 

166,582 

-60 

Drilling Services: 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

131,703 

112,013 

19,690 

18 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

15,114 

13,634 

1,480 

11 

Total revenue 

146,817 

125,647 

21,170 

17 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

140,138 

148,444 

(8,306) 

-6 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

54,565 

66,427 

(11,862) 

-18 

Loss on impairment 

128,876 

(128,876) 

-100 

Total operating costs and expenses 

194,703 

343,747 

(149,044) 

-43 

Loss from operations 

(47,886) 

(218,100) 

170,214 

-78 

Managed Services: 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

Management fees 

2,351 

798 

1,553 

195 

Reimbursables and other 

9,252 

417 

8,835 

n/m 

Total revenue 

11,603 

1,215 

10,388 

855 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Operating costs 

10,530 

640 

9,890 

n/m 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total operating costs and expenses 

10,530 

640 

9,890 

n/m 

Income from operations 

1,073 

575 

498 

87 

n/m = not meaningful 

Consolidated Revenue : Total revenue increased 31.6 million due primarily to an increase in operating activities in the Prior Year. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Drilling Services Revenue : Contract drilling revenue increased 19.7 million for the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year. The increase in contract drilling revenue was primarily the result of the number of rigs that were operational, with six in the Prior Year (including the three jackup rigs classified as held for sale as discussed in Recent Developments - Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding in this Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report) compared to three in the Previous Year. Reimbursables and other revenue increased 1.5 million in the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year, primarily because of the number of our rigs which were operational, offset by decreased reimbursable revenue on the Tungsten Explorer as a result of lower utilization in the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year. 
 Managed Services Revenue : Management fees increased 1.6 million for the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year as a result of our management of certain deepwater floaters owned by the Aquadrill Entities, which we began managing during the first quarter of 2021. The increase in Reimbursable and other revenue for the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year is primarily the result of our management of the deepwater floaters owned by Aquadrill (as discussed immediately above). 
 Consolidated Operating Costs : Total operating costs increased 1 due primarily to an increase in operating activities in the (Prior Year as discussed immediately below). 
 Drilling Services Operating Costs : Drilling Services operating costs for the Prior Year decreased 6 as compared to the Previous Year primarily as a result of (i) decreases on the Platinum Explorer and Tungsten Explorer due to lower utilization in the Prior Year compared to the Previous Year, (ii) the close of the sale of the Titanium Explorer on March 10, 2021, and (iii) the recognition of a net gain of 2.8 million related to the sale of the Titanium Explorer . Operating costs for the Previous Year included approximately 5.0 million for bad debt expense associated with our Trade receivables and 1.8 million in fuel and helicopter costs that would otherwise be a cost to the customer. These amounts represent our customer s decision not to pay us for days impacted by what we believe are force majeure and other events for which we would be entitled to receive payment under our contract. 
 Managed Services Operating Costs : The increase in Managed Services operating costs in the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year is the result of the management of certain deepwater floaters (as discussed in Managed Services Revenue above.) 
 General and Administrative Expenses : Decreases in general and administrative expenses for the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year were primarily due to cost cutting initiatives implemented in 2020 to reflect the lower levels of operating activity in the Previous Year. General and administrative expenses for the Prior Year and for the Previous Year include approximately 0.3 million and 1.1 million, respectively, for non-cash share-based compensation expense. 
 Depreciation Expense : Depreciation expense is primarily related to rigs owned by us included in our Drilling Services segment. The Managed Services segment does not currently own depreciable assets. Depreciation expense for the Prior Year decreased 19 as compared to the Previous Year, due primarily to a 11.5 million decrease in depreciation expense on the Titanium Explorer , which was classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2020 and subsequently sold on March 10, 2021. 
 Loss on Impairment : During the three months ended September 30, 2020, we evaluated our deepwater drilling rigs that had indicators of impairment and determined that the carrying value of our longer-term warm stacked drillship, the Titanium Explorer , was impaired. As a result, we recognized a non-cash loss on impairment of 128.9 million and no impact in 2021. 
 Interest Income : Interest income for the Prior Year decreased 0.7 million as compared to the Previous Year due primarily to lower interest rates earned on lower cash investments during the Prior Year. 
 Interest Expense and Financing Charges : Interest expense and financing charges includes non-cash deferred financing costs totaling approximately 1.6 million for each of the Prior Year and the Previous Year. 
 Other, net : We recorded a gain of 2.3 million during the Previous Year related to the settlement agreement between the Company and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and VDC and its subsidiaries, on the other. See Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional detail on the settlement agreement. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7. 
 Our functional currency is USD; however, a portion of the revenues earned and expenses incurred by certain of our subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than USD. These transactions are remeasured in USD based on a combination of both current and historical exchange rates. A net foreign currency exchange gain of 2.2 million and 0.4 million were included in other, net, for the Prior Year and the Previous Year, respectively. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Income tax provision : Income tax expense increased in the Prior Year as compared to the Previous Year, mainly due to the change in jurisdictions of operations. Our income taxes are generally dependent upon the results of our operations and the local income tax regimes in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In some jurisdictions, we do not pay taxes or receive benefits for certain income and expense items, including interest expense and disposal gains or losses. In other jurisdictions, we are subject to income taxes on a net income basis or a deemed profit basis. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Our anticipated cash flow needs, both in the short- and long-term, will generally include: (i) normal recurring operating expenses; (ii) planned and discretionary capital expenditures; (iii) repayments of interest; and (iv) certain contractual cash obligations and commitments. Moreover, we may, from time to time, elect to redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire outstanding 9.50 First Lien Notes through open market purchases, tender offers or pursuant to the terms of such securities. We currently expect to fund our cash flow needs with cash generated by our operations, cash on hand or proceeds from sales of assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we believe we maintain adequate cash reserves and are continuously managing our actual cash flow and cash forecasts. Accordingly, management believes that we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations for the twelve months following the date our Consolidated Financial Statements are issued and therefore, our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared under the going concern assumption. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 96.2 million, including approximately 74.0 million of cash available for general corporate purposes. Scheduled debt service requirements consist of interest payments of approximately 5.1 million related to the 9.25 First Lien Notes, which were redeemed in full on March 6, 2023 (see Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information pertaining to the redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes) and approximately 9.5 million related to the 9.50 First Lien Notes through December 31, 2023. We anticipate that our capital expenditures through December 31, 2023 will be between approximately 5.9 million and approximately 7.3 million. As our rigs obtain new contracts, we could incur reactivation and mobilization costs for these rigs, as well as customer requested equipment upgrades. These costs could be significant and may not be fully recoverable from the customer. Based on our currently anticipated levels of activity and incremental expenditures through December 31, 2022 for special periodic surveys, major repair and maintenance expenditures and equipment recertifications, our capital expenditures for 2023 are anticipated to be between approximately 14.5 million and approximately 17.7 million. 
 Concurrently with the issuance of the 9.25 First Lien Notes, we entered into a letter of credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG (the Credit Suisse Letter Agreement to replace the letter of credit facility formerly existing under the 2016 Term Loan Facility. The Credit Suisse Letter Agreement provided for up to 50.0 million in letters of credit, with all outstanding letters of credit being cash collateralized. The Credit Suisse Letter Agreement expired in November 2022. We subsequently transitioned our letter of credit needs to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., which provides us with individual letters of credit on demand and not part of any formal letter of credit facility. These letters of credit support our bank guarantee and similar needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of 21.5 million, 13.6 million of which relate to bank guarantees supporting obligations under drilling contracts we no longer are a party to as they were included in the EDC Sale. In connection with the issuance of the 9.50 First Lien Notes, we are permitted to have up to 25.0 million in letters of credit outstanding to support our operations. As of March 24, 2023 we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of 11.4 million. This amount includes 3.6 million related to bank guarantees supporting obligations under drilling contracts we no longer are a party to as they were included in the EDC Sale which we expect to be released in 2023. 
 The table below includes a summary of our cash flow information for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cash flows (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(18,874) 

(70,391) 

(85,302) 

Investing activities 

191,523 

6,512 

(3,155) 

Financing activities 

(170,000) 

Changes in cash flows from operating activities are driven by changes in net (loss) income (see discussion of changes in net (loss) income above in Results of Operations in this Part II, Item 7). 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities in the Current Year include net proceeds of 198.7 million derived from the EDC Sale and 3.1 million derived from the sale of various assets. The Prior Year includes 13.6 million from the sale of the Titanium Explorer . 
 Cash flows used in financing activities in the Current Year include a partial redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes as discussed in Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 For a comparison of our Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022 . 
 The significant elements of the 9.25 First Lien Notes are described in Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7. 
 We enter into operating leases in the normal course of business for office space, housing, vehicles and specified operating equipment. Some of these leases contain options that would cause our future cash payments to change if we exercised those options. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 A description of our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 is set forth immediately below. Some of the figures discussed therein are based on our estimates and assumptions about these obligations, including their duration and other factors. The contractual obligations we may actually pay in future periods may vary from those reflected in the table because the estimates and assumptions are subjective. 
 Principal payments on the 9.25 First Lien Notes as discussed in Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report (the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7). 

Interest on the 9.25 First Lien Notes was payable at 9.25 in May and November or each year until the maturity date of the 9.25 First Lien Notes on November 15, 2023. See additional information regarding scheduled payments through December 31, 2023 above in Liquidity and Capital Resources in this Part II, Item 7, which is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7). 

Operating lease payments as discussed in Note 4. Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report (the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7). 

Our purchase obligations as discussed in Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report (the information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7). 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 We are subject to litigation, claims and disputes in the ordinary course of business, some of which may not be covered by insurance. Information regarding our legal proceedings is set forth in Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7. 
 There is an inherent risk in any litigation or dispute and no assurance can be given as to the outcome of any claims. We do not believe the ultimate resolution of any existing litigation, claims or disputes will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our significant accounting policies are included in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. While management believes current estimates are appropriate and reasonable, actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our financial operations. We have discussed the development, selection and disclosure of such policies and estimates with the audit committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Property and Equipment: Our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of the values of our drilling rigs included in the Drilling Services segment, are the most significant amount of our total assets. Maintenance and routine repairs are charged to income while replacements and betterments that upgrade or increase the functionality of our existing equipment and that significantly extend the useful life of an existing asset are capitalized. Significant judgments, assumptions and estimates may be required in determining whether or not such replacements and betterments meet the criteria for capitalization and in determining useful lives and salvage values of such assets. Changes in these judgments, assumptions and estimates could produce results that differ from those reported. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We evaluate the realization of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss on our property and equipment exists when estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized would be computed as the excess of the asset s carrying value over the estimated fair value. Estimates of future cash flows require us to make long-term forecasts of our future revenues and operating costs with regard to the assets subject to review. Our business, including the utilization rates and dayrates we receive for our drilling rigs, depends on the level of our customers expenditures for oil and gas exploration, development and production expenditures. Oil and gas prices and customers expectations of potential changes in these prices, the general outlook for worldwide economic growth, political and social stability in the major oil and gas producing basins of the world, availability of credit and changes in governmental laws and regulations, among many other factors, significantly affect our customers levels of expenditures. Sustained declines in or persistent depressed levels of oil and gas prices, worldwide rig counts and utilization, reduced access to credit markets, reduced or depressed sale prices of comparably equipped jackups and drillships and any other significant adverse economic news could require us to evaluate the realization of our drilling rigs. Management s assumptions are necessarily subjective and are an inherent part of our asset impairment evaluation, and the use of different assumptions could produce results that differ from those reported. Our methodology generally involves the use of significant unobservable inputs, representative of a Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we identified indicators that the carrying amounts of our deepwater asset groups may not be recoverable. Such indicators included the continued impact of COVID-19 on global economic activity and the resulting reductions and delays in deepwater oil and gas exploration and development plans on the part of operators leading to increased barriers for the reactivation of stacked rigs. As a result of our impairment testing, we determined that the carrying amount of our long-term warm stacked drillship, the Titanium Explorer , was impaired and we recognized a non-cash loss on impairment of 128.9 million as of September 30, 2020. The Company performed a recoverability analysis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and no impairment loss was recorded. 
 Income Taxes: VDI is a Cayman Islands company. The Cayman Islands do not impose corporate income taxes. Consequently, we have calculated income taxes based on the laws and tax rates in effect in the countries in which our operations are conducted, or in which we and our subsidiaries are considered resident for income tax purposes. We operate in multiple countries under different legal forms. As a result, we are subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and foreign tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. Tax rates vary between jurisdictions, as does the tax base to which the rates are applied. Taxes may be levied based on net profit before taxes or gross revenues or as withholding taxes on revenue. Determination of income tax expense in any jurisdiction requires the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. We recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 
 Our income tax expense may vary substantially from one period to another as a result of changes in the tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, foreign currency exchange restrictions and fluctuations, rig movements or our level of operations or profitability in each tax jurisdiction. Furthermore, our income taxes are generally dependent upon the results of our operations and when we generate significant revenues in jurisdictions where the income tax liability is based on gross revenues or asset values, there is no correlation to the net operating results and the income tax expense. 
 Furthermore, in some jurisdictions we do not pay taxes or pay taxes at low rates or receive benefits for certain income and expense items, including interest expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, gains or losses on disposal or transfer of assets, reorganization expenses and write-off of development costs. In certain jurisdictions we are taxed under preferential tax regimes, which may require our compliance with specified requirements to sustain the tax benefits. We believe we are in compliance with the specified requirements and will continue to make all reasonable efforts to comply; however, our ability to meet the requirements of the preferential tax regimes may be affected by changes in laws or administrative practices, our business operations and other factors affecting the Company and industry, many of which are beyond our control. 
 We do not establish deferred tax liabilities for certain of our foreign earnings that we intend to indefinitely reinvest to finance foreign activities. Should a future distribution be made from any unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, we may be required to record additional taxes in certain jurisdictions. However, it is not practical at this time to estimate the unremitted earnings or the potential tax liability due to the complexity of the hypothetical calculations. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. We provide for deferred taxes on temporary differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates which are expected to apply to taxable income when the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are also provided for certain tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 Recent Accounting Standards: See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. The information discussed therein is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Part II, Item 7. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Our rigs operate in various international locations and thus are sometimes subject to foreign exchange risk. We may from time to time also be exposed to certain commodity price risk, equity price risk and risks related to other market driven rates or prices. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The significant decline in worldwide exploration and production spending as a result of reduced oil prices since 2014 has negatively impacted the offshore contract drilling business as discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 Interest Rate Risk: As of December 31, 2022, we had no variable rate debt outstanding. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk. Our functional currency is USD, which is consistent with the oil and gas industry. However, outside the United States, a portion of our expenses are incurred in local currencies. Therefore, when USD weakens (strengthens) in relation to the currencies of the countries in which we operate, our expenses reported in USD will increase (decrease). A substantial majority of our revenues are received in USD, our functional currency; however, in certain countries in which we operate, local laws or contracts may require us to receive some payment in the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk to the extent the amount of our monetary assets denominated in the foreign currency differs from our obligations in that foreign currency. In order to mitigate the effect of exchange rate risk, we attempt to limit foreign currency holdings to the extent they are needed to pay liabilities in the local currency. To further manage our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, foreign exchange derivative instruments, specifically foreign exchange forward contracts, or spot purchases, may be used. A foreign exchange forward contract obligates us to exchange predetermined amounts of specified foreign currencies at specified exchange rates on specified dates or to make an equivalent USD payment equal to the value of such exchange. We do not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any open foreign exchange derivative contracts or material foreign currency exposure risk. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Vantage Drilling International 
 Houston, Texas 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vantage Drilling International (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Property and Equipment Impairment Assessment 
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable triggering events ). As a result of a triggering event identified during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company reviewed certain of its property and equipment for recoverability. An impairment is recorded when the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the property and equipment and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We identified the determination of the undiscounted future cash flows of certain of the Company s property and equipment used in the impairment assessment to be a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were certain of the judgments and estimates made by the Company to prepare the undiscounted cash flows, specifically the effects of dayrates and utilization metrics. Auditing these elements was challenging and required significant auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s assumptions. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of certain of the dayrates and utilization metrics assumptions used in the undiscounted cash flow estimates by (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of current backlog and (ii) considering available industry reports and data on supply and demand trends, as well as future oil and gas prices. 

Comparing the dayrates and utilization metrics assumptions used in the Company s undiscounted cash flow estimates to historical results to assess for management biases in the estimates. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vantage Drilling International 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of million each year 

Materials and supplies 

Assets held for sale 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Liabilities held for sale 

Total current liabilities 

Long term debt, net of discount and financing costs of and 

Other long-term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 8) 

Shareholders' equity 

Ordinary shares, par value, million shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding each year 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Controlling interest shareholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vantage Drilling International 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses 

Operating costs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Gain on EDC Sale 

() 

Loss on impairment 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense and other financing charges 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Loss per share 

Basic and Diluted 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vantage Drilling International 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity 
 (In thousands) 

Ordinary Shares 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) 

Non-Controlling Interests 

Total Equity (Deficit) 

Balances as of December 31, 2019 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based compensation - dividend equivalents (see Note 6) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based compensation - dividend equivalents (see Note 6) 

() 

() 

Contributions from holders of noncontrolling interests (see Note 9) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based compensation - dividend equivalents (see Note 6) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vantage Drilling International 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of debt financing costs 

Share-based compensation expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Deferred income tax expense 

(Gain)/loss on disposal of assets 

() 

() 

Gain on EDC Sale 

() 

Gain on settlement of restructuring agreement 

() 

Loss on impairment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables, net 

() 

() 

Materials and supplies 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Additions to property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from EDC Sale 

Net proceeds from sale of assets 

Net proceeds from sale of Titanium Explorer 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes (net of refunds) 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Conversion of ADES Shareholder loan to Additional paid-in-capital 

Reallocation of Soehanah jackup rig acquisition value from equipment to materials and supplies 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 VANTAGE DRILLING INTERNATIONAL NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the 9.50 First Lien Notes and entered into a purchase agreement with several investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell the 9.50 First Lien Notes (the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering to the purchasers in reliance on an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), Rule 144A and/or Regulation S of the Securities Act. On March 1, 2023, the Company closed on the sale of the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering. See Note 5. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering. Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding On December 6, 2021, VHI, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a certain Share Purchase Agreement (as amended, the EDC Purchase Agreement with ADES Arabia Holding ADES Arabia ), which wholly owns ADES, pursuant to which VHI agreed to sell to ADES Arabia all of the issued and outstanding equity of VHI s wholly owned subsidiary, EDC (the EDC Sale ). EDC is the owner of the following jackup rigs, each of which are currently operating in Qatar and were included within our Drilling Services segment: the Emerald Driller ; the Sapphire Driller ; and the Aquamarine Driller . The EDC Purchase Agreement became effective on December 20, 2021 and the transactions contemplated under the EDC Purchase Agreement closed on May 27, 2022 (the EDC Closing Date ). On the EDC Closing Date, VHI received million as purchase price consideration and million in certain contract preparation expense reimbursement. In accordance with the terms of the EDC Purchase Agreement, an additional million of proceeds was retained in an escrow fund (the Adjustment Escrow Fund as security for potential purchase price adjustments. During the third quarter of 2022, the entirety of the Adjustment Escrow Fund was released to ADES Arabia and a payment of million was paid by VHI to ADES Arabia to finalize the purchase price adjustments pursuant to the EDC Purchase Agreement. As a result of these transactions, VHI recognized a net gain of approximately million . Simultaneously with the EDC Sale, certain subsidiaries of the Company and ADES entered into three separate support services agreements (collectively, the EDC Support Services Agreements ), pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company agreed to provide, in exchange for customary fees and reimbursements, support services to EDC with respect of the Emerald Driller , Sapphire Driller and Aquamarine Driller for a term. The Company and ADES also entered into an agreement on December 6, 2021 (the Collaboration Agreement to pursue a global strategic alliance to leverage both the EDC Support Services Agreement and ADVantage, the parties existing joint venture in Egypt. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, the parties agreed to collaborate on exploring future commercial and operational opportunities. Tungsten Explorer Contract Award On June 9, 2022, a subsidiary of VDI entered into a drilling services contract with a subsidiary of TotalEnergies (the TotalEnergies Contract in respect of VDI s ultra-deepwater drillship, the Tungsten Explorer . The TotalEnergies Contract contains a minimum term of days, which commenced in the first quarter of 2023. Contractual Arrangements with Advanced Energy Services, S.A.E. On September 22, 2022, three wholly owned subsidiaries of VHI entered into several related agreements with Advanced Energy Services, S.A.E., a subsidiary of ADES ADES SAE and together with ADES Arabia, the ADES Group ), including a (i) secondment agreement, (ii) services agreement and (iii) bareboat charter agreement, in each case to support a drilling campaign that will utilize the Topaz Driller jackup rig (collectively, the ADES Ancillary Agreements ). The ADES Ancillary Agreements generally provide for: (a) reimbursement of loaned employee personnel costs plus a service fee; (b) a fixed fee based on days the rig is drilling; (c) a variable fee based on a percentage of gross margin generated on a monthly basis; and (d) reimbursement for purchases of supplies, equipment and personnel services, and other services provided at the request of ADES SAE. Fees earned in connection with the ADES Ancillary Agreements are included in Reimbursable and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations within the Drilling Services segment as reported in Note 10. Business Segment and Significant Customer Information of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . Ongoing Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic The global spread of COVID-19, including its highly contagious variants and sub-lineages, continues to pose significant risks and challenges worldwide, and has caused and continues to cause widespread illness and significant loss of life, leading governments across the world to impose and re-impose severely stringent and extensive limitations on movement and human interaction, with certain countries, including those where we maintain significant operations and derive material revenue, implementing quarantine, testing and vaccination requirements. These governmental reactions to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as changes to and extensions of such approaches, have led to, and continue to result in, uncertain and volatile economic activity worldwide, including within the oil and gas industry and the regions and countries in which we operate. The recent easing of COVID-19 related restrictions in China (including travel to, from and within China), along with the relatively low immunity rates within the population more generally, could contribute to an increase in the overall rate of infections from (and lead to further variants of) COVID-19. The extent, degree and impact of such increases and the prevalence of new and contagious variants are unknown at this time, but any adverse changes arising from COVID-19 could have a material and adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. While the Company has previously managed, and continues to actively manage, the business in an attempt to mitigate any ongoing and material impact from the spread of COVID-19, management anticipates that our industry, and the world at large, will need to continue to operate in, and further adapt, to the current environment for the foreseeable future. 

Non-current assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Net carrying amount 

As ADVantage is a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, it serves as a guarantor under the First Lien Indenture related to the 9.25 First Lien Notes and the 9.50 First Lien Notes. The 9.25 First Lien Notes and 9.50 First Lien Notes are secured by a first priority lien on all of the assets of ADVantage, subject to certain exceptions. Creditors recourse against ADVantage for liabilities of ADVantage is limited to the assets of ADVantage. See Note 9. Supplemental Financial Information of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding related party transactions associated with this joint venture. 

years on a straight-line basis as of the date placed in service. Other assets are depreciated upon placement in service over estimated useful lives ranging from three to on a straight-line basis. When assets are sold, retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is included in Operating costs or General and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, depending on the nature of the asset. We recognized net gain of approximately million and million, and a loss of approximately million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the sale or retirement of assets. Property and equipment held-for-sale is recorded at the lower of net book value or fair value less cost to sell. We evaluate the realization of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss on our property and equipment exists when estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized would be computed as the excess of the asset s carrying value over the estimated fair value. Estimates of future cash flows require us to make long-term forecasts of our future revenues and operating costs with regard to the assets subject to review. Our business, including the utilization rates and dayrates we receive for our drilling rigs, depends on the level of our customers expenditures for oil and gas exploration, development and production expenditures. Oil and gas prices and customers expectations of potential changes in these prices, the general outlook for worldwide economic growth, political and social stability in the major oil and gas producing basins of the world, availability of credit and changes in governmental laws and regulations, among many other factors, significantly affect our customers levels of expenditures. Sustained declines in or persistent depressed levels of oil and gas prices, worldwide rig counts and utilization, reduced access to credit markets, reduced or depressed sale prices of comparably equipped jackups and drillships and any other significant adverse economic news could require us to evaluate the realization of our drilling rigs. As a result of our impairment testing, we determined that the carrying amount of our longer-term warm stacked drillship, the Titanium Explorer , was impaired and we subsequently recognized a non-cash loss on impairment of million as of September 30, 2020. The Company performed a recoverability analysis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and impairment loss was recorded. Interest costs and the amortization of debt financing costs related to the financings of our drilling rigs are capitalized as part of the cost while they are under construction and prior to the commencement of each vessel s first contract. We did t capitalize any interest for the reported periods. 

statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or tax-deductible amounts and are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. We do not establish deferred tax liabilities for certain of our foreign earnings that we intend to indefinitely reinvest to finance foreign activities. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. We recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 
 to days. Outstanding receivables beyond payment terms are promptly investigated and discussed with the specific customer. customers accounted for approximately , , and of our consolidated trade receivables, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 and customers accounted for approximately , and of our consolidated trade receivables, net for the year ended December 31, 2021. Credit Losses Accounts Receivable: The allowance for credit losses is based on the Company s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. Current estimates of expected credit losses consider factors such as the historical experience and credit quality of our customers. The Company considers historical loss information as the most reasonable basis on which to determine expected credit losses unless current or forecasted future conditions for customers or customer groups indicate that risk characteristics have changed. We also considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated oil price and market share volatility on our allowance for credit losses on our current estimate of credit losses as of December 31, 2022 . The allowance for credit losses on our trade receivables was million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . This amount represents a customer s decision not to pay us for days impacted by what we believe were force majeure and other events for which we would still be entitled to receive payment under our contract with such customer. We disagree with their decision and are evaluating remedies, if any, under the contract. 

Restricted share equity awards 

Adjusted weighted average Ordinary Shares outstanding for diluted EPS 

Future potentially dilutive Ordinary Shares excluded from diluted EPS 

million, million and million, respectively, related to currency exchange rates. 
 2022 , the fair value of the 9.25 First Lien Notes was approximately million based on quoted market prices in a less active market, a Level 2 measurement. See Note 5. Debt of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the 9.25 First Lien Notes. 
 ; however, accelerated vesting is provided for in the event of a QLE. Otherwise, the settlement of any vested TBGs occurs upon the seventh anniversary of the effective date set forth in each individual award letter. PBGs granted under the 2016 Amended MIP contain vesting eligibility provisions tied to the earlier of a QLE or from the Effective Date. Upon the occurrence of a vesting eligibility event, the number of PBGs that actually vest will be dependent on the achievement of pre-determined TEV targets specified in the grants. Both the TBGs and PBGs were classified as liabilities consistent with the classification of the underlying securities prior to the Conversion. Following the Conversion, outstanding TBGs and PBGs were subject to modification accounting and were re-classified as equity awards. Under the provisions of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period from the grant date to the fourth-year vest date for TBGs. For PBGs, expense will be recognized when it is probable that the TEV targets will be met. Once it is probable the performance condition will be met, compensation expense based on the fair value of the PBGs at the conversion date of the Convertible Notes will be recognized for the service period completed to the seventh anniversary of the Effective Date for PBGs. 

changes in our estimates of future events during the contract term. Postponement fees received that are contingent upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of a future event are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Fees received for the mobilization or demobilization of equipment and personnel are included in Contract drilling services in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Capital Upgrade/Contract Preparation Revenue. In connection with certain contracts, we receive lump-sum fees or similar compensation for requested capital upgrades to our drilling rigs or for other contract preparation work. These activities are not considered to be distinct within the context of the contract and therefore, fees received are recorded as a contract liability and amortized to contract drilling revenues on a straight-line basis over the initial contract term. Charter Lease Revenue. In relation to certain bareboat charter agreements where we lease our owned rigs to third parties, we receive a fixed fee based on days the rig is drilling and in certain bareboat charter agreements we receive a variable fee based on a percentage of gross margin generated on a monthly basis. Revenues Related to Reimbursable Expenses. We generally receive reimbursements from our customers for the purchase of supplies, equipment, personnel services and other services provided at their request in accordance with a drilling contract or other agreement. We may be considered a principal or an agent in such transactions and therefore, we recognize reimbursable revenues and the corresponding costs either on a gross or net basis, as applicable, as we provide the customer requested goods and services. Disaggregation of Revenue 

Amortized revenue 

Charter lease revenue 

Reimbursable revenue 

Total revenue 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Jackups 

Deepwater 

Managed 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Dayrate revenue 

Amortized revenue 

Reimbursable revenue 

Total revenue 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Jackups 

Deepwater 

Managed 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Dayrate revenue 

Amortized revenue 

Charter lease revenue 

Reimbursable revenue 

Total revenue 

Dayrate revenue and amortized revenue for Jackups and Deepwater are included within Contract drilling services in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Dayrate revenue for Managed is included within Contract drilling services and Management fees within our Consolidated Statement of Operations. All other revenue is included within Reimbursables and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Accounts Receivable, Contract Liabilities and Contract Costs Accounts receivable are recognized when the right to consideration becomes unconditional based upon contractual billing schedules. Payment terms on customer invoices typically range from to . We recognize contract liabilities, recorded in other Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, for prepayments received from customers and for deferred revenue received for mobilization, contract preparation and capital upgrades. Certain direct and incremental costs incurred for contract preparation, initial mobilization and modifications of contracted rigs represent contract fulfillment costs as they relate directly to a contract, enhance resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligations in the future and are expected to be recovered. These costs are deferred as a current or noncurrent asset depending on the length of the initial contract term and are amortized on a straight-line basis to operating costs as services are rendered over the initial term of the related drilling contract. Costs incurred for capital upgrades are capitalized and depreciated over the useful life of the asset. Costs incurred for the demobilization of rigs at contract completion are recognized as incurred during the demobilization process. Costs incurred to mobilize a rig without a contract are expensed as incurred. 

Noncurrent contract cost assets 

Noncurrent contract cost assets - held for sale 

Current contract revenue assets 

Current contract revenue liabilities 

Noncurrent contract revenue liabilities 

1,903 

Increase due to contractual additions 

Decrease due to disposal of held for sale balances (2) 

() 

Decrease due to recognition 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) million in 2023 related to unsatisfied performance obligations existing as of December 31, 2022 , which includes million related to customer prefunding of reimbursables . 

 (2) Noncurrent c 

Operating lease cost (1) 
 General and administrative 

Sublease income 
 Operating costs 

() 

Sublease income 
 General and administrative 
 
 () 

() 

Total operating lease cost 

(1) million during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Operating cash flows used for operating leases approximates lease expense. 

Operating lease ROU assets - Held for sale 

Total leased assets 

Liabilities: 

Current operating 
 Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities - Held for sale 

Noncurrent operating 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities - Held for sale 

Total lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future lease payments 

Less imputed interest 
 
 () 

Present value of lease obligations 

The weighted average discount rate for operating leases was as of each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We entered into a bareboat charter contract in October 2022 to lease the Polaris , one of the Aquadrill rigs, to complete a drilling campaign with one of our customers. The bareboat charter contract is accounted for as a short-term operating lease with charter lease expense included in Operating costs and expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The bareboat charter contract on the Soehanah jackup rig was accounted for as an operating lease with charter revenue included in Reimbursables and other in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. In May 2019, the parties to the bareboat charter terminated the charterer s right to acquire the rig at the end of the term of the bareboat charter, which was originally intended to end on December 31, 2019. However, under the terms of the bareboat charter, the lease term continued until the rig was redelivered to the Company, which occurred on February 3, 2020. 

 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and , respectively 

Less current maturities of long-term debt 

Long-term debt, net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total debt (1) 

Less: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Future amortization of financing costs 

() 

Long-term debt 

(1) million on the 9.25 First Lien Notes. 

9.25 First Lien Notes. On November 30, 2018, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of 9.25 First Lien Notes in a private placement. The 9.25 First Lien Notes were issued at par and were fully guaranteed on senior secured basis, by the Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The 9.25 First Lien Notes were subject to first payment priority in favor of holders of up to million of future super-priority debt and were subject to both mandatory and optional redemption provisions. The 9.25 First Lien Notes were scheduled to mature on and bore interest from the date of their issuance at the rate of per year. Interest was computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and is payable semi-annually in arrears, commencing on May 15, 2019. Concurrently with the issuance of the 9.25 First Lien Notes, we entered into a letter of credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG (the Credit Suisse Letter Agreement to replace the letter of credit facility formerly existing under the 2016 Term Loan Facility. The Credit Suisse Letter Agreement provided for up to million in letters of credit, with all outstanding letters of credit being cash collateralized. The Credit Suisse Letter Agreement expired in November 2022. We subsequently transitioned our letter of credit needs to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., which provides us with individual letters of credit on demand and not part of any formal letter of credit facility. These letters of credit support our bank guarantee and similar needs. As of December 31, 2022 , we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of million, million of which relate to bank guarantees supporting obligations under drilling contracts we no longer are a party to as they were included in the EDC Sale. On November 22, 2022, the Company issued a notice of partial redemption (the Notice of Partial Redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes. Pursuant to the Notice of Partial Redemption, the Company gave the existing recordholders of the 9.25 First Lien Notes notice that it intended to redeem million of the outstanding 9.25 First Lien Notes on December 22, 2022 (the Redemption Date ), at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 9.25 First Lien Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, but not including, the date fixed for the redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes. On the Redemption Date, the Company made a payment of approximately million, an amount which included principal and interest. On February 3, 2023, the Company issued a notice of full conditional redemption (the Notice of Full Conditional Redemption pursuant to the First Lien Indenture. Pursuant to the Notice of Full Conditional Redemption, the Company gave existing recordholders of the 9.25 First Lien Notes notice that, upon the satisfaction of the Condition Precedent (as defined below), it intended to redeem all million of its outstanding 9.25 First Lien Notes at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 9.25 First Lien Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts (as defined in the First Lien Indenture), if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. The redemption of the 9.25 First Lien Notes was conditioned upon the receipt by the Company of proceeds from a completed debt financing in an amount sufficient, in the Company s opinion, to fund the Redemption Price on the date of redemption pursuant to the terms of the Indenture (the Condition Precedent ). The 9.25 First Lien Notes were redeemed in full on , using proceeds derived from the issuance of the 9.50 First Lien Notes (as discussed below). D ue the Company s intent and ability to replace the 9.25 First Lien Notes with the 9.50 First Lien Notes, which mature in 2028, the 9.25 First Lien Notes have been presented as long-term on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 9.50 First Lien Notes. On February 14, 2023, the Company priced an offering of million in aggregate principal amount of 9.50 First Lien Notes and entered into a purchase agreement with several investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell the 9.50 First Lien Notes (the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering to the purchasers in reliance on an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), Rule 144A and/or Regulation S of the Securities Act. On March 1, 2023, the Company closed on the sale of the 9.50 First Lien Notes. The proceeds derived from the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering were used (i) to redeem all outstanding 9.25 First Lien Notes (as discussed above), (ii) to pay fees and expenses related to the 9.50 First Lien Notes Offering and (iii) for general corporate purposes. The 9.50 First Lien Notes will mature on . The Company will pay interest on the 9.50 First Lien Notes on and of each year, commencing on August 15, 2023. Interest on the 9.50 First Lien Notes will accrue from March 1, 2023, at a rate of per annum, and be payable in cash. The 9.50 First Lien Notes will be guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the Company s current and future direct and indirect subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions (including Vantage Financial Management Co.), and will be secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and such subsidiaries, in each case subject to certain exceptions. In connection with the issuance of the 9.50 First Lien Notes, we are permitted to have up to million in letters of credit outstanding to support our operations. The 9.50 First Lien Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company, including upon certain change of control events occurring on or after February 15, 2025, and in certain cases upon the occurrence of certain events, as further described in the 9.50 First Lien Indenture. The 9.50 First Lien Indenture contains customary covenants that will limit the Company s and, in certain instances, the ability of the Company s subsidiaries, to borrow money, create liens on assets, make distributions and pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase stock, make certain types of investments, enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from subsidiaries, enter into transactions with affiliates, issue guarantees of debt, and sell assets or merge with other companies. These limitations are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the 9.50 First Lien Indenture. Events of default under the 9.50 First Lien Indenture include, among other events, the following with respect to the 9.50 First Lien Notes: default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the 9.50 First Lien Notes; default in payment when due of the principal of, or premium, if any, on the 9.50 First Lien Notes; failure to comply with certain covenants in the 9.50 First Lien Indenture for 30 days (or 60 days in respect of the reporting covenant contained therein) after the receipt of notice from the trustee or holders of in aggregate principal amount of the 9.50 First Lien Notes; acceleration or payment default of debt of the Company or a restricted subsidiary in excess of million (subject to a cure right within 60 days); certain judgments in excess of million subject to certain exceptions; and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. In the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all 9.50 First Lien Notes then outstanding will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default occurs with respect to the 9.50 First Lien Notes, the trustee or holders of 25.0 in aggregate principal amount of the 9.50 First Lien Notes may declare all the 9.50 First Lien Notes to be due and payable immediately. 

 authorized Ordinary Shares. Upon emergence from bankruptcy on the Effective Date, VDI issued Ordinary Shares in connection with the settlement of LSTC in accordance with the Reorganization Plan and the VDC Note. On December 4, 2019, VDI issued an additional Ordinary Shares to convert all of the outstanding Convertible Notes. As of December 31, 2022 , Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding. Share-based Compensation On August 9, 2016, the Company adopted the Amended 2016 MIP to align the interests of participants with those of the shareholders by providing incentive compensation opportunities tied to the performance of the Company s equity securities. Pursuant to the 2016 Amended MIP, the Compensation Committee may grant to employees, directors and consultants stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for future grant under the Amended 2016 MIP. Pursuant to the Amended 2016 MIP and the terms of the applicable unit awards, participants holding restricted stock units are contractually entitled to receive all dividends or other distributions that are paid to VDI shareholders provided that any such dividends will be subject to the same vesting requirements of the underlying units. Dividend payments accrue to outstanding awards (both vested and unvested) in the form of Dividend Equivalents equal to the dividend per share underlying the applicable MIP award. On November 18, 2019, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had declared a special cash distribution in the aggregate amount of million, or per share, which was paid on , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on (the Special Cash Distribution ). As a result of the Special Cash Distribution, million has been recorded in Other current liabilities and million has been recorded in Other long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 to be paid on settlement of TBGs. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recognized share-based compensation related to the TBGs of approximately million, million and million, respectively. The remaining unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to TBGs, which was immaterial as of December 31, 2022 , is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately years. The total award date value of time vested restricted shares that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million. Share-based compensation expense for PBGs will be recognized when it is probable that the TEV targets will be met. Once it is probable the performance condition will be met, compensation expense based on the fair value of the PBGs at the conversion date will be recognized for the service period completed. As of December 31, 2022 , we concluded that it was not probable that the TEV performance condition would be met and therefore, share-based compensation expense was recognized for PBGs, which have a remaining weighted average vesting period of approximately years. 

Awarded 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested restricted units at December 31, 2021 

Awarded 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Nonvested restricted units at December 31, 2022 

Deferred 

Total 

Effect of: 

Taxes on foreign earnings 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

() 

Other 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Accrued bonuses/compensation 

Special compensation 

Start-up costs 

Loss carry-forwards 

Property and equipment 

Deferred revenue 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

() 

Deferred cost 

() 

Other deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset (1) 

(1) million deferred income taxes within Liabilities held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. 

At December 31, 2022 , we had foreign tax loss carry forwards of approximately million, which will expire beginning in . The increase in foreign tax loss carry forwards is primarily due to additional losses incurred during the Current Year. The increase in the valuation allowance primarily results from the additional loss carryforwards. We include as a component of our income tax provision potential interest and penalties related to recognized tax contingencies within our global operations. Net interest and penalties benefit of approximately million is included in 2022 income tax expense and total interest and penalties of approximately million are accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the prior years 

Expiration of statues 

() 

Gross balance at December 31, 2022 

Related tax benefits 

Net uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 

onward remain open to examination in many of our jurisdictions and we are currently involved in several tax examinations in jurisdictions where we are operating or have previously operated. As information becomes available during the course of these examinations, we may increase or decrease our estimates of tax assessments and accruals. 
 On March 22, 2019, we were formally served in the United States and on April 12, 2019, we subsequently filed our preliminary statement of defense with the 11 th Federal court of the Judicial Branch of Curitiba, State of Parana, Brazil (the Brazilian Federal Court ). On August 20, 2020, the Brazilian Federal Court dismissed our preliminary statement of defense. On October 5, 2020, we subsequently filed a motion to clarify with the Brazilian Federal Court requesting the reconsideration of certain aspects of the decision dismissing our preliminary statement of defense. Our motion to clarify was denied on December 14, 2020, and on February 10, 2021 we filed an interlocutory appeal with the 4 th Circuit of the Federal Court of Appeals in Porto Alegre, State of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil (the Brazilian Appellate Court ), the appellate court hearing appeals in the Car Wash cases, seeking to reverse the Brazilian Federal Court s denial of our preliminary defense. On April 15, 2021, the Brazilian authorities served us indirectly through the U.S. Department of Justice agreeing to formally send us documents related to the Improbity Action. On May 13, 2021, the Brazilian Appellate Court s reporting judge for our matter granted our request for preliminary relief and ordered an immediate stay of the Improbity Action (as it applies to the Company). A proceeding with regard to the interlocutory appeal commenced on August 30, 2022 (the August 2022 Proceeding ), and on December 6, 2022, the Brazilian Appellate Court ruled in our favor, revoking the asset freeze order, which had already been stayed pending a decision from the court, and immediately dismissed the Improbity Action as to the Company (the Improbity Decision ). The Improbity Decision is still subject to clarification and appeal by the Brazilian government and Petrobras, and on January 30, 2023 and February 1, 2023, Petrobras and the Brazilian federal government filed respective motions to clarify the Improbity Decision. The Company will be notified by the Brazilian Appellate Court of the deadline to respond to the motions. The Company understands that the Improbity Action is a civil action and is part of the Brazilian Federal Prosecutor s larger Car Wash investigation into money laundering and corruption allegations in Brazil. Separately, Federal Law no. 14,230/2021 (the New Administrative Improbity Law was enacted on October 26, 2021, substantially, amending the existing Brazilian improbity legal framework. While the Company believes that the developments arising from the enactment of the New Administrative Improbity Law render the case against it moot, the Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the August 2022 Proceeding and the Company will be obligated to file a statement of defense in the matter if the Improbity Decision is later reversed. The damages claimed in the proceeding are in the amount of BRL million (approximately million, changes in the USD amounts result from foreign exchange rate fluctuations), together with a civil fine equal to three times that amount. The Company understands that the Brazilian Federal Court previously issued an order authorizing the seizure and freezing of the assets of the Company and the other three defendants in the legal proceeding, as a precautionary measure, in the amount of approximately million. The Company and the other defendants are jointly and severally liable for this amount. The seizure order has not had an effect on the Company s assets or operations, as the Company does not own any assets in Brazil and does not currently intend to relocate any assets to Brazil. million. On April 12, 2019, the Company filed an interlocutory appeal with the Brazilian Appellate Court to stay the seizure and freezing order of the Brazilian Federal Court. On May 20, 2019, the Company announced that the Brazilian Appellate Court's reporting judge ruled in favor of the Company s appeal to stay the seizure and freezing order of the Brazilian Federal Court. As noted above, the Brazilian Appellate Court ruled in favor of the Company in the Improbity Decision, which, among other things, revoked the asset freeze order. The Improbity Decision is still subject to clarification and appeal by the Brazilian government and Petrobras, and on January 30, 2023 and February 1, 2023, Petrobras and the Brazilian federal government filed respective motions to clarify the Improbity Decision. The Company will be notified by the Brazilian Appellate Court of the deadline to respond to the motions. The Company previously communicated the Brazilian Appellate Court s ruling to the DOJ and has asked the Brazilian Federal Court to do the same. On July 18, 2019, the Company announced that the Brazilian Government made a filing with the Brazilian Federal Court reporting that the DOJ has advised the Brazilian Ministry of Justice that it would not be possible for the DOJ to comply with the mutual assistance request in respect of the asset freeze order. The Company also announced that it learned from the Brazilian Ministry of Justice that the DOJ s response to the request for mutual assistance stated that no legal grounds existed for implementing the requested asset freeze, and that the DOJ was returning the request without taking action and considers the matter concluded. The Company has defended, and intends to continue to vigorously defend against the allegations made in the Improbity Action and oppose and defend against any attempts to seize the Company's assets. However, we can neither predict the ultimate outcome of this matter nor that there will not be further developments in the Car Wash investigation or in any other ongoing investigation or related proceeding that could adversely affect us. We are not able to determine the likelihood of loss, if any, arising from this matter as of the date of this Annual Report. 2022 Cyber Matters In 2022, we experienced additional e-mail related cybersecurity intrusions (the 2022 Cyber Matters ). We became aware of the 2022 Cyber Matters in the fourth quarter of 2022 that resulted in (i) two unauthorized transfers of cash from a company bank account to an outside bank account, (ii) one attempted transfer that was stopped and reversed by a financial institution and (iii) one attempted transfer that was stopped by the Company s internal controls. We have since taken, and continue to take, measures designed to detect, remediate and prevent similar cybersecurity intrusions and threats from recurring. Because the 2022 Cyber Matters are still under investigation, we can neither predict the ultimate outcome of this matter nor whether there will be further developments in the 2022 Cyber Matters investigation that could adversely affect us. Our investigation to date as not revealed any information that suggests the 2022 Cyber Matters will result in a material loss to the Company. However, we are not able to determine the likelihood of loss, if any, arising from this matter as of the date of this Annual Report. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that we will not in the future experience any other actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, or that our security efforts and remedial measures will prevent future security threats from materializing, if at all. Restructuring Agreement and Associated Settlement Agreement Pursuant to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement among VDC and a majority of our secured creditors, the Company agreed to the Reorganization Plan and VDC agreed to commence official liquidation proceedings under the laws of the Cayman Islands. On December 2, 2015, pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement, the Company acquired two subsidiaries responsible for the management of the Company from VDC in exchange for the VDC Note. In connection with our separation from VDC, we and the Joint Official Liquidators, appointed to oversee the liquidation of VDC, entered into discussions regarding the settlement of certain intercompany receivables and payables as between the Company and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and VDC and its subsidiaries on the other. On March 4, 2020, we and our subsidiaries, on the one hand, and VDC and their subsidiaries, on the other, entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the parties to the settlement agreement agreed to release each other from certain claims in exchange for Vantage paying VDC million, subject to the approval of the Court of Grand Cayman. On March 16, 2020, the Court of Grand Cayman approved the settlement agreement. On March 25, 2020, the Company paid million in accordance with the settlement agreement, fully resolving the matter. We recorded a gain of million related to the settlement agreement included in Other Income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Other Commitments We enter into operating leases in the normal course of business for office space, housing, vehicles and specified operating equipment. Some of these leases contain renewal options which would cause our future cash payments to change if we exercised those renewal options. See Note 4. Leases of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to our future minimum lease obligations. At December 31, 2022 , we had purchase commitments of million. Our purchase commitments consist of obligations outstanding to external vendors primarily related to capital upgrades, materials, spare parts, consumables and related supplies for our drilling rigs. We are from time to time threatened with or made party to various tax and regulatory matters, as well as litigation, lawsuits and claims, both asserted and unasserted, in the ordinary course of our business. While we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate outcome or effect, if any, of the matters described above, we do not anticipate that the associated liability resulting from such matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of operations, results of operations and cash flows. Nevertheless, we can provide no assurance that our beliefs or expectations as to the outcome or effect of any tax or regulatory matter, lawsuit, litigation or claim will prove correct. Moreover, the circumstances underlying such matters may vary and the eventual outcome and actual results of these matters could vary materially and significantly from management s current expectations and estimates. 

Down payments to vendors 

Prepaid fuel 

Income tax receivable 

Current deferred contract costs 

Current contract asset 

Other 

Assets Held for Sale 

Materials and supplies 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property equipment, net 

Noncurrent deferred contract costs 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Assets under construction 

Office and technology equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Other Assets 

Deferred certification costs 

Noncurrent deferred contract costs 

Deferred income taxes 

Noncurrent sales tax receivable 

Noncurrent security deposits 

Other Current Liabilities 

Compensation (1) 

2016 MIP - Dividend equivalent (2) 

Income taxes payable 

Current deferred revenue 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current customer prefunding 

Other 

(1) million as of December 31, 2021 related to cash awards granted to certain key employees of the Company pursuant to underlying award agreements and issued under the 2016 MIP. The final payout of this cash award was made in June 2022. 

 (2) 

Liabilities Held for Sale 

Compensation 

Income taxes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Other 

Other Long-term Liabilities 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Deferred income taxes 

2016 MIP - Dividend equivalents (1) 

Noncurrent deferred revenue 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent customer prefunding 

Indirect tax contingencies 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(1) 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash 

Restricted cash included within Other assets 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Restricted cash represents cash held by banks as collateralizing letters of credit. Related Party Transactions The Company does not currently have any reportable transactions with entities that meet the definition of related parties as specifically defined by ASC 850 Related Party Disclosures . The Company does, however, engage in recurring transactions and enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with ADES and Aquadrill, as described below. See also Note 1. Organization and Recent Events and Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies of these Notes to Financial Statements for further information regarding these arrangements. ADES In conjunction with the establishment of ADVantage, the Company entered into a series of agreements with ADES, including a (i) secondment agreement; (ii) a manpower agreement; and (iii) a supply services agreement. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company, largely through its seconded employees, will provide various services to ADES and ADES will in turn provide various services to ADVantage. On December 6, 2021, we entered into the EDC Purchase Agreement with ADES Arabia to sell all of the issued and outstanding equity of EDC, which owns the Emerald Driller , Sapphire Driller and Aquamarine Driller . The transactions contemplated by the EDC Purchase Agreement closed on the EDC Closing Date. Simultaneously with the EDC Sale, certain subsidiaries of the Company and ADES entered into the EDC Support Services Agreements, pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company agreed to provide, in exchange for customary fees and reimbursements, support services to EDC with respect to the Emerald Driller , Sapphire Driller and Aquamarine Driller for a three-year term. Fees earned in connection with these agreements are included in Management fees and Reimbursable and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations within the Managed Services segment as reported in Note 10. Business Segment and Significant Customer Information of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . For additional information regarding the EDC Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, please see Share Purchase Agreement to Sell EDC to ADES Arabia Holding under Note 1. Organization and Recent Events of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . On September 22, 2022, three wholly owned subsidiaries of VHI entered into several related agreements with Advanced Energy Services, S.A.E., a subsidiary of ADES ADES SAE and together with ADES Arabia, the ADES Group ), including a (i) secondment agreement, (ii) services agreement and (iii) bareboat charter agreement, in each case to support a drilling campaign that will utilize the Topaz Driller jackup (collectively, the ADES Ancillary Agreements ). These contracts generally provide for: (a) reimbursement of loaned employee personnel costs plus a service fee; (b) a fixed fee based on days the rig is drilling; (c) a variable fee based on a percentage of gross margin generated on a monthly basis; and (d) reimbursement for purchases of supplies, equipment and personnel services, and other services provided at the request of ADES SAE. Fees earned in connection with these agreements are included in Reimbursable and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations within the Drilling Services segment as reported in Note 10. Business Segment and Significant Customer Information of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . For the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recognized revenue of million from the ADES Group in connection with the ADES Ancillary Agreements. In association with the establishment of ADVantage, the Company and ADES contributed cash in 2019 in the approximate amount of to ADVantage in excess of the issued capital of the joint venture, with the understanding that such amounts were to be treated as shareholder loans. The excess cash contribution and accrued interest were included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. On July 29, 2021, the excess cash contribution to ADVantage was reflected on the commercial register of ADVantage in Egypt. As such, the amount was converted to capital contributions and reclassified from Other current liabilities to Additional paid-in capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company and ADES also entered into an agreement on December 20, 2021 to pursue a global strategic alliance (the Global Strategic Alliance in order to leverage both the EDC Support Services Agreements and ADVantage, the parties existing joint venture in Egypt . Pursuant to the Global Strategic Alliance, the parties agreed to collaborate on exploring future commercial and operational opportunities. Aquadrill VHI previously entered into certain Framework Agreements and related Management and Marketing Agreements, as amended, on March 16, 2021 with Aquadrill, pursuant to which certain subsidiaries of VHI agreed to provide operating, management and marketing services to Aquadrill and its subsidiaries (the Aquadrill Entities ). Fees earned in connection with these agreements are included in Management fees and Reimbursable and other in our Consolidated Statement of Operations within the Managed Services segment as reported in Note 10. Business Segment and Significant Customer Information . of these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively. Two of our shareholders that own a significant portion of our Ordinary Shares also owns an interest in Aquadrill. 

 reportable segments: (1) Drilling Services, which includes activities related to owned jackup rigs and drillships; and (2) Managed Services, which consists of activities related to rigs owned by third parties that we manage, support or operate through bareboat charters. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the performance of our reportable segments using adjusted operating income (loss), which is a segment performance measure, because this financial measure reflects our ongoing profitability and performance. Adjusted operating income (loss) is defined as segment income (loss) from operations plus depreciation. General and administrative expenses, other (expense) income, and income taxes are not allocated to the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment income (loss) from operations and are included in Unallocated in the table below. There are no intersegment revenues. 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses 

Operating costs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Gain on EDC Sale 

() 

() 

Total operating costs and expenses 

() 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest income 

Interest expense and financing charges 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

Reconciliation of (loss) income from operations to segment adjusted operating income: 
 
 Drilling Services 

Managed Services 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

Depreciation 

Segment adjusted operating income 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Drilling Services 

Managed Services 

Unallocated 

Consolidated 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses 

Operating costs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Gain on EDC Sale 

Total operating costs and expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest income 

Interest expense and financing charges 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Reconciliation of (loss) income from operations to segment adjusted operating income: 
 
 Drilling Services 

Managed Services 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

Depreciation 

Segment adjusted operating income 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Drilling Services 

Managed Services 

Unallocated 

Consolidated 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

Contract drilling services 

Management fees 

Reimbursables and other 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses 

Operating costs 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Loss on impairment 

Total operating costs and expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest income 

Interest expense and financing charges 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Reconciliation of (loss) income from operations to segment operating income (loss): 
 
 Drilling Services 

Managed Services 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

Depreciation 

Loss on impairment 

Segment adjusted operating income (loss) 

() 

(in thousands) 

UAE 
 
 Managed Services 

Montenegro 
 
 Drilling Services 

Qatar 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

India 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

Egypt 
 
 Drilling Services 

Cyprus 
 
 Drilling Services 

Indonesia 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

Lebanon 
 
 Drilling Services 

Congo 
 
 Drilling Services 

Other countries 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

Total revenues 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , a substantial amount of our revenue was derived from non-U.S. countries. 

Customer 2 
 
 Drilling Services and Managed Services 

Customer 3 
 
 Drilling Services 

Customer 4 
 
 Drilling Services 

Customer 5 
 
 Drilling Services 

Customer 6 
 
 Drilling Services 

Customer 7 
 
 Drilling Services 

Information related to the Company s Total Assets as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is not available by reportable segment; however, a substantial portion of our assets are mobile drilling units included in the Drilling Services segment. Asset locations at the end of the reporting period are not necessarily indicative of the geographic distribution of the revenues generated by such assets during such periods. 

India 

Indonesia 

Egypt 

Other countries (1) 

Total property and equipment 

(1) 

 (2) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we voluntarily file or submit to the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods required by our debt agreements. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit to the SEC is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, and due to the material weakness in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as described below in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting), the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls and procedures were not effective. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management carried out an evaluation based on the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, such officers have concluded that the design and operation of these internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022 as described below. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the prevention of unauthorized cash disbursements. Specifically, internal controls governing the process for updating vendor information were not adequate to safeguard the Company s cash assets from unauthorized transfers resulting from the lack of a policy requiring multiple confirmations with respect to changes to vendor information. This material weakness in the Company s controls resulted in the inability to prevent the two unauthorized transfers of cash. During the year ended December 31, 2022, management began the process of designing and implementing effective measures to remediate the material weakness by redesigning the respective control framework, including implementation of enhanced control procedures and completing trainings. The Company will continue to monitor the new control; however, there can be no assurance that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future and any failure to remediate the material weakness, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations in the future. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the foregoing, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 P ART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 		 
 Consistent with previous years and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the information required by this item will be filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.vantagedrilling.com in the Corporate Governance area. Any waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics must be approved by the Board of Directors or a designated board committee. Any amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be posted on our website and reported pursuant to applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Consistent with previous years and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the information required by this item will be filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership and Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Consistent with previous years and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the information required by this item will be filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Consistent with previous years and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the information required by this item will be filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Consistent with previous years and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the information required by this item will be filed with the SEC on Form 10-K/A within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this report 

84 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Joint Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Offshore Group Investment Limited and its Affiliated Debtors, dated December 1, 2015, which is Exhibit A to the Disclosure Statement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.T3E.1 of the Form T-3 filed by Offshore Group Investment Limited with the SEC on December 2, 2015). 

2.2 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 6, 2021, by and between Vantage Holdings International and ADES Arabia Holding (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation of the Company effective as of March 4, 2019 (Incorporated by reference by Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019) 

4.1 
 
 First Lien Indenture by and between Vantage Drilling International, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien collateral agent, dated as of November 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2018) 

4.2 
 
 Third Lien Indenture by and between Offshore Group Investment Limited, the guarantors from time to time party thereto (including certain of the Assignors, as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and noteholder collateral agent, dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

4.3 
 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2016, among Vantage Drilling International (f/k/a Offshore Group Investment Limited), the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and noteholder collateral agent, to the Third Lien Indenture dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 16, 2016) 

4.4 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture by and between Vantage Drilling International, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien collateral agent, dated January 24, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020) 

4.5 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture by and between Vantage Drilling International, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien collateral agent, dated February 13, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2020) 

4.6 
 
 Indenture by and between Vantage Drilling International, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and first lien collateral agent, dated as of March 1, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2023) 

10.1 
 
 Shareholders Agreement by and among Offshore Group Investment Limited and the Shareholders (as defined therein) dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Offshore Group Investment Limited and each of the Holders (as defined therein) party thereto dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 9, 2016, by and among Vantage Drilling International (f/k/a Offshore Group Investment Limited) and each of the Holders (as defined therein) party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2016) 

10.4 
 
 Vantage Drilling International Amended and Restated 2016 Management Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) under the Vantage Drilling International Amended and Restated 2016 Management Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based) under the Vantage Drilling International Amended and Restated 2016 Management Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016) 

10.7 
 
 Offshore Group Investment Limited 2016 Management Incentive Plan by and between Offshore Group Investment Limited, its executive officers and certain other employees dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) between Offshore Group Investment Limited and each Participant (as defined therein) dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based) between Offshore Group Investment Limited and each Participant (as defined therein) dated as of February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

85 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.10 
 
 Form of Petrobras Litigation Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Petrobras Litigation Letter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.12 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Offshore Group Investment Limited and Douglas W. Halkett, dated February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.13 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Employment and Non-Competition Agreement between Offshore Group Investment Limited and William L. Thomson, dated February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement between Vantage Drilling International and Douglas E. Stewart, dated May 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2016) 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement between Vantage Drilling International and Ihab Toma, dated August 9, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 25, 2016) 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement Between Vantage Drilling International and Thomas J. Cimino, dated September 22, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 11, 2016) 

10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement among Vantage Drilling International, Vantage Drilling Company and the joint official liquidators of Vantage Drilling Company, dated as of April 26, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on May 1, 2017) 

10.18 
 
 Amendment to the Shareholders Agreement of Vantage Drilling International dated March 4, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019) 

10.19 
 
 Agreement, dated June 20, 2019, among Vantage Deepwater Company, Vantage Deepwater Drilling, Inc., Petroleo Brasileiro S.A., Petrobras America, Inc. and Petrobras Venezuela Investments Services, BV. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the From 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2019) 

10.20 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment and Non-Competition Agreement Between Offshore Group Investment Limited and Linda J. Ibrahim, dated February 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Vantage Drilling International (Filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 (Filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 (Filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 (Filed herewith) 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 (Filed herewith) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (Filed herewith) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (Filed herewith) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase (Filed herewith) 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Inline Linkbase (Filed herewith) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase (Filed herewith) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase (Filed herewith) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document) (Filed herewith) 

Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIG NATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VANTAGE DRILLING INTERNATIONAL 

By: 
 
 /s/ DOUGLAS E. STEWART 

Name: 
 
 Douglas E. Stewart 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Date: 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ihab Toma 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Ihab Toma 

/s/ Douglas E. Stewart 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Douglas E. Stewart 

/s/ Linda J. Ibrahim 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President of Tax (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Linda J. Ibrahim 

/s/ Thomas R. Bates, Jr. 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Thomas R. Bates, Jr. 

/s/ Nils E. Larsen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Nils E. Larsen 

/s/ L. Spencer Wells 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

L. Spencer Wells 

/s/ Paul A. Gordon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Paul A. Gordon 

87 

<EX-21>
 2
 ck0001465872-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Entity Name 
 
 Type of Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Advantage Drilling Services S.A.E. 
 
 Joint Stock Company 
 
 Egypt 

Vantage Holdings Company (fka Dragonquest Holdings Company) 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

P2020 Rig Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

P2021 Rig Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

PT Vantage Drilling Company Indonesia 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Indonesia 

Rig Finance Ltd. 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Bermuda 

VDI Global Rig Co. (fka Sapphire Driller Company) 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Deepwater Company 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Driller I Co 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Driller II Co 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Driller II Ghana Ltd. 
 
 Limited Liability Corporation 
 
 Ghana 

Vantage Driller III Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Driller IV Co 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Driller VI Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Drilling (Malaysia) I Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Malaysia 

Vantage Drilling Africa 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Drilling Ghana Ltd. 
 
 Limited Liability Corporation 
 
 Ghana 

Vantage Drilling Labuan I Ltd. 
 
 Labuan Company 
 
 Malaysia 

Vantage Drilling Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 The Netherlands 

Vantage Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

Vantage Financial Management Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage Holding Hungary Kft 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Hungary 

Vantage Holdings Cyprus ODC Ltd. 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Cyprus 

Vantage Holdings International (fka Vantage Holdings Malaysia I Co.) 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage International Management Co. 
 
 Exempted Company 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Vantage International Management Company Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Corporation 
 
 Singapore 

VDI Drilling Angola, LDA 
 
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Angola 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0001465872-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ihab Toma, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vantage Drilling International; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ IHAB TOMA 

Ihab Toma 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001465872-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Douglas E. Stewart, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vantage Drilling International; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ DOUGLAS E. STEWART 

Douglas E. Stewart 

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0001465872-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 USC. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vantage Drilling International (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ihab Toma, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ IHAB TOMA 

Ihab Toma 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ck0001465872-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 USC. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vantage Drilling International (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Douglas E. Stewart, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ DOUGLAS E. STEWART 

Douglas E. Stewart 

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ck0001465872-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ck0001465872-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001465872-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001465872-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ck0001465872-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

