<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1819848_0001819848-23-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13408097</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>344740</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2777347</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3762555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3424969</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2910859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001819848-23-000059.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228211055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001819848-23-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Joby Aviation, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819848
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		IRS NUMBER:				981548118
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39524
		FILM NUMBER:		23689282

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2155 DELAWARE AVENUE, SUITE #225
		CITY:			SANTA CRUZ
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		831-201-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2155 DELAWARE AVENUE, SUITE #225
		CITY:			SANTA CRUZ
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95060

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reinvent Technology Partners
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reinvent Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200731

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001819848-23-000059.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 joby-20221231.htm
 10-K

joby-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to __________ 
 Commission file number 
 ____________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion, based upon the closing sales price of the common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 
 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. o Yes o No 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS: 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of February 21, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 83 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 83 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 84 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 84 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 85 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 85 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 85 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 85 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 85 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 86 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 87 
 Signatures 
 88 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management of Joby Aviation, Inc. (the Company, we, us or our ). These statements constitute projections and forecasts and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in other documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results or performance to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 Market and Industry Data 
 This Annual Report includes industry and market data obtained from periodic industry publications, third-party surveys and studies, including from Morgan Stanley and government and industry sources. Industry publications and surveys generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Although we believe the industry and market data to be reliable as of the date of this Annual Report, this information could prove to be inaccurate. Industry and market data could be wrong because of the method by which sources obtained their data and because information cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to the limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations and uncertainties. Each publication, study and report speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date of this Annual Report). Certain of these publications, studies and reports were published before the COVID-19 pandemic and therefore do not reflect any impact of COVID-19 on any specific market. In addition, we do not know all of the assumptions regarding general economic conditions or growth that were used in preparing the forecasts from the sources replied upon or cited herein. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to help the world connect faster and more easily with the people and places that matter most by delivering a new form of clean, quiet aerial transportation. Building on recent advancements in energy storage, microelectronics, material science and software, we are developing an all-electric aircraft with zero operating emissions that will transport a pilot and four passengers at speeds of up to 200 mph, while also having the ability to takeoff and land vertically. In order to successfully bring our aircraft to market, we are focused on the following three goals: 1) achieving type certification of our aircraft 2) scaling our manufacturing capabilities and 3) preparing for commercial operations. 
 We are working closely with the Federal Aviation Administration FAA to certify our aircraft for commercial operations. Joby was the first electric, vertical take off and landing eVTOL company to receive a signed, stage 4 G-1 certification basis and we have now effectively completed two of the five stages of type certification. Type certification has five stages: 1) Certification Basis - details air worthiness requirements 2) Means of Compliance - details how to demonstrate compliance with safety rules 3) Certification Plans - extrapolates which test are required for each system 4) Testing Analysis - detailed plans, documentation and completion of tests from stage 3 certification plans and 5) Show Verify - involves FAA review and verification of testing results. We plan to complete the entire certification process in time to begin commercial passenger operations in 2025. We have also begun working with regulators in the United Kingdom and Japan, leveraging our work with the FAA. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to operate our aircraft on journeys of 5 to 150 miles, providing rapid and cost-effective connections between cities and their surrounding areas. Compared to traditional, ground-based infrastructure such as road and rail, aerial ridesharing networks can be set up rapidly, and at significantly lower cost, enabling us to provide a sustainable solution to today s dual challenges of congestion and climate change. We have completed more than 1,000 test flights with our prototype aircraft, demonstrating the range, acoustic profile, speed and altitude capabilities of the aircraft. 
 In 2022, we completed the construction of our pilot production lines in San Carlos and Marina, CA, and we began manufacturing our production prototype aircraft. The 130,000 square foot facility in Marina was designed with support from our partners at Toyota, and will be used to validate and certify our manufacturing processes. This approach enables us to prove-out scalable technologies before making the sizable investments required for higher-volume production. 
 Our preparations for commercialization include forming sector-leading partnerships with partners like Uber and Delta Air Lines, both of whom have invested in Joby, as well as global partners like SK Telecom in South Korea and ANA Airlines in Japan. We have also established relationships with infrastructure providers such as Macquarie, Skyports, Reef and Related. 
 Successfully operating a commercial service also requires a Part 135 operating license, which we received in 2022, demonstrating the advancement of our procedures and training program and importantly, enabling our team to begin exercising the operations and customer technology platforms that will underpin multi-modal ridesharing service in future. 
 By combining the freedom of air travel with the efficiency of our aircraft, we expect to deliver journeys that are up to 5 times faster than driving, and it is our goal to steadily drive down end-user pricing in the years following commercial launch to make the service widely accessible. 
 Our aircraft has been specifically designed to achieve a considerably lower noise footprint than that of today s conventional aircraft or helicopters. It is quiet at takeoff and near silent when flying overhead, which we anticipate will allow us to operate from new skyport locations nearer to where people live and work, in addition to utilizing the more than 5,000 heliport and airport infrastructure facilities already in existence in the U.S. alone. 
 We do not currently intend to sell these aircraft to independent third parties or individual consumers. Instead, we plan to manufacture, own and operate our aircraft ourselves, building a vertically integrated transportation company that will deliver transportation services to our customers, including the U.S. Air Force through contracted operations, and to individual end-users through a convenient app-based aerial ridesharing service. Our goal is to begin initial service operations with the Department of Defense in 2024, followed by commercial passenger operations in 2025. We believe this business model will generate the greatest economic returns, while providing us with end-to-end control over the customer experience to optimize for customer safety, comfort and value. There may be circumstances in which it is either required (for example, due to operating restrictions on foreign ownership in other countries) or otherwise desirable to sell aircraft in the future. While we do not expect this would change our core focus on building a vertically integrated transportation company, we may choose to sell aircraft in circumstances where we believe there is a compelling reason to do so. 
 The emerging Urban Air Mobility UAM sector s annual total addressable market is projected to reach 1 trillion globally by 2040 according to Morgan Stanley s 2021 eVTOL/Urban Air Mobility TAM Update, growing to 9 trillion in 2050 as adoption and uses cases expand. 
 By leveraging our vertically integrated business model, technological differentiation and best-in-class strategic relationships, we believe we have an historic opportunity to define a new market for sustainable daily mobility, enabling people to rethink the way they move in and around metropolitan areas and the rural communities around them. 
 Innovation and new technology present opportunities to rethink aircraft design. At Joby, we reviewed the components currently available in the marketplace and opted to work with leading partners on certain building blocks for our design while leveraging in-house expertise on batteries, software, mechanics and more to create custom components. Our commitment to vertical integration and in-house development has allowed us to optimize systems and components across the aircraft, resulting in better energy efficiency, range, and speed than what would otherwise be available using commercial-off-the-shelf components. 
 Joby Aero, Inc. Legacy Joby was incorporated in Delaware on November 21, 2016. In August 2021, Legacy Joby and Reinvent Technology Partners, a Cayman Islands exempted company and special purpose acquisition company RTP ), completed a merger and other transactions pursuant to which a subsidiary of RTP was merged with and into Legacy Joby 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 and Legacy Joby survived as a wholly owned subsidiary of RTP. In connection with the transactions, Legacy Joby changed its name to Joby Aviation, Inc. See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information. 
 Our principal executive office is located at 2155 Delaware Avenue, Suite #225, Santa Cruz, CA 95060. In March 2023, we will be moving our principal executive office to 333 Encinal Street, Santa Cruz, CA 95060. Our telephone number is (831) 201-6700. Our website address is www.jobyaviation.com. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We also make available, free of charge, all of our SEC filings on our website at ir.jobyaviation.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information contained on any of the websites referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not part of or incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 The Emerging Urban Air Mobility Market 
 Ground-Based Transportation Networks are Under Strain 
 Population growth and urbanization are stretching ground-based transportation infrastructure to its limits. Today, more than fifty percent of the world s 7.8 billion people live in urban areas. 
 The top fifteen megacities alone are home to more than 300 million inhabitants, and the United Nations UN predicts that by 2050 the world s urban population will grow by an additional 2.5 billion people. We expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future, which is why we have identified New York, Los Angeles, London, south Florida and the San Francisco Bay Area as potential early launch markets for our Delta partnership. Our collaboration with companies like SK Telecom (South Korea) and ANA (Japan) will further allow access to urban centers across Asia. 
 Transportation is the life-blood of urban areas, and population growth combined with increased urbanization will continue to push this infrastructure to the brink. According to recent research, the cost of traffic congestion to the U.S. economy alone was more than 190 billion in 2019. The same study found that, in the top 15 metro areas alone, automobile commuters spent an aggregate of 4.69 billion hours per year in traffic congestion and burned an extra 1.83 billion gallons of fuel. 
 Expanding ground-based networks to address congestion and move people cost-effectively through cities has become increasingly difficult, if not impossible. The cost of transportation infrastructure has consistently outpaced inflation over the past fifty years, putting an ever-increasing strain on national, regional and municipal budgets. New light rail lines cost more than 100 million per mile in the U.S. and routinely exceed twice that number. Moving beneath the surface to expand our subway networks is even more expensive, with new subway lines often costing nearly a 1 billion per mile. These ground-based networks can t scale efficiently, and the costs are prohibitive. We believe that cities need a new, sustainable mobility solution. 
 Extending the Electrification of Transportation to the Skies 
 Developing sustainable mobility solutions has never been more needed given the threat that climate change poses to our communities and to our planet. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), the top source of CO2 emissions in the U.S. is the transportation sector. Any solution to current and future transportation demands must embrace sustainability. 
 Over the past two decades, improvements in lithium-ion batteries and power electronics alongside the ever-increasing performance of microelectronics have enabled the development and deployment of new sustainable energy and transportation solutions. The success of electric ground vehicles has fueled continued investments in improving these technologies. Battery energy densities, in particular, have improved enough that application to aviation is now practical. Additionally,we believe that other future technologies, such as hydrogen and solid-state batteries, have the potential to play an important role in decarbonizing flight in the longer term. 
 We expect the electrification of transportation to accelerate and extend to the skies in the decade ahead, representing a bright spot where technology, economy and sustainability converge. Applying electrification to small aircraft unlocks new degrees of freedom in aircraft design that were not possible with traditional, combustion engines. In particular, using 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 multiple small electric motors (which has been called distributed electric propulsion rather than a single central engine enables a new class of quiet, safe, and economical vertical takeoff and landing aircraft that were previously not possible. 
 
 A New Type of Local Transportation Network 
 Deploying eVTOL aircraft through the business model of app-driven, on-demand mobility that has been validated by ridesharing companies globally will provide a revolutionary new method of daily transportation. The low noise, low operating costs and zero operating emissions enabled by the all-electric powertrain, combined with the ability to takeoff and land vertically, unlocks aerial access to urban cores. We believe this will result in a new market for high-volume aerial mobility in and around cities and the communities around them. We believe this new solution will enable people to rethink how they get around on a daily basis and provide greater freedom to choose where they call home relative to the economic, cultural and social opportunities that have historically drawn people together. 
 We intend to deploy our eVTOL aircraft in local aerial ridesharing networks in cities around the world. Operating point-to-point in and around cities, these new aerial networks will sidestep the major problems of cost and scale that plague ground-based networks. Fundamentally, an aerial mobility network is nodal vs. the path-based nature of ground mobility. Each new node added to the network adds connectivity to all the other nodes, whereas each new mile of road, rail, or tunnel only extends one single route by one mile. In a nodal network, a linear increase in the number of nodes leads to an exponential increase in the number of connections. 
 
 Massive Untapped Market Opportunity 
 We believe that deploying a new type of aerial mobility network in cities represents an extensive market opportunity that we expect to expand over time, as the megatrend of urbanization is being felt globally. In addition, the challenges associated with getting in and out of city centers can make frequent, casual travel impractical. We expect that streamlining this experience will open up previously untapped sources of latent demand, much the same way that the development of modern jetliners unlocked demand for transatlantic travel. 
 Leading investment banks and consulting firms have recently assessed the scale of this market. According to a 2021 report by Morgan Stanley, the urban air mobility sector's total addressable market is projected to reach 1 trillion globally by 2040. While this may initially reflect replacement of loud, carbon-fuel focused transportation with clean energy eVTOL options, we believe additional use cases and applications will emerge as the market evolves. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Business Strategy 
 Our Aerial Ridesharing Service 
 We intend to build an aerial ridesharing service powered by a network of eVTOL aircraft that we will manufacture and operate. We are developing an app-based platform that will enable consumers to book rides directly through our service. We also plan to integrate access to our service into leading third-party demand aggregation platforms, including through our partnerships with Uber and Delta Air Lines. Whether our service is accessed through our own platform, or through a partner app, we will integrate ground transportation providers for the first and last mile with our aerial service, providing a seamless travel experience. 
 We refer to trips that integrate air and ground legs together as multimodal . By building network management software that efficiently sequences multimodal trips, we believe we can provide substantial time savings to travelers while coordinating the development of optimally-located skyport infrastructure. Additionally, we are developing software that will coordinate multiple riders into each air leg, allowing us to drive high utilization rates for our aircraft and, in turn, progressive reduction in end-user pricing. 
 We believe that our app-based aerial ridesharing service will be fast, convenient, comfortable, environmentally sustainable and, over time, progressively more affordable. By maintaining full control over the design, development, test, manufacture and operations of our aircraft, we intend to deliver a service that is optimized from beginning to end, positioning us to be the leading company in this market. 
 
 Our vertically integrated business model ensures we are not simply manufacturing aircraft for sale and receiving one-time revenues, but instead generating recurring revenues over the lifetime of the aircraft with corresponding benefits to contribution margin. 
 
 The Most Capable Aircraft for Aerial Ridesharing 
 
 Our team of world-class engineers has been working for more than a decade to develop an aircraft specifically designed for aerial ridesharing. Over that period, we have built a team that is deeply committed to vertically integrated engineering, testing, prototyping and manufacturing. Developing much of the aircraft in-house has required greater up-front investment, but has also allowed us to develop systems and components that are specifically engineered for their intended application. We believe this has resulted in an aircraft with best-in-class capabilities across key performance metrics, while reducing 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 reliance on program critical third-party suppliers that add cost to the final product and risk to development and certification schedules. 
 
 When designing the aircraft, we prioritized three areas that we believe are central to unlocking high-volume aerial ridesharing: (i) safety, (ii) quiet and (iii) performance. 
 Safety : By utilizing distributed electric propulsion, rather than centrally-located internal combustion engines, we re able to deliver a fault-tolerant overall architecture for the aircraft. Each propeller is powered by two independent electric motors, each in turn driven by independent electric motor drive-units. Each drive-unit draws power from one of four separate batteries onboard the aircraft. 
 This emphasis on redundancy is extended to other critical subsystems of the aircraft, including the flight computers, control surfaces, communications network and actuators. The result is a design intended to have no single points of failure across aircraft systems. 
 While these advancements in technology contribute to the overall safety of the aircraft, we recognize that safely delivering a commercial aviation operation requires both organizational and cultural commitments. We ve made safety a core value, and we actively promote that value across the team. 
 Given our intent to both manufacture and operate our aircraft, we are developing a comprehensive, vertically-integrated, Enterprise Safety Management System SMS ), covering aircraft, manufacturing, operations, maintenance and flight training. Through the enterprise approach, SMS interfaces will facilitate the exchange of information to continuously improve the safety of our aircraft and operations. 
 Quiet : Developing an aircraft with a low noise footprint that allows for regular operations within metropolitan areas is critical to community acceptance. In addition to the benefits afforded by an all-electric powertrain, we ve spent substantial engineering resources to reduce the noise signature of the aircraft even further. The result is an aircraft that is 100-times quieter than a twin-engine helicopter, exhibiting a noise profile in the range of 65 dBA during takeoff and landing (the noisiest configuration), roughly the volume of a normal speaking voice. In over-head flight as low as 500 feet the aircraft is near silent. We have independently validated the noise footprint of our prototype aircraft through our work with NASA. 
 Performance : Our commitment to vertical integration and in-house development has allowed for optimization of systems and components across the aircraft, resulting in better energy efficiency, range, and speed than what would otherwise be available using commercial-off-the-shelf componentry. Our aircraft demonstrates energy efficiency comparable to best-in-class electric ground vehicles on a watt-hour per passenger seat mile basis across most trip distances, and greater efficiency leads to longer range. While we anticipate our average journey to be around 25 miles, we believe the expected range and speed of our aircraft will allow us to service a more diverse set of passengers and trips, resulting in greater operational flexibility and reduced operating costs. 
 The end result is a transformational new electric aircraft that is uniquely capable of pioneering this exciting new market - all with a minimal environmental footprint. 
 The innovations that we ve produced to deliver this best-in-class performance are supported by extensive proprietary intellectual property and defended by a robust patent portfolio. Over more than a decade of development, we have generated broad fundamental patents around the architecture of our aircraft and the core technologies that enable our best- 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 in-class performance. We intend to continue to build our intellectual property IP portfolio with respect to the technologies that we develop and refine. 
 
 Certification Path 
 In the U.S., new aircraft designs are required to pass through the rigorous FAA design certification process, known as type certification, before the aircraft can be issued a standard airworthiness certificate to fly in the National Airspace System NAS ). This is an exacting process often extending over 5 or more years that requires extensive ground and in-flight testing with FAA scientists, engineers and flight test pilots across a fleet of multiple aircraft. 
 We consider the type certification process in five stages. Stages one to three can be considered the definition 
 phase, while stages four and five are the implementation phase. Progress in type certification is not always linear, meaning it is possible to make simultaneous progress in different stages on different aircraft parts or systems, depending on their maturity. 
 Stage 1 - Certification Basis : The company works with the FAA to define the scope of the type certification project, reaching an agreement on what type of aircraft it being built and which set of rules and regulations will apply. 
 Stage 2 - Means of Compliance : The company looks more closely at the safety rules and identifies the means of demonstrating compliance with them. 
 Stage 3 - Certification Plans : The company develops a wide range of detailed certification plans stipulating which tests need to be performed for each system area in order to satisfy the means of compliance. 
 Stage 4 - Testing Analysis : The company plans, documents and completes thousands of inspections, tests and analyses in accordance with the certification plans previously drawn up in the third stage. 
 Stage 5 - Show Verify : The results of the testing are verified by the FAA. Upon successful completion of this stage, a type certification is issued. 
 
 We believe that we are further along in this type certification process than any of our direct competitors, having substantially completed two of the five stages of the certification process. We have been flying full-scale prototypes of our aircraft through the full transition flight envelope since 2017, conducting tests and gathering data. We were the first eVTOL company to sign a stage 4 certification basis (known within the industry as a G-1). The G-1 certification basis is an agreement with the FAA that lays out the specific requirements that need to be met by our aircraft for it to be certified for commercial operations . Our aircraft was originally intended to be certified in line with the FAA s existing Part 23 requirements for Normal Category Airplanes, with special conditions introduced to address requirements specific to our unique aircraft. In May 2022, the FAA indicated that they were revisiting the decision to certify all eVTOLs under Part 23 and would, instead, require certification under the powered lift classification. Based on the FAA s revised certification requirements, we signed an updated G-1 certification basis in July 2022, which was published in the federal register in November 2022. We subsequently reached 94 progress on stage two of the process, defining our Means of Compliance, and effectively marking the completion of this stage. 
 In addition to being the first eVTOL manufacturer to have a G-1 certification basis published in the federal register, we believe that we were also the first company developing eVTOL aircraft to receive airworthiness approval from the U.S. Air Force. 
 With a mature design based on more than 1,000 test flights to date, we are well on our way towards certification and are engaging with the FAA on a daily basis to perform the hard work and testing required to earn FAA type certification prior to our goal of launching our commercial passenger service in 2025. 
 A typical flight test program takes place over several years and is centered around a process called envelope expansion gradually working the aircraft through a variety of flight conditions, while incrementally increasing speed, range, altitude and other performance characteristics until the target specifications are met. In the early stages of the envelope expansion process, a successful test flight may be little more than a brief hover just a few feet off the ground. As the flight test program progresses, however, the flights become increasingly higher, faster and longer range. Accordingly, we record a successful test flight based on completion of the desired test objective, rather than a particular flight duration. Our 2.0 full-scale prototype aircraft, version 1.0 full-scale prototype aircraft and its sub-scale models have successfully progressed through the test flight program from early hovers to the transition to wing-borne flight and, finally, through a systematic progression of expanding the flight envelope. Generally, these flight tests are remotely piloted, with the aircraft controlled by a ground-based flight test pilot as a safety precaution. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 While the number of test flights performed by our competitors is not broadly publicized, we believe that the number of successful flights, amount of time spent flight testing and the level of maturity of our flight test program compare favorably to the development and testing programs of competitive aircraft. 
 Our dedicated team of aerospace certification professionals is led by Didier Papadopoulos, our Head of Aircraft OEM. Previously, Didier led the team that certified the revolutionary Autoland feature at Garmin, winning the team the Collier Trophy which is presented annually for the greatest achievement in aeronautics in America. Our government and regulatory affairs team is led by Greg Bowles, who chaired the FAA Rulemaking Committee that rewrote more than 800 Part 23 regulations. 
 We expect the FAA type certificate will be reciprocated internationally pursuant to the bilateral agreements between the FAA and its counterpart civil aviation authorities. In 2022, we applied for aircraft certification in the United Kingdom and Japan, following announcements by regulators in those countries adopting streamlined certification processes based on FAA certification. This will provide a means of efficient international expansion as we develop commercial operations around the world. 
 FAA certification of new aircraft designs is hard and time consuming. There are no shortcuts, and it takes years to develop the team and the expertise needed to develop a certification basis with the FAA. While the agreement with the FAA for our G-1 certification basis has blazed a trail for others to follow, each certification basis is unique to the specific aircraft. The companies in our industry that are following our lead will also need to put in the hard work to develop the team and work independently with the FAA to solidify their own path to certification. 
 Capitalize on First Mover Advantage 
 In order to help the world connect faster and more easily with the people and places that matter most, we will need to deliver a transformational service at a price point that is economically accessible. This service has the potential to impact how often people see their families, where and how they live, work and connect, and how people spend their time. We believe that being early to market with the right aircraft will provide important first mover advantages that will enable us to steadily drive down end-user pricing in the years following commercial launch. 
 Emerging technologies often benefit from positive network effects as the product or service enters the market, and we expect this to hold true for aerial ridesharing. As additional passengers enter the network, utilization rates for our aircraft will increase, thereby improving unit economics and allowing costs to be amortized over a greater number of trips. At the same time, reductions in per aircraft costs driven by greater manufacturing scale can support progressively lower pricing while maintaining similar per aircraft unit profitability. A combination of these local network effects coupled with the economies of scale in manufacturing allow us to estimate that, as our services scale, we anticipate being able to offer the service at a cost of 3 per passenger mile, with opportunities to drive that end-user pricing down even further over time. 
 We expect this to result in a virtuous cycle. As additional passengers enter the network, we will be able to support the establishment of new routes and infrastructure, further increasing the value and utility of the service to the passengers using it. We believe this will position us to capture customer mindshare and establish a trusted, recognized brand that will keep passengers returning to the service and further reinforce these positive network effects. 
 Since the certification basis for new aircraft is determined on an aircraft-by-aircraft basis, the rigorous multi-year certification process requires a substantial investment of both time and capital by competitors, limiting their ability to rapidly enter the market. We believe this provides for an extended window in which to enjoy the benefits of the networks effects outlined above. The FAA certification process also requires a substantial investment of both time and capital for competitors to modify their designs or technologies to match the best-in-class performance of our aircraft. We believe this will make the first mover advantage particularly meaningful in the aerial ridesharing market. 
 Finally, we believe that network effects, combined with our strong engineering function, will provide a robust base for investments in next generation technologies such as autonomy and improvements in battery energy density. Accelerating the development, or otherwise capturing the benefits of improvements in these technologies will provide another lever for improving unit economics and driving down end-user pricing, precipitating the next cycle of network effects. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Compelling Unit Economics with Quick Payback Period 
 From the early design stage, we have focused on developing an aircraft that delivers compelling unit economics. First, we expect the fault-tolerant architecture of the aircraft, combined with a design intended to have no single point of failure across aircraft systems, will result in substantially lower maintenance costs and down times relative to existing aircraft. Second, with a top speed nearly double that of conventional helicopters, we will be able to deliver faster operating speeds and amortize fixed and variable costs over a greater number of passenger seat miles. Finally, by being all-electric, the aircraft operates with substantially lower fuel costs relative to conventionally fueled alternatives. These low maintenance costs, low fuel costs and high operating speeds combine to deliver an operating cost projected to be 1/4th of the cost per mile flown as a twin engine helicopter. 
 On a per plane basis, at a price point of 3.00 per seat mile at scale, we anticipate each aircraft will generate approximately 2.2 million of net revenue, which when combined with the all-in favorable unit cost profile, will generate approximately 1.0 million of earnings. This creates an attractive payback period of just 1.3 years for an aircraft with a projected 10-year service life, and demonstrates the compelling opportunity we have to increase scale. 
 Develop Partnerships to Reduce Risk 
 We believe that our strategic relationships provide us with another point of competitive differentiation. Across each of the important activities of high-volume manufacturing, go-to-market strategy and pre-certification operations, we have established strong collaborations and relationships with Toyota, Delta, Uber and the U.S. Government to help to de-risk our commercial strategy. 
 Toyota Motor Corporation 
 Toyota has invested nearly 400 million in Joby to date, making Toyota our largest outside investor. However, the collaboration goes beyond pure financial backing. Toyota engineers are working shoulder to shoulder with their Joby counterparts on a daily basis, collaborating on projects such as factory planning and layout, manufacturing process development and design for manufacturability. 
 The production volumes that we are targeting for our aircraft are closer to the volumes associated with the automotive industry than traditional aerospace manufacturing. Capturing economies of scale in both production and operations is an important component of our strategy to deliver a global mobility service that steadily drives down end-user pricing in the years following commercial launch. 
 We believe that our collaboration with Toyota has provided and continues to provide us with a significant competitive advantage as we design and build out our high-volume manufacturing capability. In addition to being the world s largest automaker, Toyota is globally recognized for delivering quality, safety and reliability at scale, all of which are necessary characteristics in aerospace manufacturing. We believe this makes Toyota a strong collaboration partner as we continue to develop our high-volume manufacturing capabilities. 
 Uber Technologies, Inc. 
 We believe that our partnership with Uber Technologies, Inc. and our acquisition of Uber s Elevate business, provides us with two important competitive advantages in our go-to-market planning and execution. 
 First, through our acquisition of Elevate we were able to welcome approximately 40 experienced team members from Uber, along with a set of software tools focused on planning and operations the Elevate team had developed over several years. The planning tools we acquired enable higher fidelity decision-making on market selection, infrastructure siting, demand simulation and multi-modal operations, and are supported by underlying mobility data sets that feed these software tools. The operational tools we acquired were developed to support the Uber Copter service, a multi-modal aerial ridesharing service run by Uber in late 2019 and early 2020. We also acquired a portfolio of 5 issued or allowed patents and 74 pending patent applications, many of which relate to aerial rideshare technology such as fleet and infrastructure utilization, routing, air traffic coordination, app technology, and takeoff and landing infrastructure. We believe the acquisition of Elevate positions us to make uniquely informed, data-driven decisions in the lead up to commercial launch, as well as accelerating our operational readiness. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Second, the collaboration agreement that we entered into with Uber at the closing of the Elevate acquisition provides for the integration of our aerial ridesharing service into the Uber app across all U.S. launch markets. In 2022, we further expanded this collaboration to include global markets. We believe this will provide a best-in-class platform to funnel demand to our aerial ridesharing service, while allowing us to reduce customer acquisition costs in the early years of commercial operations. Uber will also be reciprocally integrated into any future Joby Aviation mobile application on a non-exclusive basis to service the ground-based component of multi-modal journeys booked by customers through our application. The goal of this mutual integration is to ensure passengers can access a multi-modal travel experience, seamlessly transitioning from ground-to-air-to-ground with unified, one-click booking. 
 
 Delta Air Lines, Inc. 
 In October of 2022, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Delta Air Lines, Inc. Delta to develop a long-term strategic relationship for a premium airport transportation service that we plan to offer to Delta passengers in select markets through the Delta booking platform. At the same time, Delta invested 60 million through a purchase of our common stock and also received warrants which, if exercised, could expand their total investment to 200 million. We believe that our relationship with Delta, in addition to providing additional capital, will be another important method of customer acquisition when we launch our commercial passenger service, and will also provide opportunities to leverage Delta s expertise in providing a seamless passenger experience and experience in building out infrastructure at key airports. 
 
 U.S. Air Force 
 In December of 2020, we became, to our knowledge, the first company to receive airworthiness approval for an eVTOL aircraft from the U.S. Air Force, and in the first quarter of 2021 we officially began on-base operations under contract pursuant to the U.S. Air Force s Agility Prime program. Our multi-year relationship with the U.S. Air Force and other U.S. Government agencies provides us with a compelling opportunity to more thoroughly understand the operational capabilities and maintenance profiles of our aircraft in advance of commercial launch. We believe it will also provide an opportunity to test various aspects of the consumer-facing aerial ridesharing service. By operating our aircraft on U.S. military installations on a contractor-owned, contractor-operated model, we expect to gain valuable insight that will result in a more reliable service at launch. 
 In addition to the operational learnings, our existing contracts, which we expanded in July 2022 to include the U.S. Marine Corps., also provide for more than 75 million of payments through 2025 based upon full performance, and we are actively pursuing additional contracts and relationships that would increase these on-base operations going forward. 
 In addition to the strategic relationships outlined above, we continue to pursue and develop strategic partnerships with key stakeholders across the eVTOL value chain. We maintain regular dialogue with regulatory bodies and aviation authorities (domestic and international), cities and municipalities, real estate and infrastructure partners, and transportation service providers, to name a few. 
 Future Market Opportunities 
 We believe there are opportunities to address markets that are adjacent to our core mobility business, including delivery and logistics as well as emergency services. We may make select investments to address these market adjacencies over time. 
 We also believe that developments in advanced flight controls, battery technologies and alternative methods of energy storage could have a meaningful impact on our core mobility business. Advanced flight controls, including additional pilot assist features and, in time, fully-autonomous flight, may allow us to drive-down cost and lower customer pricing as well as relieve operational constraints to scaling our service. Improvements in battery technology or alternative methods of energy storage may allow us to increase the range, speed and/or payload of our vehicles, dramatically expanding the range of trips and use-cases we can serve. 
 We are investing, and will continue to invest, strategically in these areas to ensure that we are well-positioned to capture the benefits offered by these new developments. For example,we believe that other future technologies, such as hydrogen fuel cells or solid-state batteries, have the potential to play an important role in decarbonizing flight in the longer term and may seek to invest in or develop these opportunities as they arise. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our Regulatory Strategy 
 Over the near-term, our priorities will include support for the FAA certification process and policy engagements with decision makers and communities. 
 FAA Certification Process 
 There can be no compromise on safety, and aircraft designed to carry people are certified against the FAA's stringent safety criteria. Our aircraft is no exception. 
 In contrast to non-passenger carrying drones, which have been allowed to fly without design certification provided they do not put people on the ground at risk, our business is required to comply with FAA regulations governing aircraft airworthiness and installation, production and quality systems, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. Outside the U.S., similar requirements exist for airworthiness, installation and operational approvals. These requirements are generally administered by the national aviation authorities of each country. 
 Design Certification 
 The aircraft design certification process, known as type certification, allows for the manufacture of aircraft meeting the approved design to be issued a standard airworthiness certificate in order to fly in the National Airspace System. 
 Our aircraft was originally intended to be certified in line with the FAA's existing Part 23 requirements as a normal category piloted electric airplane that can also takeoff and land vertically. We began working with the FAA in 2017 to establish the specific design criteria that would apply to the aircraft. In 2020 the FAA provided us with a signed, stage 4 G-1 certification basis. 
 The G-1 certification basis for our aircraft was built on a foundation of more than 1,000 test flights completed across various prototypes, including the world s first transition flight of a full-scale, vectored thrust, eVTOL in 2017. Recent advances in technology allow for the majority of test flights to be remotely piloted from the ground, although short piloted hover flights of our aircraft were completed in 2020. 
 In May 2022, the FAA indicated that they were revisiting the decision to certify all eVTOLs under Part 23 and would, instead, require certification under the powered lift classification. Based on the FAA s revised certification requirements, we signed an updated G-1 certification basis in July 2022, which was published in the federal register in November 2022. We anticipate we will initially certify the aircraft for day and night visual flight rules VFR operations and we will quickly amend the design to include instrument flight rules IFR capabilities. 
 To date we believe we have removed a large amount of unknown risk from the certification program through years of work with the FAA. Our path to certification leverages a majority of existing processes, procedures and standards. Our certification team has continued to progress the means of compliance (how we will show compliance) and to work on defining tests and analysis that will be utilized to prove compliance to the FAA based upon the agreed to certification basis. 
 Production Certification 
 Aviation manufacturing businesses are heavily regulated in most markets. As we ramp up production, we expect to interact with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including the FAA, with respect to certification of our production and quality systems. We are developing the systems and processes needed to obtain FAA production certification, and intend to obtain our production certificate shortly following completion of our aircraft type certificate. 
 We believe there are opportunities to leverage advanced manufacturing techniques such as additive manufacturing to further improve the performance of the aircraft. However, we also appreciate that the certification of unconventional production processes adds additional risk to our program. As a result, we have ensured that our aircraft can be produced utilizing conventional aerospace manufacturing techniques in the event additively manufactured components or other advanced production processes cannot be certified expediently. 
 Operating Certification 
 The U.S. Department of Transportation DOT and the FAA exercise regulatory authority over air transportation operations in the U.S. Our intended transportation service is expected to be regulated by the Federal Aviation Regulations, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 including 14 Code of Federal Regulations 135 Part 135 ). We received our Part 135 Air Carrier Certificate in 2022. Air carriers holding Part 135 operations specifications can conduct on-demand operations, which may include limited scheduled operations. If such an air carrier receives a commuter air carrier authorization from the DOT, the air carrier may provide unlimited scheduled operations as well as on-demand operations. 
 The FAA recently indicated that they do not expect the relevant operational regulations, or Special Federal Aviation Regulations SFARs ), for eVTOL aircraft to be finalized until late 2024. If the publication of the SFARs is further delayed, if the FAA requires further modifications to our existing G-1 certification basis, or if there are other regulatory changes or revisions, this could delay our ability to obtain type certification, and could delay our ability to launch our commercial passenger service. 
 Our operations may also be subject to certain provisions of the Communications Act of 1934 because of their extensive use of radio and other communication facilities, and we may be required to obtain an aeronautical radio license from the Federal Communications Commission FCC ). To the extent we are subject to FCC requirements, we will take all necessary steps to comply with those requirements. 
 Our operations may become subject to additional federal requirements in the future under certain circumstances. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations at locations where we operate and may become subject to the regulations of various local authorities that operate airports we intend to operate from. 
 Airspace Integration 
 The aircraft has been designed to be operated under fixed-wing flight rules and regulations with a qualified pilot in command onboard the aircraft. 
 As the density of air traffic increases, we believe there are opportunities to expand ground infrastructure and create air traffic efficiencies. Over time, we anticipate the importance of working with the FAA, local authorities and other stakeholders to identify and develop procedures along high demand routes to support increased scale and operational tempo. Constructs for operating along those routes may include specific airspace corridors like those outlined by the FAA. In the long term, digital clearance deliveries, airspace authorizations and automated coordination between service providers and operators may be required to further increase airspace scalability. We expect to continue to be involved in long-term activities to develop concepts and technologies (for example those led by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA and the FAA) to further enable scaling towards mature and autonomous operations. 
 Policy Engagements with Decision Makers Communities 
 Providing a successful air transportation service requires collaboration with local communities to assure the services provide the right solutions in the right locations. We plan to grow our engagement at the state and local levels within the U.S. and with key international partners in the coming years. 
 While the regulation of the aircraft and its operation with the NAS falls within the purview of the FAA, takeoff and landing locations often require state and local approval for zoning and land use. In many cases, existing airports and heliports are subject to regulations by local authorities. 
 Noise Regulations 
 Our aircraft has been designed to minimize noise to allow for operations in and out of new skyports that are nearer to where people want to live and work. At our noisiest configuration, the aircraft has a noise profile in the range of 65 dBA, roughly the volume of a normal talking voice. Given our low noise profile, we do not expect our operations to be constrained to on-airport operations. 
 The Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 recognizes the rights of operators of airports to implement noise and access restrictions so long as such programs do not interfere unreasonably with interstate or foreign commerce or the national air transportation system. In addition, states and local municipalities are able to set ordinances for zoning and land use, which may include noise or other restrictions such as curfews. Finally, foreign governments may allow airports and/or municipalities to enact similar restrictions. Accordingly, minimizing the volume and characteristics of noise within and above communities has been an important focus for us in order to drive community acceptance. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights (e.g., patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, including know-how and expertise) and contracts (e.g., license agreements, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee and contractor disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other similar contractual rights). 
 As of January 15, 2023, we have 164 issued or allowed patents (of which 128 are U.S. filings) and 193 pending patent applications (of which 98 are U.S. filings). The patent portfolio is primarily related to eVTOL vehicle technology and UAM/aerial rideshare technology. We regularly file patent applications and from time to time acquire patents from third parties. 
 Our patent filings include 66 issued or allowed patents and 134 pending patent applications relating to our aircraft, its architecture, powertrain, acoustics, energy storage and distribution systems, flight control system and system resiliency, as well as certain additional aircraft configurations and technologies. Additionally, we have 98 issued or allowed patents and 30 pending patent applications related to aerial rideshare technology, such as fleet and infrastructure utilization, routing, air traffic coordination, rideshare software applications, vertiport infrastructure, and ancillary computer technologies. 
 Our Commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Leadership 
 By developing an efficient, all-electric aircraft with no operating emissions, a low noise footprint and high levels of safety, we believe we can make a meaningful contribution to tackling the dual challenges of congestion and climate change. 
 We are building a dedicated, diverse and inclusive workforce to achieve this goal while adhering to best practices in risk assessment, mitigation and corporate governance. We plan to report how we oversee and manage ESG factors material to our business, and also evaluate how our ESG objectives align with elements of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals SDGs in our first ESG/sustainability report, which we expect to release in 2023. 
 Our ESG initiative is organized into three pillars, which, in turn, contain focus areas for our attention and action: 
 Environmental - Our Environmental pillar is focused on being a good steward of the natural environment through the production and development of innovative designs that reduce resource use and energy consumption. 
 Social - Our Social pillar is focused on promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion, while underpinning all of our activities with a core focus on health and safety. 
 Governance - Our Governance pillar focuses on upholding our commitment to ethical business conduct, integrity, and corporate responsibility, and integrating strong governance and enterprise risk management oversight across all aspects of our business. 
 Our Focus on Sustainable Manufacturing and Safety 
 Our engineering and design standards are designed to ensure that we are operating in an efficient, safe, sustainable and compliant manner, and encourage us to be leaders in pursuing environmentally friendly production practices. Our Environmental Sustainability Team works closely with our operating units to track material inputs and outputs, to build strategies for chemical reduction and eliminations, and to review the proper handling and disposal of our materials. In 2022, we implemented two new recycling programs for the manufacturing processes. We are now able to recycle our aircraft batteries after testing or end-of-life as well as our carbon fiber scraps. We also conducted a life cycle assessment of our aircraft manufacturing and planned operational processes in order to build a reliable and transparent data set that will allow us to monitor and mitigate our emissions, waste and natural resource consumption over time. 
 With safety as a core value, we emphasize the importance of safety in everything that we do. This includes adherence to safety rules, best practices, and compliance. Every employee is trained in the safety policies and procedures that are relevant to their role, and we encourage all employees to participate in company-wide safety initiatives, including participating in our non-punitive safety reporting program to identify hazards and reduce risks. Employees are encouraged to own and participate in safety and we conduct regular audits to ensure proper safety procedures are being used and that hazard identification and risk assessment information is being conducted. 
 Given our intent to both manufacture and operate our aircraft, we are developing a comprehensive, vertically integrated, enterprise Safety Management System SMS ), covering aircraft, manufacturing, operations, maintenance and flight 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 training. Through the enterprise approach, SMS interfaces will facilitate the exchange of information to continuously improve the safety of our aircraft and operations. 
 Social and Human Capital 
 To achieve our goal of enabling the world to connect faster and more easily with the people and places that matter most, we will need to attract and retain employees with a diverse set of skills and perspectives as we grow our business. Many of our employees are located in highly competitive labor markets. In addition to competitive cash and equity compensation, offering employees a compelling vision and an opportunity to positively impact their communities is a key part of our strategy to grow our workforce. Additionally. we make multiple workforce investments in the communities where we operate, with programs enabling accessibility, education and training. This has multiple benefits including broadening the reach of new technologies such as electric aviation, improving awareness and social license to operate in communities, extending opportunities to underserved communities, and developing our future workforce. For example, we are working with Aviation High School in New York City to prepare the next generation of aircraft maintenance technicians and aerospace leaders for career opportunities created by the electric age of flight. 
 Our annual employee engagement survey captures team member feedback. The measurement model is a combination of vendor content and in-house-developed content led by our Industrial/Organizational Psychologists on the Talent Development Analytics team. For 2022, we achieved a response rate of 85 and the survey included 72 items capturing 13 key areas of the employee experience. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 1,422 employees, with over 80 directly supporting our engineering, certification and early manufacturing operations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We believe we have good relationships with our employees and have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We work diligently to create a diverse, inclusive and equitable work environment. We provide equal opportunities for growth, success, promotion, learning and development, and aim to achieve parity in the way we organize, assign and manage projects. We encourage employee engagement through resource groups including Women of Joby and Joby Pride. We also host seminars to discuss gender and racial equality issues and other topics that are important to our employees. We are focused on building support across all teams and individuals, ensuring everyone has a voice, and treats each other with respect. 
 Competition 
 We believe that the primary sources of competition for our service are ground-based mobility solutions, other eVTOL developers/operators and local/regional incumbent aircraft charter services. 
 We believe the primary factors that will drive success in the UAM market include: 
 the performance of our eVTOL aircraft relative to both competitive eVTOL aircraft and traditional aircraft; 
 the ability to certify the aircraft and begin service operations in a timely manner; 
 the ability to manufacture efficiently at scale; 
 the ability to scale the service adequately to drive down end-user pricing; 
 the ability to capture first-mover advantage, if any; 
 the ability to offer services and routes that provide adequate value proposition for passengers; 
 the ability to develop or otherwise capture the benefits of next generation technologies; and 
 the ability to deliver products and services to a high-level of quality, reliability and safety. 
 While there are differentiated approaches to vehicle designs and business models, we believe that our aircraft and vertically-integrated approach offer the greatest long-term prospects to certify and produce the best aircraft to serve our customers and, in turn, to monetize the full value chain from development through operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks. Any of the risk factors we describe below have affected or could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and brand. The market price of shares of our common stock could decline, possibly significantly or permanently, if one or more of these risks and uncertainties occurs. Certain statements in Risk Factors are forward-looking statements. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Market Service 
 The market for UAM has not been established with precision, is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 
 The UAM market is still emerging and has not been established with precision. It is uncertain to what extent market acceptance will grow, if at all. This market is new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, new aircraft and changing consumer demands and behaviors. We intend to initially launch operations in a limited number of metropolitan areas. The success of these markets and the opportunity for future growth in these markets may not be representative of the potential market for UAM in other metropolitan areas. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on regulatory approval and availability of eVTOL technology, as well as the willingness of commuters and travelers to widely adopt air mobility as an alternative to ground transportation. If the public does not perceive UAM as beneficial, or chooses not to adopt UAM then the market for our offerings may not develop, may develop more slowly than we expect or may not achieve the growth potential we expect. As a result, the number of potential passengers using our services cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to operate in a profitable manner in any of our targeted markets. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There may be reluctance by consumers to adopt this new form of mobility, or unwillingness to pay our projected prices. 
 Our growth is highly dependent upon consumer adoption of an entirely new form of mobility offered by eVTOL aircraft and the UAM market. If consumers do not adopt this new form of mobility or are not willing to pay the prices we project for our services, our business may never materialize. 
 Our success in a given market will depend on our ability to develop a service network that provides passengers significant time savings when compared with alternative modes of transportation and accurately assess and predicts passenger demand and price sensitivity, which may fluctuate based on a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, quality of service, negative publicity, safety incidents, perceived political or geopolitical affiliations, or general dissatisfaction with our services. If we fail to attract passengers, deliver sufficient value to our passengers, or accurately predict demand and price sensitivity, it would harm our financial performance and our competitors products may achieve greater market adoption and may grow at a faster rate than our service. 
 We may not be able to launch our aerial ridesharing service beginning in 2025, as currently projected. 
 We will need to address significant regulatory, political, operational, logistical, and other challenges in order to launch our aerial ridesharing service. We do not currently have infrastructure in place to operate the service and such infrastructure may not be available or may be occupied on an exclusive basis by competitors. We also have not yet received FAA certification of our aircraft or other required airspace or operational authority and approvals, which are essential to operate our service, and for aircraft production and operation. 
 Our pre-certification operations may also reveal issues with our aircraft, which could result in certification delays. For example, in February 2022, one of our remotely piloted, experimental prototype aircraft was involved in an accident during flight testing. We are jointly investigating the accident with the FAA and National Transportation Safety Board NTSB ). At this time, we do not expect the accident to have a significant impact on our business operations or certification timing. Any delay in the financing, design, manufacture and commercial release of our aircraft, which are often experienced by aircraft manufacturers, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. If 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 we are not able to overcome these challenges, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition will be negatively impacted and our ability to grow our business will be harmed. 
 We may be unable to effectively build a customer-facing business or app. 
 We have not yet developed the application through which users will book trips. We may experience difficulty in developing the applications necessary to operate the business, including the customer-facing application. The software underlying the application will be complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered after the code has been released. The third-party software that we incorporate into our platform may also be subject to errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors or vulnerabilities, whether in our proprietary code or any third-party software on which we rely, could result in negative publicity, a loss of users or revenue, access or other performance issues, security incidents, or other liabilities. Such vulnerabilities could also prevent passengers from booking flights, which would adversely affect our passenger utilization rates, or disrupt communications within the Company (e.g., flight schedules or passenger manifests), which could affect our performance. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to address any errors or vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations as well as negatively impact our reputation or brand. 
 We may be unable to reduce end-user pricing at rates sufficient to drive expected growth for our service. 
 We may not be able to reduce end-user pricing over time to increase demand, address new market segments and develop a significantly broader customer base. We expect that our initial end-user pricing may be most attractive to relatively affluent consumers, and we will need to address new markets and expand our customer base in order to further grow our business. In particular, we intend for our aerial ridesharing service to be economically accessible to a broad segment of the population and appeal to the customers of ground-based ridesharing services, taxis, and other methods of transportation. 
 Reducing end-user pricing is dependent on accurately estimating the unit economics of our aircraft and the corresponding service. Our estimates rely, in part, on future technology advancements, such as aerial and ground-based autonomy. If our estimates are inaccurate regarding factors such as production volumes, utilization rates, demand elasticity, operating conditions, deployment volumes, production costs, indirect cost of goods sold, landing fees, charging fees, electricity availability and/or other operating expenses, or if technology such as aerial and ground-based autonomy fails to develop, mature or be commercially available within the periods we expect, we may be unable to offer our service at pricing that is sufficiently compelling to bring about the local network effects that we are predicting and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our competitors may commercialize their technology before us, or we may not be able to fully capture the first mover advantage that we anticipate. 
 While we believe we are well positioned to be first to market with an eVTOL piloted aerial ridesharing service, we expect this industry to be increasingly competitive and our competitors could get to market before or at the same time as us, either generally or in specific markets. Even if we are first to market, we may not fully realize the benefits we anticipate, and we may not receive any competitive advantage or may be overcome by other competitors. If new or existing companies launch competing solutions in the markets in which we intend to operate and obtain large scale capital investment, we may face increased competition. Additionally, our competitors may benefit from our efforts in developing consumer and community acceptance for eVTOL aircraft and aerial ridesharing, making it easier for them to obtain the permits and authorizations required to operate an aerial ridesharing service. 
 Many of our current and potential competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we have and expect to have in the future, which may allow them to devote greater resources to the development, certification and marketing of their products and services or to offer lower prices. Our competitors may also establish strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings. Some have more experience in the aerospace industry than we have, and foreign competitors could benefit from subsidies or other protective measures offered by their home countries. If our competitors commercialize their technology before us, or if we do not capture the first mover advantage that we anticipate, it may harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to make our service sufficiently convenient to drive customer adoption. 
 Our service will depend, in part, on third-party ground operators to take customers from their origin to their departure skyport and from their arrival skyport to their ultimate destination. While we expect to be able to integrate these third-party ground operators into our service, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so effectively, at prices that are favorable to us, or at all. We do not intend to own or operate the ground portion of our multimodal service. Our business and our brand will be affiliated with these third-party ground operators, and we may experience harm to our reputation if they suffer from financial instability, poor service, negative publicity, accidents, or safety incidents which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reputation may be harmed by the broader industry, and customers may not differentiate our services from our competitors. 
 Passengers and other stakeholders may not differentiate between us and the broader aviation industry or, more specifically, the UAM service industry. If other participants in this market have problems such as safety, technology development, engagement with certification authorities or other regulators, community engagement, security, data privacy, flight delays, or customer service, such problems could impact the public perception of the entire industry, including our business. We may fail to adequately differentiate our brand, our services and our aircraft from others in the market which could impact our ability to attract passengers or engage with other key stakeholders and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our prospects may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences, discretionary spending and other economic conditions that affect demand for our services, including changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our business is primarily concentrated on UAM services, which we expect may be vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences, discretionary spending and other market changes. The global economy has in the past, and will in the future, experience periods of economic instability, inflation and recession, including the ongoing effects financial impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic. During such periods, our passengers may reduce overall spending on discretionary purchases. Such changes could result in reduced consumer demand for our services, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure, including access to key infrastructure such as airports, we may be unable to offer our service in a way that is useful to passengers. 
 To operate and expand our proposed aerial ridesharing service, we must secure or otherwise develop adequate landing and maintenance infrastructure in desirable locations in metropolitan areas for our aircraft. We may not be able to ensure that our plans for new service can be implemented in a commercially viable manner given infrastructure constraints, including those imposed by inadequate facilities at desirable locations and increasingly congested airports and heliports. Access to these facilities may be prohibitively expensive, unavailable, or may be inconsistent with our projections. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain necessary permits and approvals and to make necessary infrastructure changes to enable adoption of our aircraft, such as installation of charging equipment. 
 There is also a complex patchwork of federal, regional and municipal regulatory considerations applicable to assets management and property development in general, and aviation assets and infrastructure in particular. Applicable regulations can vary widely by locality. Local community groups, some of which may be opposed to property development in general, and new aviation infrastructure in particular, can impact the application of these regulations or the development of new regulations. If we are unable to acquire or maintain space for passenger terminal or maintenance operations in desirable locations, this could prevent our service from being practical for our customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our aircraft utilization may be lower than expected due to weather and other factors. 
 Our aircraft may not be able to fly safely in poor weather conditions, including snowstorms, thunderstorms, high winds, lightning, hail, known icing conditions and/or fog. Our inability to operate in these conditions will reduce our aircraft utilization and cause delays and disruptions in our services. We intend to maintain a high daily aircraft utilization rate, which is the amount of time our aircraft spend in the air carrying passengers. This is achieved, in part, by reducing turnaround times at skyports. Aircraft utilization is reduced by delays and cancellations from various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, security requirements, air traffic congestion and unscheduled maintenance events. The success of our business is dependent, in part, on the utilization rate of our aircraft, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 and reductions in utilization will adversely impact our financial performance, cause passenger dissatisfaction and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Aircraft and Production 
 Our aircraft may fail to achieve performance expectations. 
 Our aircraft may fail to achieve our performance expectations. For example, our aircraft may have a higher noise profile, carry a lower payload or have shorter maximum range than we estimate. Our aircraft also use a substantial amount of software code to operate. Software products are inherently complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced. We may incur significant costs to address any performance issues, or if not detected or addressed, such issues could negatively impact our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 While we have performed extensive testing, in some instances we are still relying on projections and models to validate the expected performance of our aircraft. To date, we have been unable to validate the performance of our aircraft over the expected lifetime of the aircraft. 
 We expect to introduce new and additional features and capabilities to the aircraft and our service over time. For example, we may initially operate under VFR only, and then add the ability to operate under IFR pursuant to block upgrade to the aircraft. We may be unable to develop or certify these upgrades in a timely manner or at all which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to produce aircraft in the volumes and on the timelines we project. 
 There are significant challenges associated with producing aircraft in the volumes that we are projecting. Our manufacturing facility and processes remain in the prototype stage. The aerospace industry has traditionally been characterized by significant barriers to entry, including large capital requirements, investment costs of designing and manufacturing aircraft, long lead times to bring aircraft to market, the need for specialized design and development expertise, extensive regulatory requirements, the challenge of establishing a brand name and image and the need to establish maintenance and service locations. As a manufacturer of electric aircraft, we face a variety of added barriers to entry including additional costs of developing and producing an electric powertrain, regulations associated with the transport of lithium-ion batteries and unproven customer demand for a fully electric aerial mobility service. Additionally, we are developing production lines for components and at volumes for which there is little precedent within the traditional aerospace industry. 
 We have not yet constructed a high-volume production facility in which to manufacture and assemble our aircraft. Final designs for the build out of the planned manufacturing facility are still in process, and various aspects of the component procurement and manufacturing plans have not yet been determined. We are currently evaluating, qualifying and selecting our suppliers for the planned production aircraft, and we have engaged suppliers for certain necessary components. However, we may not be able to engage suppliers for the remaining components in a timely manner, at an acceptable price, in the necessary quantities or at all. 
 We will need to do extensive testing to ensure that the aircraft is in compliance with all applicable regulations prior to beginning mass production. In addition to certification of the aircraft, we will be required to obtain approval from the FAA to manufacture completed aircraft pursuant to an FAA-approved type design e.g. , type certificate). Production approval involves initial FAA manufacturing approval and extensive ongoing oversight of mass-produced aircraft. If we are unable to obtain production approval for the aircraft, or the FAA imposes unanticipated restrictions as a condition of approval, our projected costs of production could increase substantially. 
 The timing of our production ramp is dependent upon finalizing certain aspects of the design, engineering, component procurement, testing, build out, and manufacturing plans in a timely manner and upon our ability to execute these plans within the current timeline. It also depends on being able to obtain timely Production Certification from the FAA and sufficient staffing to support production objectives. We intend to fund the build out of our manufacturing facility using existing cash and future financing opportunities. If we are unable to obtain the funds required on the timeline that we anticipate, our plans for building our manufacturing plants could be delayed. If any of the foregoing risks occurs, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Crashes, accidents or incidents of eVTOL aircraft or involving lithium-ion batteries involving us or our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Test flying prototype aircraft is inherently risky, and crashes, accidents or incidents involving our aircraft are possible. In February 2022, one our remotely piloted, experimental prototype aircraft was involved in an accident during flight testing. We are jointly investigating the accident with the FAA and NTSB. At this time, we do not expect the accident to have a significant impact on our business operations or certification timing. This, or any other such occurrence may negatively impact our development, testing and certification efforts, and could result in re-design, certification delay and/or postponements or delays to our commercial service launch. 
 The operation of aircraft is subject to various risks, and we expect demand for our aerial ridesharing services to be impacted by accidents or other safety issues regardless of whether such accidents or issues involve our aircraft. Such accidents or incidents could also have a material impact on our ability to obtain FAA certification for our aircraft, or to obtain such certification in a timely manner. Such events could impact confidence in a particular aircraft type or the air transportation services industry as a whole, particularly if such accidents or disasters were due to a safety issue. We believe that regulators and the general public are still forming their opinions about the safety and utility of aircraft that are highly reliant on lithium-ion batteries and advanced flight control software capabilities and that operate in and around urban areas. An accident or incident involving either our aircraft or a competitor s aircraft while these opinions are being formed could have a disproportionate impact on the longer-term view of the emerging UAM market. 
 We are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving our company, our people, our brand or other companies in our industry. Such an incident could involve the actual or alleged behavior of any of our employees or third-party contractors. Further, if our personnel, our aircraft, or other types of aircraft are involved in a public incident, accident, cyberattack or regulatory enforcement action, we could be exposed to significant reputational harm and potential legal liability. The insurance we carry may be inapplicable or inadequate to cover any such matter. If our insurance is inapplicable or inadequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses. In addition, any such incident could create an adverse public perception, which could harm our reputation, and result in passengers being reluctant to use our services, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects. 
 We will initially rely on a single type of aircraft to support our commercial UAM business, which makes us vulnerable to design defects or mechanical problems. 
 Our service will initially rely on a single aircraft type. Our dependence on our aircraft makes us particularly vulnerable to any design defects, performance shortfalls or mechanical problems associated with our aircraft or its component parts. Any actual or perceived safety issues may result in significant reputational harm to our businesses, in addition to legal liability, increased maintenance, safety infrastructure and other costs. Such issues could result in delaying or cancelling planned flights, increased regulation, grounding of aircraft or other systemic consequences, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 We depend on suppliers and service partners for raw materials, parts and components. 
 Despite our high degree of vertical integration, we still rely on purchased parts and materials for aircraft production and manufacturing equipment which we source from suppliers globally, some of whom are currently single source suppliers. Many of the components used in our aircraft must be custom made for us. This exposes us to multiple potential sources of production constraints, disruption, delivery failure, or component shortages. While we believe that we may be able to establish alternate supply relationships and can obtain replacement components, we may be unable to do so in the short term, or at all, at prices that are favorable to us. While we have not experienced material supply chain disruptions to date, we may in the future, which could cause delays in our production process for both prototype and commercial production aircraft. Furthermore, if we experience significant increased demand, or need to replace our existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. The disruption in the supply of components from suppliers could lead to delays in aircraft production, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 Our aircraft may require maintenance at frequencies or at costs which are unexpected. 
 Our aircraft are highly technical products that require maintenance and support. We are still developing our understanding of the long-term maintenance profile of the aircraft. If useful lifetimes are shorter than expected this may lead to greater maintenance costs than we anticipate. If our aircraft and related equipment require maintenance more frequently than we 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 plan for or at costs that exceed our estimates, that would disrupt the operation of our service and result in higher operating cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulatory Airspace 
 We may be unable to obtain relevant regulatory approvals for the commercialization of our aircraft or operation of our mobility service. 
 The commercialization of new aircraft and the operation of an aerial mobility service requires certain regulatory authorizations and certifications, including Type Certification and an air carrier certificate issued by the FAA under Part 119 with Part 135 operations specifications. While we have received our Part 135 Air Carrier Certificate and anticipate being able to obtain the remaining required authorizations and certifications, we may be unable to do so on the timeline we project or at all. If we fail to obtain any of the required authorizations or certificates, or do so in a timely manner, or any of these authorizations or certificates are modified, suspended or revoked after we obtain them, we may be unable to launch our commercial service or do so on the timelines we project and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulatory authorities may disagree with our view that integrating our service into the National Airspace System is possible without changes to existing regulations and procedures. 
 There are a number of existing laws, regulations and standards that apply to our aircraft and our service, including standards that were not originally intended to apply to electric aircraft. While our aircraft and our service are designed, at launch, to operate within the existing U.S. regulatory framework, the FAA or other regulatory authorities within the markets in which we intend to operate may disagree with this view, which may prohibit, restrict, or delay our ability to launch in the relevant market. Regulatory authorities have in the past and may in the future introduce changes specifically to address electric aircraft or high-volume flights that could delay our ability to launch our service and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If current airspace regulations are not modified to increase air traffic capacity, our business could be subject to considerable capacity limitations. 
 A failure to increase air traffic capacity in the airspace serving key markets, including around major airports, could create capacity limitations for our future operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Weaknesses in the National Airspace System and the Air Traffic Control ATC system, such as outdated procedures and technologies, could result in capacity constraints during peak travel periods or adverse weather conditions, resulting in delays and disruptions to our service. While our aircraft is designed to operate in the National Airspace System under existing rules, our business at scale will likely require airspace allocation for UAM operations and could result in regulatory changes. Our inability to obtain sufficient access to the National Airspace System or to comply with any regulatory changes could increase our costs and pricing of our services, which could reduce demand and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in government regulation could increase our operating costs. 
 Aerospace manufacturers and aircraft operators are subject to extensive regulatory and legal requirements that involve significant compliance costs. In May 2022, the FAA decided to certify eVTOLs under the powered lift classification, rather than existing Part 23 requirements for Normal Category Airplanes. The DOT and the FAA could issue additional regulations relating to the operation of our aircraft or further revise existing requirements that could require significant expenditures, resulting in increased costs for us and our passengers. Additional laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase the cost of our operations or reduce the demand for air travel. If adopted, these measures could have the effect of raising fares, reducing revenue and increasing costs, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The DOT regulates the terms of sale of our air transportation services. 
 To sell air transportation services in the United States, we will need DOT authorization of the sale of any charter flights and by-the-seat ridesharing services. The DOT further prescribes standards for, among other things, advertising, ticket refunds, baggage liability, consumer disclosures, customer service commitments, customer complaints and the transportation of passengers with disabilities. In the future, the DOT may adopt additional regulations that increase the costs or otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to security regulation that will increase our costs. 
 The Transportation Security Administration TSA is responsible for certain civil aviation security matters, including the regulation of air carriers that operate under Part 135 of the Federal Aviation Regulations as well as passenger and baggage screening at U.S. airports. Because we are introducing an innovative service that operates from both airports and skyports, the security regulatory scheme that will apply is uncertain. If the TSA imposes burdensome security requirements on our services, it could reduce the convenience of our service for our customers, resulting in lower demand and higher cost and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations, which may change. We may be unable to comply with these laws and regulations or U.S. government licensing policies, or to secure required authorizations in a timely manner. 
 Our business is subject to stringent U.S. import and export control laws and regulations as well as economic sanctions laws and regulations. We are required to import and export our products, software, technology and services, and run our operations in the United States, in full compliance with such laws and regulations, which may include the Export Administration Regulations EAR ), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR ), and economic sanctions administered by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). Similar laws impact our business in other jurisdictions. These trade controls prohibit, restrict, or regulate our ability to, directly or indirectly, export or transfer certain hardware, technical data, technology, software, or services to certain countries and territories, entities, and individuals, and for certain end uses. If we are found to be in violation of these laws and regulations it could result in civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of export or import privileges, debarment and reputational harm. While none of our current technologies require us to maintain a registration under ITAR, we may become subject to ITAR in the future. 
 Pursuant to these trade control laws and regulations, we are required, among other things, to (i) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification of products, software and technology, and (ii) obtain licenses or other forms of authorization to conduct our business. These requirements include the need to get permission to release controlled technology to foreign person employees and other foreign persons. Changes in U.S. trade control laws and regulations, or reclassifications of our products or technologies, may restrict our operations. The inability to secure and maintain necessary licenses and other authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully or to operate our business as planned. Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. licensing policy, such as those necessary to implement U.S. commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. Given the great discretion the government has in issuing or denying such authorizations, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our future efforts to secure and maintain necessary licenses, registrations, or other regulatory approvals which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will be subject to rapidly changing and increasingly restrictive laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security, which may be costly and difficult to comply with. 
 We will be collecting, using, and disclosing personal information of passengers and others in the course of operating our business. These activities are or may become regulated by a variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security, which are complex, rapidly evolving, and increasingly restrictive. 
 Several states, including California, have recently granted residents expanded rights related to their personal information, including the right to request deletion of their personal information and receive detailed reports of how their personal information is used and shared. Similar laws have been proposed in other states and at the federal level. Such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. 
 Despite our best efforts, we may not be successful in complying with the rapidly evolving privacy, data protection, and data security requirements. Any actual or perceived non-compliance could result in litigation and proceedings against us by governmental entities, passengers, or others, which could result in fines, civil or criminal penalties, limited ability or inability to operate our business, offer services, or market our platform in certain jurisdictions, negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government Contracts and Pre-Certification Operations 
 The U.S. government may modify or terminate one or more of our existing contracts. 
 The U.S. government may modify or terminate its contracts with us, without prior notice and at its convenience. In addition, funding may be reduced or withheld as part of the U.S. Congressional appropriations process due to fiscal constraints, changing priorities or other reasons. Any loss or reduction of expected funding and/or modification or termination of one or more of our U.S. government contracts could have a material adverse effect on our access to government testing facilities and/or our ability to secure pre-certification operating experience and/or revenues, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to grow our relationship with the U.S. government and the Department of Defense, which will limit our ability to operate prior to receiving an FAA certification of airworthiness. 
 We are projecting that we will enter into additional contracts with the U.S. government which would enable us to operate our aircraft as a service provider for the Department of Defense or other U.S. government agencies both prior to receiving an airworthiness certificate from the FAA and after. Failure to obtain these contracts would limit our ability to gain operational learnings about our aircraft and secure meaningful revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We conduct a portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks. 
 Contracts with the U.S. government are subject to extensive regulations. New regulations, or changes to existing regulations, could result in increased compliance costs, and we could be subject to withheld payments and/or reduced future business if we fail to comply with new or existing requirements in the future. Compliance costs attributable to current or future regulations such as these could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. 
 Contracts with the U.S. government are also subject to a variety of other requirements and risks including government reviews, audits, investigations, False Claims Act cases, suspension and debarment as well as other legal actions and proceedings that generally do not apply to purely commercial contracts. In addition, transactions involving government contractors may be subject to government review and approvals. Failure to comply with these requirements or secure necessary approvals could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Finances and Operations 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception. We incurred net losses of 258.0 million, 180.3 million and 114.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We have not yet started commercial operations, and it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. As a result, our losses may be larger than anticipated, and we may not achieve profitability when expected, or at all, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase profitability. 
 We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we move towards commercial launch, expand our manufacturing operations, increase our flight cadence, hire more employees and continue research and development efforts relating to new products and technologies. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to generate revenue sufficient to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow. Furthermore, if our future growth and operating performance fail to meet investor or analyst expectations, or if we have future negative cash flow or losses resulting from our investment in acquiring customers or expanding our operations, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will need additional capital in the future, including to build high-volume manufacturing, a fleet of our aircrafts and to develop a skyport network to support a high-volume service. 
 Our proposed operations contemplate significant manufacturing capacity, aircraft fleet and infrastructure development, including additional skyports where our aircraft can land, both within the United States and internationally. Construction of manufacturing facilities, skyports or other operating facilities may require significant capital expenditures, and in the future we may be required to make similar expenditures to expand or improve our operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, as our facilities and aircraft mature, our business will require capital expenditures for the maintenance, renovation and improvement of such locations to remain competitive and maintain the value of our brand. This creates an ongoing need for capital, and, to the extent we cannot fund capital expenditures from cash flows from operations, we will need to borrow or otherwise obtain funds. 
 Prior to the consummation of the Merger, we financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through private financing rounds. In the future, we may need to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. For example, the global COVID-19 health crisis and related financial impact resulted in, and may result in, significant disruption and volatility of global financial markets that could adversely impact our ability to access capital. In addition, increased interest rates in 2022 led to a widespread slowdown in investment and funding opportunities, especially for pre-revenue companies, that is expected to continue in the near-term. 
 We may sell equity securities or debt securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner that may materially dilute our current investors. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants that could reduce our operational flexibility or profitability. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have broad discretion in how we use our assets, and we may not use them effectively. 
 Our management has broad discretion in the use of our assets, including capital raised. We may use capital for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, and we may acquire complementary businesses, products, offerings, or technologies. We may also spend or invest in a way with which our stockholders disagree. If our management fails to use our capital effectively, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Joby had approximately 516.2 million and 745.0 million of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs and 28.4 million and 26.1 million federal and state research and development tax credits. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal NOLs generated by the Company in tax years through December 31, 2017 may be carried forward for 20 years and may fully offset taxable income in the year utilized and federal NOLs generated by the Company in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely but may only be used to offset 80 of our taxable income annually. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change federal NOLs and other tax attributes (such as research and development tax credits) to offset its post-change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in a corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period. We may have experienced ownership changes in the past and may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership (some of which shifts are outside our control). As a result, our ability to use our pre-change federal NOLs and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income and taxes could be subject to limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply. For these reasons, even if we achieve profitability, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 As a public company, beginning with this annual report on Form 10-K, we are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, commencing with this annual report on Form 10-K, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. An adverse report may be issued in the event our auditor is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed, or operating. 
 We are continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. While significant progress has been made to improve our internal control over 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 financial reporting, not all aspects of our past material weakness have been sufficiently remediated. The remaining aspect of the material weakness relates to the lack of a sufficient accounting resources with deep technical accounting knowledge to identify and resolve complex accounting issues in a timely manner. Remediation of the material weakness will require further validation and testing of the operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that may lead to a restatement of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
 In addition, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems, or the existing systems and third-party software applications that we rely on for financial reporting, do not perform as expected, we may experience further deficiencies in our controls and we may not be able to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 If there are material weaknesses or failures in our ability to meet any of the requirements related to the maintenance and reporting of our internal control, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and that could cause the price of our common stock to decline. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange NYSE or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional management attention and which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights, including technologies deployed in our current or future aircraft or utilized in arranging air transportation. To date, we have relied primarily on patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary technology. Our software is also subject to certain protection under copyright law, though we have chosen not to register any of our copyrights to date. We routinely enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants, third parties and others and take other measures to protect our intellectual property rights, such as limiting access to our trade secrets and other confidential information. We intend to continue to rely on these and other means, including patent protection, in the future. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate, and unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our intellectual property or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. If successful, these attempts may harm our ability to compete, accelerate the development of our competitors programs, and/or harm our competitive position in the market. Moreover, our non-disclosure agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. Our competitors or third parties may not comply with the terms of these agreements, and we may not be able to successfully enforce such agreements or obtain sufficient remedies if they are breached. In addition, we accept government funding for the development of some intellectual property which may result in the government obtaining some rights in our intellectual property. The intellectual property rights we own or license may not provide competitive advantages and could be challenged or circumvented by our competitors. 
 Further, obtaining and maintaining patent, copyright, and trademark protection can be costly. We may choose not to, or may fail to, pursue or maintain such forms of protection for our technology in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, which could harm our ability to maintain our competitive advantage in such jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our technology before it is too late to obtain patent protection, that we will be unable to devote the resources to file and prosecute all patent applications for such technology, or that we will lose protection for failing to comply with all procedural, documentary, payment, and other obligations during the patent prosecution process. The laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate to prevent other parties from infringing our proprietary technology. We may also fail to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or be required to expend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, including engaging in litigation, which may be costly, time-consuming, and divert the attention of management and resources, and may not ultimately be successful. If we fail to meaningfully establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 If conflicts arise between us and our strategic partners, our business could be adversely affected, or these parties may act in a manner adverse to us. 
 If conflicts arise between our collaborators or strategic partners and us, the other party may act in a manner adverse to us which could limit our ability to implement our strategies. Our collaborators or strategic partners may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with our products. Specifically, conflicts with Toyota Motor Corporation may adversely impact our ability to manufacture aircraft or scale production, while conflicts with Uber Technologies, Inc. and Delta Air Lines may adversely impact our ability to successfully launch and maintain our consumer-facing UAM services. Conflicts with foreign partners may adversely impact our ability to scale operations outside the U.S. effectively. If such conflicts arise it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may in the future invest significant resources in developing new offerings and exploring the application of our proprietary technologies for other uses and those opportunities may never materialize. 
 While our primary focus is on the design, manufacture and operation of our eVTOL aircraft and the related aerial mobility service, we may invest significant resources in developing new technologies, services, products and offerings. However, we may not realize the expected benefits of these investments. 
 Such research and development initiatives may also have a high degree of risk and involve unproven business strategies and technologies with which we have limited operating or development experience. They may involve claims and liabilities, expenses, regulatory challenges and other risks that we may not be able to anticipate. We may not be able to predict whether consumer demand for such initiatives will exist or be sustained at the levels that we anticipate, or whether any of these initiatives will generate sufficient revenue to offset any expenses or liabilities associated with these investments. Any such research and development efforts could distract management from current operations and would divert capital and other resources from our more established technologies. Even if we are successful in developing new products, services, offerings or technologies, regulatory authorities may subject us to new rules or restrictions in response to our innovations that may increase our expenses or prevent us from successfully commercializing new products, services, offerings or technologies and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any material disruption in our information systems could adversely affect our business. 
 Our systems, or those of third-parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions, outages, or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, human error or intentional bad acts by third parties or our employees, contractors, or service providers, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks or other events. Our insurance may not be sufficient, and we may not have sufficient remedies available to us from our third-party service providers, to cover all of our losses that may result from such issues which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach, or if unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers data, our reputation may be harmed, demand for services may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems to operate and manage our business and store our confidential and proprietary information. Our services will also involve the storage, processing and transmission of our customers data, including personal and financial information. We also engage and plan to engage third-party service providers to store and process this data. While we believe we and our service providers take reasonable steps to secure these networks and systems, our information technology infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic intrusions that our security measures may not detect. Any such security incident, including those resulting from cybersecurity attacks, phishing attacks, unauthorized access or usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in the loss, destruction, alteration or disclosure of this data, which could damage our reputation and lead to litigation, regulatory investigations, or other liabilities. These attacks may come from individual hackers, corporations, criminal groups, and state-sponsored organizations. Even the perception of inadequate security may damage our reputation and negatively impact our ability to win new customers and retain existing customers. Further, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address any data security incident or breach, which may not be fully covered by our insurance or at all, and which may involve payments for investigations, forensic analyses, legal advice, public relations advice, system repair or replacement, or other services. Any actual or alleged security breaches or alleged violations of federal, state, or foreign laws or regulations relating to privacy and data security could result in mandated user 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 notifications, litigation, government investigations, significant fines, and expenditures; divert management s attention from operations; deter customers from using our services; damage our brand and reputation; force us to cease operations for some length of time; and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to systems or networks are constantly evolving and, in some instances, are not identified until after they have been launched against a target. We and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative and mitigating measures. If we are unable to efficiently and effectively maintain and upgrade our system safeguards, we may incur unexpected costs and certain of our systems may become more vulnerable to unauthorized access or disruption. 
 Our intended initial operations are concentrated in a small number of metropolitan areas and airports which makes our business particularly susceptible to natural disasters, outbreaks and pandemics, growth constraints, economic, social, weather, and regulatory conditions or other circumstances affecting these metropolitan areas. 
 We intend to initially service larger metropolitan areas that will be the source of the majority of our revenue. As a result, our business and financial results are particularly susceptible to natural disasters, outbreaks and pandemics, growth constraints, economic, social, weather, and regulatory conditions or other circumstances applicable to these metropolitan areas. Because we will initially have a limited number of locations, a significant interruption or disruption in service at an individual skyport or metropolitan area where we have a significant volume of flights could have a severe impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our concentration in large metropolitan areas and heavily trafficked airports also makes our business susceptible to an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19, both due to the high volume of travelers flying into and out of such airports and the ease at which contagious diseases can spread through densely populated areas. 
 Disruption of operations at skyports, whether caused by labor relations, utility or communications issues, power outages, or changes in federal, state and local regulatory requirements could harm our business. Certain airports may regulate our flight operations, including limiting the number of landings per year, banning our operations or introducing new permitting requirements, which could significantly disrupt our operations. In addition, demand for our advanced air mobility services could be impacted if drop-offs or pick-ups of passengers become inconvenient because of airport rules or regulations, or more expensive because of airport-imposed fees, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We currently have subsidiaries located outside of the United States and plans for international operations in the future, which could subject us to political, operational and regulatory challenges. 
 While we plan to initially launch our business in the U.S. markets, we have established relationships with subsidiaries, suppliers and potential partners in select international markets. In addition, we currently have subsidiaries engaged in limited test manufacturing, R D and other activities in foreign countries. International operations are subject to a number of risks, including regulations that may differ from or be more stringent than analogous U.S. regulations, local political or economic instability, cross-border political tensions, challenges in effectively managing employees in foreign jurisdictions, including local labor laws that may be stricter or more costly to comply with than in the U.S., and exposure to potential liabilities under anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and similar laws and regulations. If any of these risks materialize it could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks arising from natural disasters and severe weather conditions and risks associated with climate change, including the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. 
 Natural disasters, including wildfires, tornados, hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, and severe weather conditions, may damage our manufacturing plants, facilities or aircraft or disrupt our operating routes. Our Bonny Doon facilities, in particular, are located in an area that is at high risk due to wildfire. Our Bonny Doon facilities are also subject to a risk of closure due to zoning and permitting issues. Destruction or our inability to use any of our facilities for a prolonged period of time could materially impact our ability to meet our projected timelines. 
 The potential effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, fires, sea-level rise and other climate-related events, could affect our operations, infrastructure and financial results. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 effects. We cannot accurately predict the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the effects of climate change. 
 We are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business, including interruptions or disruptions in service at our facilities, for which we may not be able to secure adequate insurance policies, or secure insurance policies at reasonable prices. 
 Our operations are subject to many hazards and operational risks, including general business risks, product liability and damage to third parties, our infrastructure or properties that may be caused by natural disasters, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks (including hijacking, use of the aircraft as a weapon, or use of the aircraft to disperse a chemical or biological agent), security related incidents or human errors. Additionally, our manufacturing operations are hazardous at times and may expose us to safety risks, including environmental risks and health and safety hazards to our employees or third parties. 
 We maintain general liability insurance, aviation flight testing insurance, aircraft liability coverage, directors and officers D O insurance, and other insurance policies and we believe our level of coverage is customary in the industry and adequate to protect against claims. However, there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient to cover all potential claims or that present levels of coverage will be available in the future at reasonable cost or at all. Further, we expect our insurance needs and costs to increase as we build production facilities, manufacture aircraft, establish commercial operations, add routes, increase flight and passenger volumes and expand into new markets. It is too early to determine what impact, if any, the commercial operation of eVTOLs will have on our insurance costs which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 We are dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel, including pilots and mechanics, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining these personnel. 
 Our success depends, in significant part, on the continued services of our senior management team and on our ability to attract, motivate, develop and retain a sufficient number of other highly skilled personnel. While our efforts to hire key personnel have generally been successful overall, hiring in the areas of software development and verification has progressed more slowly than initially expected, due to high levels of competition in the markets in which we operate. 
 In addition, there is a shortage of pilots that is expected to exacerbate over time as more pilots in the industry approach mandatory retirement age. Trained and qualified aircraft mechanics are also in short supply. Our service is dependent on recruiting and retaining qualified pilots and mechanics, either or both of which may be difficult due to the corresponding personnel shortages. We compete against airlines and other air mobility and transportation services for pilots and other skilled labor, some of which will offer wages or benefit packages exceeding ours. 
 The loss of any of the members of our senior management team or other highly skilled personnel, or our inability to hire, train, and retain qualified pilots and mechanics could harm our business and prevent us from implementing our growth plans. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by union activities. 
 Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the aerospace and airline industries for employees to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and an increased risk of work stoppages. As we expand our business our employees could join or form a labor union and we could be required to become a union signatory. We are also directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could delay the manufacture of our aircraft or disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Additional Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 The price of our common stock has been volatile and will likely continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors. The stock market in general, and the market for pre-revenue technology companies in particular, has had and may continue to have significant price and volume fluctuations. The market for our common stock may continue to be influenced by events or occurrences including: changes to the regulations that impact our business or adverse decisions by regulators; our ability to 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 develop the market we expect for UAM services, whether due to competition, market acceptance, performance, pricing or other factors; manufacturing and operational challenges; our failure to meet financial projections or manage our cash; actions by shareholders, including the sale of a large volume of shares or campaigns by activist investors or short-sellers; actions taken by our competitors; and public perception of our business and our industry as a whole. 
 These factors, along with the occurrence of any of the risk factors described in this Annual Report, many of which are not within our control, could cause the price of our common stock to decline materially, regardless of our operating performance. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future decision to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market and our competitors. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, provide more favorable recommendations about our competitors or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If few analysts cover us, or if analysts who cover us cease coverage or fail to publish regular reports, demand for our common stock could decrease and our common stock price and trading volume may decline. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, activist investors and short-selling campaigns, which are expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. Companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have, in the past, been subject to securities class action litigation, activist investor campaigns and short-selling. We may be the target of these types of activities in the future, any for which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Future resales of common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly. 
 Certain Joby stockholders are contractually restricted from selling or transferring shares of common stock (the Lock-up Shares for an agreed-upon period of time. For example, certain significant stockholders have agreed to a five-year lockup, with 20 of the Lock-up Shares being released on each anniversary of the closing of the Merger, subject to provisions that allow for early release of the initial 20 tranche if stock price targets are met prior to the first anniversary, and a complete release of the Lock-Up Shares if the Company undergoes a change of control (the Major Company Equityholders Lock-Up Agreement ). Under the Sponsor Agreement (the Sponsor Agreement ), by and among the Company, Reinvent Sponsor, LLC Sponsor and RTP, the Sponsor s Lock-up Shares are subject to the same releases agreed to in the Major Company Equityholders Lock-Up Agreement in addition to vesting conditions. Following the expiration of each lockup tranche, the applicable stockholders will no longer be restricted from selling shares of our common stock held by them, other than by applicable securities laws. As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. As of February 15, 2023, there were approximately 303,187,149 shares subject to the Major Company Equityholders Lock-Up Agreement. As restrictions on resale end, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or the market price of our common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Cruz, California, and consist of approximately 23,000 square feet. The lease for that office expires in March 2023. In November 2022, we purchased a facility in Santa Cruz, California, consisting of approximately 162,000 square feet and intend to move our corporate headquarters to this location by March 31, 2023. We operate primarily out of facilities located in the U.S., in Santa Cruz, San Carlos and Marina, California, Washington, D.C. and internationally in Munich and Stuttgart, Germany, Linz, Austria, San Jose, Costa Rica, and Shenzhen, China. All of our facilities, except for the newly-purchased corporate headquarters, are located on land that is leased from third parties or, in the case of certain of our Santa Cruz facilities, from entities partially or wholly owned by our CEO, JoeBen Bevirt. 
 The facilities that house our prototype production line in Marina, California span approximately 130,000 square feet and are leased from the City of Marina. We have also entered into a ground lease agreement with the City of Marina that can be extended for up to 50 years. 
 Our employee headcount has continued to grow meaningfully over the last 12 months, we believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. 
 Our testing facility in Santa Cruz, California is a retired rock quarry. While the nature of this facility is suitable for advanced R D and testing activities, this facility lacks compliance with applicable building codes, zoning codes and similar regulations and ordinances. We have submitted plans to the County of Santa Cruz for our planned Development and Testing Facilities on the site. In addition, we are transitioning much of the research work to our new facility in Santa Cruz. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to a variety of claims that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. While management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or statement of cash flows, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. If an unfavorable final outcome were to occur, it may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the period in which the effect becomes reasonably estimable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock and public warrants to purchase common stock are traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the symbols JOBY and "JOBY WS", respectively. 
 Holders 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were approximately 302 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented by these record holders. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors. Our ability to declare dividends may be limited by the terms of financing or other agreements entered into by us or our subsidiaries from time to time. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Joby Aviation, Inc. under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock to the Russell 2000 Index and in a peer group consisting of Archer Aviation Inc., Eve Holding, Inc., Joby Aviation, Inc., Lilium N.V., Vertical Aerospace Ltd. Peer Group ). The chart shows the annual change in value of 100 invested in each of our common stock, the index and the Peer Group on August 10, 2021, the date of our Merger with RTP, and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. Each of the companies in our Peer Group went public via merger with a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ). For Peer Group companies that completed their SPAC merger after August 10, 2021, the cumulative return for the Peer Group was weighted based on the market capitalization of each company based on the date of its SPAC merger. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 28, 2022, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. This discussion and analysis includes forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We have spent more than a decade designing and testing a piloted all-electric aircraft that can take off and land vertically, while cruising like a traditional airplane. The aircraft is quiet when taking off, near silent when flying overhead and is designed to transport a pilot and four passengers at speeds of up to 200 mph, with a maximum range of 150 miles on a single charge. The low noise enabled by the all-electric powertrain will allow the aircraft to operate around dense, urban areas while blending into the background noise of cities. With more than 1,000 successful test flights already completed, and as the first eVTOL aircraft developer to receive a signed, stage 4 G-1 certification basis, we believe we are well positioned to be the first eVTOL manufacturer to earn airworthiness certification from the Federal Aviation Administration FAA ). 
 We do not currently intend to sell these aircraft to third parties or individual consumers. Instead, we plan to manufacture, own and operate our aircraft, building a vertically integrated transportation company that will deliver transportation services to our customers, including the U.S. Air Force through contracted operations, and to individual end-users through a convenient app-based aerial ridesharing platform. Our goal is to begin initial service operations with the Department of Defense in 2024, followed by commercial passenger operations in 2025. We believe this business model will generate the greatest economic returns, while providing us with end-to-end control over the customer experience to optimize for customer safety, comfort and value. There may be circumstances in which it is either required (for example, due to operating restrictions on foreign ownership in other countries) or otherwise desirable to sell aircraft in the future. While we do not expect this would change our core focus on building a vertically integrated transportation company, we may choose to sell aircraft in circumstances where we believe there is a compelling business reason to do so. 
 Since our inception in 2009, we have been primarily engaged in research and development of eVTOL aircraft. We have incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in every year since our inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 734.7 million. We have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and the proceeds from the merger described below. 
 
 The Merger 
 We entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement on February 23, 2021, with Reinvent Technology Partners, a special purpose acquisition company RTP ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on August 10, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Joby Aero, Inc. Legacy Joby was merged with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of RTP (the Merger ). Legacy Joby survived as a wholly-owned subsidiary of RTP, which was renamed Joby Aviation, Inc. Joby Aviation ). 
 The Merger is accounted for as a reverse capitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, RTP is treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the financial statements of Joby Aviation represent a continuation of the financial statements of Legacy Joby, with the Merger being treated as the equivalent of Joby Aviation issuing stock for the net assets of RTP, accompanied by a recapitalization. Legacy Joby operations prior to the Merger are presented as those of Joby Aviation. The Merger, which raised 1,067.9 million, has significantly impacted our capital structure and operating results, supporting our product development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts. 
 
 As a result of becoming a reporting company with the SEC and NYSE-listed company, we have hired and will continue to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We expect to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 All shares and per share amounts of Legacy Joby for all presented periods have been retrospectively adjusted using the exchange ratio that was established in accordance with the Merger Agreement (the Exchange Ratio ). 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 See the section entitled Risk Factors for a further discussion of these considerations. 
 Development of the Urban Air Mobility UAM market 
 Our revenue will be directly tied to the continued development of short distance aerial transportation. While we believe the market for UAM will be large, it remains undeveloped and there is no guarantee of future demand. We are targeting initial service with the Department of Defense beginning in 2024, followed by commercial passenger operations in 2025, and our business will require significant investment leading up to launching these services, including, but not limited to, final engineering designs, prototyping and testing, manufacturing, software development, certification, pilot training, infrastructure and commercialization. 
 We believe one of the primary drivers for adoption of our aerial ridesharing service is the value proposition and time savings offered by aerial mobility relative to traditional ground-based transportation. Additional factors impacting the pace of adoption of our aerial ridesharing service may include but are not limited to: perceptions about eVTOL quality, safety, performance and cost; perceptions about the limited range over which eVTOL may be flown on a single battery charge; volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; availability of competing forms of transportation, such as ground, air taxi or ride-hailing services; the development of adequate infrastructure; consumers perception about the safety, convenience and cost of transportation using eVTOL relative to ground-based alternatives; and increases in fuel efficiency, autonomy, or electrification of cars. In addition, macroeconomic factors could impact demand for UAM services, particularly if end-user pricing is at a premium to ground-based transportation alternatives or more permanent work-from-home behaviors persist following the COVID pandemic. We anticipate initial operations with our U.S. government customers to be followed by operations in selected high-density metropolitan areas where traffic congestion is particularly acute and operating conditions are suitable for early eVTOL operations. If the market for UAM does not develop as expected, this would impact our ability to generate revenue or grow our business. 
 Competition 
 We believe that the primary sources of competition for our service are ground-based mobility solutions, other eVTOL developers/operators and local/regional incumbent aircraft charter services. While we expect to be first to market with an eVTOL facilitated aerial ridesharing service, we expect this industry to be dynamic and increasingly competitive; and our competitors could get to market before us, either generally or in specific markets. Even if we are first to market, we may not receive any competitive advantage or may be overtaken by other competitors. If new or existing aerospace companies launch competing solutions in the markets in which we intend to operate or obtain large-scale capital investment, we may face increased competition. Additionally, our competitors may benefit from our efforts in developing consumer and community acceptance for eVTOL aircraft and aerial ridesharing, making it easier for them to obtain the permits and authorizations required to operate an aerial ridesharing service in the markets in which we intend to launch or in other markets. If we do not capture the first mover advantage that we anticipate, it may harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. For a more comprehensive discussion, please see the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 Government Certification 
 We agreed to a signed, stage 4 G-1 certification basis for our aircraft with the FAA in 2020. This agreement lays out the specific requirements that need to be met by our aircraft for it to be certified for commercial operations. Reaching this milestone marks a key step on the way towards certifying any new aircraft in the U.S. Our aircraft was originally intended to be certified in line with the FAA s existing Part 23 requirements for Normal Category Airplanes, with special conditions introduced to address requirements specific to our unique aircraft. In May 2022, the FAA indicated that they were revisiting the decision to certify all eVTOLs under Part 23 and would, instead, require certification under the powered lift classification. Based on the FAA s revised certification requirements, we re-signed an updated stage 4 "G-1" certification basis in July 2022, and it was published in the federal register in November 2022. 
 In 2022, we received our Part 135 operating certificate, which is required for us to operate an on-demand air service. While that currently allows us to operate the service with conventional aircraft, the FAA will need to publish operational regulations related to eVTOLs before we add our aircraft to our Part 135 operating certificate. The FAA recently indicated that they do not expect the relevant operational regulations, or Special Federal Aviation Regulations SFARs ), for eVTOL aircraft to be finalized until late 2024. If the publication of the SFARs is further delayed, if the FAA requires 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 further modifications to our existing G-1 certification basis, or if there are other regulatory changes or revisions, this could delay our ability to obtain type certification, and could delay our ability to launch our commercial passenger service. 
 In addition to certifying our aircraft, we will also need to obtain authorizations and certifications related to the production of our aircraft and the deployment of our aerial ridesharing service. While we anticipate being able to meet the requirements of such authorizations and certifications, we may be unable to obtain such authorizations and certifications, or to do so on the timeline we project. If we fail to obtain any of the required authorizations or certifications, or do so in a timely manner, or if any of these authorizations or certifications are modified, suspended or revoked after we obtain them, we may be unable to launch our commercial service or do so on the timelines we project, which would have adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 Agility Prime 
 In December 2020, we became, to the best of our knowledge, the first company to receive airworthiness approval for an eVTOL aircraft from the U.S. Air Force, and in the first quarter of 2021, we officially began on-base operations under contract pursuant to the U.S. Air Force s Agility Prime program. Our multi-year relationship with the Department of Defense and other U.S. government agencies provides us with a compelling opportunity to more thoroughly understand the operational capabilities and maintenance profiles of our aircraft in advance of commercial launch. In addition to the operational learnings and advanced research support, our contracts, which we expanded in July 2022, have a potential value of more than 75 million through 2025. We are actively pursuing additional contracts and relationships that would further secure these on-base operations going forward. Our U.S. government contracting party may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts with us without prior notice, either at its convenience or for default based on performance, or may decline to accept performance or exercise subsequent option years. We may also be unable to secure additional contracts or continue to grow our relationship with the U.S. government and/or Department of Defense. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 The impact of COVID-19, including changes in consumer and business behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created significant volatility in the global economy and led to reduced economic activity. The spread of COVID-19, as well as the emergence of variants, has also created disruptions in the manufacturing, delivery and overall supply chain for manufacturers and suppliers, and has led to a decrease in the need for transportation services around the world. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have modified our business practices and implemented additional safety protocols for our on-site employees and contractors, which we periodically update in an effort to respond to the latest public health guidance and to reduce the risk of exposure to COVID-19 or other seasonal illnesses. Although many governmental and other restrictions have been relaxed or eliminated, the emergence of additional variants may cause us to take further actions, or modify our current COVID-19 related business practices, as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and business partners. While the ultimate duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be accurately predicted, it has already had an adverse effect on the global economy, and the ultimate societal and economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the ultimate impact on our business, remains unknown. 
 Fully-Integrated Business Model 
 Our business model is to serve as a fully-integrated eVTOL transportation service provider. Present projections indicate that payback periods on aircraft will result in a viable business model over the long-term as production volumes scale and unit economics improve to support sufficient market adoption. As with any new industry and business model, numerous risks and uncertainties exist. Our projections are dependent on certifying and delivering aircraft on time and at a cost that will allow us to offer our service at prices that a sufficient number of customers will be willing to pay for the time and efficiency savings they receive from utilizing our eVTOL services. Our aircraft include parts and manufacturing processes unique to eVTOL aircraft, in general, and our product design, in particular. We have used our best efforts to estimate costs in our planning projections; however, the variable cost associated with assembling our aircraft at scale remains uncertain at this stage of development. Our fully-integrated business model also relies, in part, on developing and certifying component parts rather than sourcing already certified parts from third-party suppliers. While we believe this model will ultimately result in a more performant aircraft and better operating economics, the increased time and effort required to develop and certify these components may result in delays compared to alternative approaches. Our fully-integrated approach is also dependent on recruiting, developing and retaining the right talent at the right time to support engineering, certification, manufacturing, and go-to-market operations. As we progress with software development and verification we will have an 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 increasing need to accelerate hiring. While we have taken steps to bring onboard additional resources in these areas, including the acquisition of Avionyx in May 2022, hiring in these areas has progressed slower than initially expected. If we are unable to add sufficient headcount it could impact our ability to meet our expected timelines for certification and entry into service. 
 The success of our business also is dependent, in part, on the utilization rate of our aircraft, which is the amount of time our aircraft spend in the air carrying passengers. We intend to maintain a high daily aircraft utilization rate, and reductions in utilization will adversely impact our financial performance. High daily aircraft utilization is achieved in part by reducing turnaround times at skyports. Aircraft utilization is reduced by delays and cancellations from various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, security requirements, air traffic congestion and unscheduled maintenance events. Our aircraft may not be able to fly in poor weather conditions, including snowstorms, thunderstorms, high winds, lightning, hail, known icing conditions and/or fog. Our inability to operate in these conditions will reduce our aircraft utilization and cause delays and disruptions in our services. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation, costs of consulting, equipment and materials, depreciation and amortization and allocations of overhead, including rent, information technology costs and utilities. Research and development expenses are partially offset by payments we received in the form of government grants, including those received under the Agility Prime program. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we increase staffing to support aircraft engineering and software development, build aircraft prototypes, and continue to explore and develop next generation aircraft and technologies. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation, related to executive management, finance, legal, and human resource functions. Other costs include business development, contractor and professional services fees, audit and compliance expenses, insurance costs and general corporate expenses, including allocated depreciation, rent, information technology costs and utilities. 
 We expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to increase as we hire additional personnel and consultants to support our commercialization efforts and comply with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX and other SEC rules and regulations. 
 Investment in SummerBio, LLC 
 Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, our management determined that certain previously developed technology that was accessible to us could be repurposed and applied to providing high-volume, rapid COVID-19 diagnostic testing through its investment in SummerBio,LLC SummerBio ), a related party. The company accounts for its investment in SummerBio under the equity method of accounting with an ownership interest of approximately 44.5 and 43.4 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 In June 2022, SummerBio notified us of its decision to wind down testing operations and close the business, which SummerBio substantially executed by the end of December 2022. As a result, we recorded an impairment loss on our investment of 6.4 million which is included within the income from equity method investment line on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 The Company recognized income of 19.5 million (net of impairment loss) and 29.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Gain from changes in fair value of Warrants and Earnout Shares Liabilities 
 Publicly-traded warrants Public Warrants ), private placement warrants issued to Sponsor Private Warrants ), warrants issued to Delta Air Lines, Inc. Delta Warrants and Earnout Shares are recorded as liabilities and subject to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date. We expect to incur an incremental income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations for the fair value adjustments for these outstanding liabilities at the end of each reporting period. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 2021 Acquisitions 
 On January 11, 2021, we entered into certain agreements with Uber Technologies, Inc. Uber ), under which we acquired Uber Elevate, Inc. Uber Elevate ), a portion of Uber s business dedicated to development of aerial ridesharing. In connection with the acquisition, the Company issued Uber a Convertible Promissory Note Uber CPN and entered into a collaboration agreement (the Uber Agreement ). 
 The purchase price allocation for Uber Elevate is as follows (in thousands): 
 Automation platform software technology 7,200 Multimodal software technology 4,900 Simulation software technology 4,600 Total acquired finite-lived intangible assets 16,700 Goodwill 10,757 Property and equipment 630 Deferred tax asset 6,129 Total purchase consideration 34,216 
 On April 6, 2021, we completed the acquisition of an entity engaged in the development of transportation technology with application in the aviation sector, whereby we acquired all the outstanding shares of the entity in exchange for a purchase consideration of 5.0 million in cash. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition because substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was represented by a group of similar assets. The purchase consideration was allocated to 5.0 million of the acquired in-process research and development IPR D assets, 0.1 million of the acquired current liabilities and 0.1 million of acquired current assets. 
 In relation to the acquisition, we issued 2,677,200 restricted shares of Legacy Joby Series C Preferred Stock with the aggregate acquisition date value of 23.9 million. The Series C Preferred Stock was converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy Joby common stock on a one-to-one basis immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, and then into the restricted shares of the Company s common stock at the time of the Merger. The restricted shares vest contingent upon each employee s continued employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, and are recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the restricted shares vesting terms. 
 On December 21, 2021, we completed the acquisition of an entity engaged in the development of radar systems technology with application in the aviation and other sectors, whereby we acquired all the outstanding shares of the entity in exchange for a total consideration consisting of (i) 2.8 million in cash, and (ii) 340,000 restricted stock units representing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of the Company s common stock upon vesting ("RSUs") with the aggregate acquisition date value of 2.4 million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. The purchase consideration of 2.8 million was allocated to 1.7 million of the acquired intangible assets, primarily developed technology, 1.2 million of the acquired current assets, primarily cash and account receivables, and 0.1 million of the acquired current liabilities. 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 On March 9, 2022, we completed the acquisition of an aerospace composite manufacturing company, whereby we acquired all the purchased assets and assumed selected liabilities in exchange for a total consideration consisting of (i) 1.5 million in cash, and (ii) RSUs with the aggregate acquisition date value of 0.1 million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. The purchase consideration of 1.5 million was allocated to the following: a 1.1 million in favorable lease assets, 0.4 million of acquired machinery and equipment, 0.1 million of acquired current assets, and 0.1 million of acquired current liabilities. 
 On May 17, 2022, we completed the acquisition of an aerospace software engineering company that specializes in full-lifecycle software and firmware development and verification to aviation regulatory standards, in exchange for total cash consideration of 7.2 million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. Part of the cash consideration in an amount of 2.2 million was temporarily retained by us to satisfy our post-closing indemnification claims, if any, against the seller. This retained amount is payable to the seller, net of indemnification claims, at the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, this retained amount of 2.2 million is presented as restricted cash on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, with a related corresponding amount in accrued and other liabilities, reflecting obligations to the seller. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In relation to the acquisition, we issued 790,529 RSUs with an aggregate acquisition date value of approximately 4.5 million. We also paid 0.5 million to the employees of the acquired company, and settled accounts payable to the acquired company of 0.2 million. The RSUs vest contingent upon each employee s continued employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, and are recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the RSUs vesting terms, commencing on the acquisition date. 
 The purchase consideration of 7.2 million was, preliminary, allocated to 3.3 million of goodwill, primarily resulting from the combined workforce and expected increased regulatory efficiencies, 2.5 million of total intangible assets comprising of 2.4 million of acquired customer relationships intangible asset and 0.1 million of acquired developed technology intangible asset, 1.5 million of acquired current assets, primarily cash and accounts receivable, 0.3 million of acquired fixed assets, and 0.4 million of acquired current liabilities. Amounts recognized as of the acquisition date are provisional and subject to change within the measurement period as the Company s fair value assessments are finalized. In September 2022, the company made certain measurement period adjustments, which included a working capital adjustment with the seller in accordance with the agreement terms, resulting in an increase to the purchase consideration of 0.1 million which was paid during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 On November 30, 2022, the Company completed the purchase of certain real property, improvements and other assets Property from Frederick Electronics Corporation, a Maryland corporation and Plantronics, Inc., a Delaware corporation Sellers for a cash purchase price of 25.5 million. The Property consists of approximately 162,000 square feet across five buildings located at 333 Encinal Street, Santa Cruz, California and will be used as the Company s corporate headquarters. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was represented by a group of similar assets. The purchase consideration was allocated to 6.3 million of land, 17.7 million of buildings and site improvements and 1.5 million of equipment, fixtures and furniture. 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of the interest on our convertible notes, equipment finance leases and tenant improvement loans. Interest on convertible notes relates to Legacy Joby Series C redeemable convertible preferred notes issued to Uber in January 2021. Upon closing of the Merger, the unpaid principal amount of 75.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of 2.2 million was converted into 7,716,780 shares of common stock of Joby Aviation. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes consists of an estimate of federal, state, and foreign income taxes based on enacted federal, state, and foreign tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax law. Due to the level of historical losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as it has been concluded it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes our historical results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentage): 
 December 31, Change 2022 2021 ) ) Operating expenses Research and development 296,281 197,568 98,713 50 Selling, general and administrative 95,922 61,521 34,401 56 Total operating expenses 392,203 259,089 133,114 51 Loss from operations (392,203) (259,089) (133,114) 51 Interest and other income, net 16,905 1,148 15,757 n.m. Interest expense (118) (2,426) 2,308 (95) Income from equity method investment 19,463 29,405 (9,942) (34) Transaction expenses related to merger (9,087) 9,087 (100) Gain from change in fair value of warrants and earnout shares 98,002 49,853 48,149 97 Convertible notes extinguishment loss (665) 665 (100) Total other income, net 134,252 68,228 66,024 97 Loss before income taxes (257,951) (190,861) (67,090) 35 Income tax expense (benefit) 92 (10,537) 10,629 (101) Net loss (258,043) (180,324) (77,719) 43 
 n.m. marks changes that are not meaningful. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by 98.7 million, or 50 , to 296.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 197.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in personnel to support aircraft engineering, software development, manufacturing process development, and certification, as well as increased quantity of materials used in prototype development and testing. These costs were partially offset by government research and development grants earned through operations as part of our Department of Defense contracts. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 34.4 million, or 56 , to 95.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 61.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increased headcount to support operations growth, including IT, legal, facilities, HR, and finance, as well as an increase in insurance cost and professional services cost related to legal, accounting and recruiting support. 
 Total Other Income, Net 
 Total other income, net increased by 66.0 million, or 97 , to 134.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 68.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 48.1 million increase in gain from changes in fair value of warrants and earnout shares, a 15.8 million increase in interest and other income due to increased interest rates on higher invested funds and nonrecurring transaction expenses of 9.1 million related to the Merger incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by a 9.9 million decrease in income from equity method investment due to winding down of SummerBio s business operations. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax benefit of 10.5 million, recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the release of deferred tax asset valuation allowance, as the deferred tax liability related to the Uber contractual agreement asset provided the Company with a source of future taxable income 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We have incurred net losses and negative operating cash flows from operations since inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future until we successfully commence sustainable commercial operations. To date, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the Merger and issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. From inception through December 31, 2022, we raised net proceeds of 1,067.9 million from the Merger, 843.3 million from the issuances of Legacy Joby s redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible notes and 60.0 million from issuance of shares and warrants to Delta Air Lines, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 150.1 million and short-term investment in marketable securities of 910.7 million. Restricted cash, totaling 4.0 million, reflects cash temporarily retained by us to satisfy our post-closing indemnification claims, if any, against the seller, in connection with the acquisition of aerospace software engineering company in May 2022, security deposit on leased facilities and a letter of credit for a new vendor. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will satisfy our working capital and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 Long-Term Liquidity Requirements 
 We expect our cash and cash equivalents on hand together with the cash we expect to generate from future operations will provide sufficient funding to support us through our initial service operations in 2024. Until we generate sufficient operating cash flow to fully cover our operating expenses, working capital needs and planned capital expenditures, or if circumstances evolve differently than anticipated, we expect to utilize a combination of equity and debt financing to fund any future remaining capital needs. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to stockholders may result. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of holders of common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of preferred and common stockholders. The terms of debt securities or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on our operations. The capital markets have in the past, and may in the future, experience periods of upheaval that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. 
 Our principal uses of cash in recent periods were to fund our research and development activities, personnel cost and support services. Near-term cash requirements will also include spending on manufacturing facilities, ramping up production and supporting production certification, scaled manufacturing operations for commercialization, infrastructure and skyport development, pilot training facilities, software development and production of aircraft. We do not have material cash requirements related to current contractual obligations. As such, our cash requirements are highly dependent upon management s decisions about the pace and focus of both our short and long-term spending. 
 Cash requirements can fluctuate based on business decisions that could accelerate or defer spending, including the timing or pace of investments, infrastructure and production of aircraft. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, the timing and the amount of cash received from our customers, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts. In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, and technologies, which could require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. If we require additional financing we may not be able to raise such financing on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to continue our research and development and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available, we may need to reconsider our investments in production operations, the pace of our production ramp-up, infrastructure investments in skyports, expansion plans or limit our research and development activities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following tables set forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentage): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 0 2021 ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (235,925) (195,749) (40,176) 21 Investing activities (630,789) (18,736) (612,053) n.m. Financing activities 60,456 1,092,780 (1,032,324) (94) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (806,258) 878,295 (1,684,553) (192) 
 n.m. marks changes that are not meaningful 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 235.9 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 258.0 million, adjusted for non-cash items and statement of operations impact from investing and financing activities which includes 69.1 million in stock-based compensation expense, 24.0 million in depreciation and amortization expense and a net decrease in our net working capital of 51.8 million, primarily related to distributions from equity investment in Summerbio, partially offset by a 98.0 million gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares, 19.5 million in income from equity method investment and a 5.2 million net accretion and amortization of our investments in marketable securities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 195.7 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 180.3 million, adjusted for non-cash items and statement of operations impact from investing and financing activities which includes 26.9 million in stock-based compensation expense, 15.9 million in depreciation and amortization expense, 9.1 million for allocated merger transaction costs, a 5.0 million write-off of acquired in-process research and development assets, 5.0 million in other noncash compensation expense, 4.3 million net accretion and amortization of our investments in marketable securities, 2.9 million in non-cash interest expense and amortization of debt costs and a net decrease in our net working capital of 5.1 million, reflecting primarily increased prepaid expenses for D O insurance, partially offset by a 49.9 million gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares, 29.4 million in income from equity method investment and a 10.5 million income tax benefit. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 630.8 million was primarily due to purchases of marketable securities of 1,359.0 million, purchases of property and equipment of 54.9 million and acquisition of assets of 5.7 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities of 788.8 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 18.7 million was primarily due to purchases of marketable securities of 401.6 million, purchases of property and equipment of 32.3 million and acquisition of assets of 6.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities of 422.1 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 60.5 million was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants of 60.1 million and 1.4 million from exercise of stock options, partially offset by repayments for capital lease obligations and tenant improvement loan of 1.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 1,092.8 million was primarily due to proceeds from the Merger of 1,067.9 million and issuance of a convertible note to Uber for a net amount of 75.0 million, 1.5 million from exercise of stock options and stock purchase rights and issuance common stock warrants, partially offset by payments for deferred offering costs of 50.4 million and repayments of tenant improvement loan and capital lease obligation of 1.2 million. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies and estimates to be critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure and record the expense related to stock-based payment awards based on the fair value of those awards as determined on the date of grant. When the observable market price or volatility we use to determine grant date fair value does not reflect certain material non-public information known to the Company but unavailable to marketplace participants at the time the market price is observed, we determine whether an adjustment to the observable market price is required. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the individual grant, generally equal to the vesting period and use the straight-line method to recognize stock-based compensation, and account for forfeitures as they occur. Some of our awards contains service-based vesting condition as well as performance-based vesting condition. We consider the probability of achieving of each of the performance goals at the end of each reporting period and recognize expense over the requisite period when achievement of the goal is determined to be probable, and adjust the expense if the probability of achieving the goal later changes. Our performance based awards issued under annual Bonus Plan are classified as a liability until such time that the respective milestones have been met, at which point the liability is reclassified to equity. If it is determined that the milestone cannot be met, the liability is reversed. 
 We selected the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the method for determining the estimated fair value for stock options and awards under our ESPP program. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, which determine the fair value of share-based awards, including the option s expected term, expected volatility of the underlying stock, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. 
 Expected volatility - We estimate the expected volatility of our common stock on the date of grant based on the historical stock price volatility of our own common shares within the same length of period as the expected term. Where, in some cases, our common share trading history is shorter than the expected term and prior to the Merger, since we were not a publicly traded company, we estimated the expected volatility for our stock options by using an average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Risk-free interest rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected dividend yield - The expected dividend rate is zero as we currently have no history or expectation of declaring dividends on our common stock. 
 Expected term - The expected term represents the period these stock awards are expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Accounting for Long-Lived Assets 
 In accounting for long-lived assets, we make estimates about the expected useful lives, projected residual values, and the potential for impairment. In estimating useful lives and residual values of our property and equipment, we have relied upon actual industry experience with the same or similar property and equipment types and our anticipated utilization of the property and equipment. Changing market prices of new and used property and equipment, government regulations, and changes in our maintenance program or operations could result in changes to these estimates. 
 Our long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. Indicators include operating or cash flow losses, significant decreases in market value, or changes in technology. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 To determine if impairment exists for our property and equipment used in operations, we group our property and equipment by type (the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and then estimate their future cash flows based on projections of capacity, asset age, maintenance requirements, and other relevant conditions. An impairment occurs when the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the aggregate carrying value of the assets. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the assets' carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. We estimate our property and equipment's fair value using third party valuations which consider the effects of the current market environment, age of the assets, and marketability. 
 We have not identified any events and circumstances that would indicate that our long-lived assets may be impaired. Accordingly, we have not recorded any impairment charge our existing property and equipment during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Accounting for Leases 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception. We analyze our contractual arrangements to evaluate whether they have any embedded leases. The asset component of our operating leases is recorded as right-of-use assets, and the liability component is recorded as current lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Due to significant volume of contractual arrangements we enter, we may not be able to identify all embedded leases arrangements, understating our right-of-use assets and liabilities. 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use incremental borrowing rate IBR to calculate present value of future minimum lease payments, which is the estimated rate we would be required to pay for fully collateralized borrowing over the period similar to lease terms. Determining IBR requires us to estimate our credit rating for secured borrowing and to identify appropriate interest rates for comparable companies with similar credit rating. If we are not able to correctly estimate IBR, our right-of-use assets and liabilities may be incorrect. 
 Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Determining that options are reasonably certain to be exercised requires us to make certain assumptions about our future operations and space and assets requirements. Incorrect assumptions may result in our least term being incorrect, impacting our right-of-use assets and liabilities. 
 Assumptions made by us at the commencement date are re-evaluated upon occurrence of certain events, including a lease modification. A lease modification results in a separate contract when the modification grants the lessee an additional right of use not included in the original lease and when lease payments increase commensurate with the standalone price for the additional right of use. When a lease modification results in a separate contract, it is accounted for in the same manner as a new lease. If we are not able to re-evaluate lease changes and modifications appropriately, our right-of-use assets and liabilities may be incorrect. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on From 10-K for more information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates applicable to our short-term investments. We had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments in short-term marketable securities totaling 1,060.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Cash equivalents and short-term investments were invested primarily in money market funds, U.S. treasury bills and government and corporate bonds. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity needs. Under the policy, we invest in highly rated securities, issued by the U.S. government and corporations or liquid money market funds. We do not invest in financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, nor do we use leveraged financial instruments. We utilize external investment managers who adhere to the guidelines of their investment policies. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not have a material impact on the value of our cash, cash equivalents or short-term investments or our interest income. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are not exposed to significant foreign currency risks related to our operating expenses as our foreign operations are not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 JOBY AVIATION, INC. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Joby Aviation, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2022, expressed an adverse opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of a material weakness. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Delta Warrant Refer to Notes 2 and 11 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In October of 2022, the Company entered into a series of agreements with Delta Air Lines Delta ), including an agreement for the issuance of a warrant for the purchase of up to 12.8 million shares of the Company s common stock (the Delta Warrant ). The Company recognized the issuance of the Delta Warrant as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet with changes in the fair value of the liability at each reporting date being recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 We identified management s accounting evaluation and conclusion that the Delta Warrant should be accounted for as a liability subject to periodic remeasurement to fair value as a critical audit matter due to the complex judgments required by management to determine the appropriate accounting for the Delta Warrant. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of professionals in our firm having expertise in debt and equity transactions and freestanding financial instruments when performing audit procedures to evaluate the accounting conclusion. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to evaluating managements determination of the appropriate accounting for the Delta Warrant included the following, among others: 
 With the assistance of professionals in our firm having expertise in debt and equity transactions and freestanding financial instruments, we evaluated the management s accounting considerations and conclusions under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), regarding the accounting for the Delta Warrant. 
 We evaluated whether the assertions and assumptions made by management supporting their conclusions regarding the accounting for the Delta Warrant were consistent with the underlying warrant agreement and the evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 We evaluated the disclosures related to the accounting for the Delta Warrant for conformity with the relevant requirements under GAAP. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Joby Aviation, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Material Weakness 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment: 
 Sufficiency of technical accounting resources The Company lacks sufficient accounting resources with deep technical knowledge to identify and timely resolve complex accounting issues under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company, and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments Restricted cash Other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Restricted cash Equity method investment Intangible assets Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities, current portion Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Stock repurchase liability Warrant liability Earnout shares liability Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock: par value - shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021. shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Common stock: par value - shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating expenses: Research and development (including related party purchases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively) 
 Selling, general and administrative (including related party purchases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively) 
 Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Interest expense ) ) ) Income from equity method investment Transaction expenses related to merger ) Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary Gain from change in fair value of warrants and earnout shares Convertible note extinguishment loss ) Total other income, net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Gain (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock upon exercise of SVB warrants Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock upon exercise of In-Q-Tel warrants Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Uber convertible notes Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock into common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization ) ) Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of issuance costs Other noncash compensation Cancelation of common shares upon reorganization, net ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock in private placement Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Reconciliation of net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Non-cash interest expense and amortization of debt costs Stock-based compensation expense Other non-cash compensation expense Gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares ) ) Loss from transaction costs related to merger Write-off of in-process research and development project Income from equity method investment ) ) ) Net accretion and amortization of investments in marketable debt securities ) Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Other receivables and prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities Non-current liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from merger Payments for offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes and convertible preferred stock, net Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Repayments of tenant improvement loan and obligations under finance and capital leases ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning of the year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end of the year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in consolidated balance sheets Non-cash investing and financing activities Unpaid property and equipment purchases Property and equipment purchased through finance and capital leases Right-of-use assets acquired through operating leases Uber Elevate acquisition in exchange for Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of Uber note payable to Series C preferred stock Conversion of preferred stock Net non-cash assets acquired in merger Deconsolidation of net liabilities of fully owned subsidiary due to loss of control 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 JOBY AVIATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 million in gross proceeds from additional issuances of Legacy Joby Series C Preferred Stock. In January 2021, the Company received million in gross proceeds from the issuance of a convertible promissory note. In August 2021, the Company raised approximately billion in net proceeds from the Reverse Recapitalization (Note 3). In October 2022, the Company received million from the issuance of stock and warrant (Note 11). Failure to raise additional funding or generate sufficient positive cash flows from operations in the longer term could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to achieve its intended business objectives. 
 The Company operates in a dynamic high-technology industry. The Company is subject to a number of risks, including the possibility of the Urban Air Mobility UAM )market not achieving its expected potential; the Company s ability to secure adequate infrastructure; the possibility that its aircraft may not meet the required safety and performance standards; the Company s ability to obtain relevant regulatory approvals for the manufacture of its aircraft and the commercialization of its service; the ability of the U.S. government to modify or terminate existing contracts; and the Company s ability to raise future capital when needed. 
 The Company's foreign operations are subject to risks inherent in operating under different legal systems and various political and economic environments. Among the risks are changes in existing income tax and other laws, possible limitations on foreign investment and income repatriation, government pricing or foreign exchange controls, and restrictions on currency exchange. 
 In March, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic and recommended containment measures worldwide. To comply with the recommended containment measures and protect its employees, the Company implemented alternative work arrangements for its employees and limited its employees travel activities. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 

common shares held by it Earnout Shares ). The terms of the Sponsor Agreement specify that the Earnout Shares will vest upon achieving certain specified Release Events, as further described in Note 11. In accordance with ASC 815-40, the Earnout Shares are not indexed to the Common Stock and therefore are accounted for as a liability Earnout Shares Liability as of the Closing Date and subsequently remeasured at each reporting date with changes in fair value recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The estimated fair value of the Earnout Shares Liability was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earnout Period (as defined in Note 11) prioritizing the most reliable information available. The assumptions utilized in the calculation are based on the achievement of certain stock 
 54 

Table of Contents 

operating segment because its CODM, who is its Chief Executive Officer, reviews Company s financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making decisions regarding allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company has no segment managers who are held accountable by the CODM for operations, operating results, and planning of components below the consolidated level. 

and of the Company s other receivables, respectively. At December 31, 2021, of other receivables was owed to the Company by Uber related to cash withheld by Uber for vesting of shares to employees acquired in Uber Elevate acquisition (see Note 5). The Company provides for uncollectible amounts on an expected credit loss basis by recording an allowance for doubtful receivables based on historical information, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, restricted cash primarily related to (i) approximately million of cash temporarily retained by the Company to satisfy the Company s post-closing indemnification claims, if any, against the seller, in connection with the acquisition of aerospace software engineering company in May 2022 (Note 5), (ii) a collateral on a letter of credit associated with key equipment purchases of approximately million, and (iii) a security deposit for a lease obligation of approximately million. At December 31, 2021, restricted cash primarily related to a security deposit for a lease obligation of approximately million. 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 In August 2020, the Company deconsolidated SummerBio and recognized the resulting gain on deconsolidation of million, which is included in other income on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In June 2022, SummerBio notified the Company of its decision to wind down testing operations and close the business, which SummerBio substantially executed by the end of December 2022. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 million which is included within the income from equity method investment line on the consolidated statement of operations and on the consolidated statement of cash flow. 
 million (net of impairment loss), million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, within income from equity method investment on the consolidated statement of operations for its investment in SummerBio. 
 
 to . Leasehold improvements and equipment finances under capital leases are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the lease. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 to . The Company s estimates of useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted remaining useful life until technological obsolescence of software. 
 
 . The Company expects to begin generating incremental cash flows under the contractual agreement asset in 2025. 
 
 The Company did record any impairment of long-lived assets in 2022 and 2021. 
 of the fair value of the asset, (b) the lease term is greater than or equal to of the economic life of the asset, (c) the lease arrangement contains a bargain purchase option, or (d) title to the property transfers to the Company at the end of the lease. The Company records an asset and liability for capital leases at present value of the minimum lease payments based on the incremental borrowing rate. Assets are depreciated over the useful life in accordance with the Company s depreciation policy while rental payments and interest on the liability are accounted for using the effective interest method. 
 Leases that are not classified as capital leases are accounted for as operating leases. Operating lease agreements that have tenant improvement allowances are evaluated for lease incentives. For leases that contain escalating rent payments, the Company recognizes rent expense on the straight-line basis over the lease term, with any lease incentives amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the lease term. 
 Upon adoption of ASC 842, as described below under Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements, the Company determined if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception. Leases with a term greater than 12 months are recognized on the balance sheet as Right-of-Use ROU assets and current and long-term operating lease liabilities, as applicable. The Company has elected not to recognize on the balance sheet leases with terms of 12 months or less. The Company typically includes in its assessment of a lease arrangement an initial lease term and Company s options to renew the lease when there is reasonable certainty that the Company will renew. The Company monitors its plan to renew its leases no less than on a quarterly basis. In addition, the Company s lease agreements generally do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 
 In accordance with ASC 842, the ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate IBR ), which is the estimated rate the Company would be required to pay for fully collateralized borrowing over the period similar to lease terms, to determine the present value of future minimum lease payments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of ASC 842, the Company does not combine lease and non-lease components. Variable lease payments are expenses as incurred. 
 Assumptions made by the Company at the commencement date are re-evaluated upon occurrence of certain events, including a lease modification. A lease modification results in a separate contract when the modification grants the lessee an additional right of use not included in the original lease and when lease payments increase commensurate with the standalone price for the additional right of use. When a lease modification results in a separate contract, it is accounted for in the same manner as a new lease. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively, included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

60 

Table of Contents 

 million, lease liabilities of million and derecognized deferred rent of million as of January 1, 2022. There were no material impact to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated statements of changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholder s equity (deficit) or consolidated statements of cash flows. The additional disclosures required by the new leasing standard have been included in Note 8, Leases. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments to require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The standard also amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASC 326 was subsequently amended by ASU 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments . The Company adopted the standard and related amendments effective January 1, 2022 on a modified retrospective basis. The adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , that simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating certain exceptions related to the approach for intra-period tax allocation and modified the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period. It also clarifies and simplifies other aspects of the accounting for income taxes. The guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the standard in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01, Investments - Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Clarifying the Interactions Between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815 - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force , which makes improvements related to the following two topics: (1) accounting for certain equity securities when the equity method of accounting is applied or discontinued, and (2) scope considerations related to forward contracts and purchased options on certain securities. The Company adopted this pronouncement in the first quarter of 2022 and the impact of the provisions of this standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements was immaterial. 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (ASC 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (ASC 815-40) . which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity s own equity. The guidance also addresses how convertible instruments are accounted for in the diluted earnings per share calculation and requires enhanced disclosures about the terms of convertible instruments and contracts in an entity s own equity. The guidance in ASU 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 shares of Common Stock PIPE Shares ), for a purchase price of per share, in a private placement PIPE Financing ). The PIPE Financing closed substantially concurrently with the consummation of the Merger. 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, on February 23, 2021, RTP, Sponsor and Legacy Joby entered into the Sponsor Agreement pursuant to which shares of the Company Earnout Shares became subject to vesting with of the Earnout Shares vesting in equal tranches when the volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock is greater than , , , and for any trading days within a period of trading days (the Vesting Events ). After years following the consummation of the Merger, any Earnout Shares which have not yet vested are forfeited. 
 Pursuant to ASC 805, for financial accounting and reporting purposes, Legacy Joby was deemed the accounting acquirer with RTP being treated as the accounting acquiree, and the Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization (the Reverse Recapitalization ). Accordingly, the financial statements of the Company represent a continuation of the financial statements of Legacy Joby, with the Merger being treated as the equivalent of the Legacy Joby issuing stock for the net assets of RTP, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of RTP were stated at historical costs, with goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, and were consolidated with Legacy Joby s financial statements on the Closing Date. Operations prior to the Closing Date are presented solely as those of Legacy Joby. The number of Legacy Joby common shares and redeemable convertible preferred shares for all periods prior to the Closing Date have been retrospectively increased using the exchange ratio that was established in accordance with the Merger Agreement (the Exchange Ratio ). 
 Upon the consummation of the Merger, the Company gave effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock for the previously issued RTP common stock and PIPE Shares that were outstanding at the Closing Date. The Company raised million of proceeds including the contribution of million of cash held in RTP's trust account from its initial public offering, net of redemptions of RTP public stockholders of million and reimbursements for RTP s expenses of million, and million of cash in connection with the PIPE Financing. The Company incurred million of transaction costs, consisting of banking, legal, and other professional fees, of which million was related to common stock issued during the Merger and was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. The remaining million was related to Earnout Shares and was expensed immediately upon consummation of the Merger as transaction expenses related to the Merger in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Cash equivalents Term deposits Asset backed securities Government debt securities Corporate debt securities Available-for-sale investments Total fair value of assets Liabilities measured at fair value Common stock warrant liabilities (Public) Common stock warrant liabilities (Private) Common stock warrant liabilities (Delta) Warrant liability Earnout Shares Liability Total fair value of liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets measured at fair value Money market funds Cash equivalents Term deposits Asset backed securities Government debt securities Corporate debt securities Available-for-sale investments Total fair value of assets Liabilities measured at fair value Common stock warrant liabilities (Public) Common stock warrant liabilities (Private) Warrant liability Earnout Shares Liability Total fair value of liabilities 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Asset backed securities ) Government debt securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total ) 
 December 31, 2021 Cost or Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Term deposits Asset backed securities ) Government debt securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total ) 
 The weighted-average remaining maturity of the Company s substantial investment portfolio was less than one year as of the periods presented. individual security incurred continuous significant unrealized losses for greater than 12 months. There were transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 financial instruments in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did have any Level 3 financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Initial fair value of Warrant Liability (Delta) Change in fair value ) ) Fair value as of December 31 2022 

Note 5. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 shares at per share fair value) 
 Less: premium on Uber CPN ) Total consideration Consideration allocated to contractual agreements asset and related deferred tax liability ) Consideration allocated to Uber Elevate 
 Uber Elevate 
 Uber Elevate was a business incubated within Uber, which had developed multiple proprietary software technologies and built a highly skilled engineering team focused on multimodal ride sharing coordination, connected airspace management, urban transportation and simulation, and certifiable aviation grade battery technology. The Uber Elevate acquisition was intended to complement the Company s existing technologies and expertise necessary to gain integration into the Uber app and progress commercialization of aerial ridesharing services. 
 The Company concluded that Uber Elevate represented a business, and acquisition of Uber Elevate was accounted as a business combination. 
 Multimodal software technology Simulation software technology Total acquired finite-lived intangible assets Goodwill Property and equipment Deferred tax asset Total purchase consideration 
 The factors contributing to the recognition of goodwill were based upon the Company s conclusion that there are strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. 
 Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement, certain employees of Uber Elevate who continued their employment with the Company following the acquisition of Uber Elevate were allowed to retain their unvested Uber restricted stock unit awards. The total fair value of these awards was million and was recognized by the Company over the period between the acquisition date and awards vesting date, December 16, 2021. million was recognized as other non-cash compensation during the year ended December 31, 2021. million and million are included in research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded tax related measurement period adjustments to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities reflecting tax versus book differences for assets acquired during the Uber Elevate transaction. In relation to these adjustments, the Company updated the allocation of the total consideration between the Uber Elevate business acquisition and the collaboration agreement s contractual asset. The adjustments reflect tax related facts and circumstances in existence as of the acquisition of Uber Elevate, the valuation of which was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2021. The impact of these adjustments resulted in an increase of million in goodwill, an increase of million in deferred tax assets, an increase of million in the contractual agreement asset, offset by a deferred tax liability of million. In addition, the Company released a deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting in an income tax benefit of million, as the deferred tax liability provided the Company with a source of future taxable income. 
 Uber CPN 
 The Uber CPN was issued in exchange for gross proceeds of million, which is the note s face amount. The Uber CPN bore interest at simple interest rate of per annum and matured after its issuance. Uber CPN was convertible into common or preferred stock of Legacy Joby, depending on the occurrence or non-occurrence of various equity financing scenarios, including an IPO or a merger with (or acquisition of) a SPAC. The Uber CPN was issued at a premium, as its fair value at issuance was million, million below its face amount. The Company recognized the million premium at issuance of Uber CPN as a reduction of the total consideration transferred to Uber for the 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million plus accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of million was converted into shares of common stock of Joby Aviation. 
 Uber Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Uber Agreement, the Company and Uber agreed to continue focused development of their respective existing technologies to achieve mutual integration of their transportation services offerings to their customers. 
 The Uber Agreement embodies significant benefits to the Company, consisting primarily of customer demand aggregation, improved load factor as well as favorable commissions. The fair value of the asset representing these benefits (the contractual agreement asset at inception was million. 
 Because the Uber Agreement was not a part of the Uber Elevate business combination, the Company used the relative fair value method to allocate the total consideration transferred to Uber between the purchase consideration for acquiring Uber Elevate business and the contractual agreement asset. The Company will amortize the contractual agreement asset in proportion to the estimated incremental cash flows earned under the Uber Agreement over an estimated period of . The Company expects to begin generating incremental cash flows under the contractual agreement asset in 2025. 
 On April 6, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of an entity engaged in the development of transportation technology with application in the aviation sector, whereby it acquired all the outstanding shares of the entity in exchange for a purchase consideration of million in cash. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition because substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was represented by a group of similar assets. The purchase consideration was allocated to million of the acquired in-process research and development IPR D assets, million of the acquired current liabilities and million of acquired current assets. 
 In relation to the acquisition, the Company issued restricted shares of Legacy Joby Series C Preferred Stock with the aggregate acquisition date value of million. The Series C Preferred Stock was converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy Joby common stock on a -to-one basis immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, and then into the restricted shares of the Company s common stock at the time of the Merger. The restricted shares vest contingent upon each employee s continued employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, and are recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the restricted shares vesting terms. 
 On December 21, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of an entity engaged in the development of radar systems technology with application in the aviation and other sectors, whereby it acquired all the outstanding shares of the entity in exchange for a total consideration consisting of (i) million in cash, and (ii) restricted stock units representing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of the Company s common stock upon vesting ("RSUs") with the aggregate acquisition date value of million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. The purchase consideration of million was allocated to million of the acquired intangible assets, primarily developed technology, million of the acquired current assets, primarily cash and account receivables, and million of the acquired current liabilities. 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 On March 9, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of an aerospace composite manufacturing company, whereby it acquired all the purchased assets and assumed selected liabilities in exchange for a total consideration consisting of (i) million in cash, and (ii) RSUs with the aggregate acquisition date value of million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . The purchase consideration of million was allocated to the following: million in favorable lease assets, million of acquired machinery and equipment, million of acquired current assets, and million of acquired current liabilities. 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of an aerospace software engineering company that specializes in full-lifecycle software and firmware development and verification to aviation regulatory standards, in exchange for total cash consideration of million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constituted a business in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations . Part of the cash consideration in an amount of million was temporarily retained by the Company to satisfy the Company s post-closing indemnification claims, if any, against the seller. This retained amount is payable to the seller, net of indemnification claims, at the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, this retained amount of million is 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs with an aggregate acquisition date value of approximately million. The Company also paid million to the employees of the acquired company, and settled accounts payable to the acquired company of million. The RSUs vest contingent upon each employee s continued employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, and are recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the RSUs vesting terms, commencing on the acquisition date. 
 The purchase consideration of million was, preliminarily, allocated to million of goodwill, primarily resulting from the combined workforce and expected increased regulatory efficiencies, million of total intangible assets comprising of million of acquired customer relationships intangible asset and million of acquired developed technology intangible asset, million of acquired current assets, primarily consisting of cash and accounts receivable, million of acquired fixed assets, and million of acquired current liabilities. Amounts recognized as of the acquisition date are provisional and subject to change within the measurement period as the Company s fair value assessments are finalized. In September 2022, the Company made certain measurement period adjustments, which included a working capital adjustment with the seller in accordance with the agreement terms, resulting in an increase to the purchase consideration of million which was paid during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 On November 30, 2022, the Company completed the purchase of certain real property, improvements and other assets Property from Frederick Electronics Corporation, a Maryland corporation and Plantronics, Inc., a Delaware corporation Sellers for a cash purchase price of million. The Property consists of approximately square feet across buildings located at 333 Encinal Street, Santa Cruz, California and will be used as the Company s corporate headquarters. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired was represented by a group of similar assets. The purchase consideration was allocated to million of land, million of buildings and site improvements and million of equipment, fixtures and furniture. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Computer software Molds and tooling Land Vehicles and aircraft Furniture and fixtures Construction in-progress Gross property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 On November 30, 2022, the Company purchased certain real property, improvements and other assets for million (Note 5). 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Vehicles and aircraft includes utility automobiles used at the Company's various facilities and purchased aircraft to support the Company's air operations and training. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Multimodal Software Technology System Simulation Software Technology Other Intangibles Gross intangible assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 the weighted-average amortization period of intangible assets was years. 
 2024 2025 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
 Prepaid software Prepaid taxes Prepaid insurance Other Total 
 Other Non-Current Assets 
 Long-term prepaid insurance Other non-current assets Total 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Payroll accruals Acquisition-related obligation accrual Other accruals and current liabilities Total 
 
 Note 7. 
 million to be used in financing leasehold improvements. The loan was drawn by the Company in six separate installments, of which two installments were drawn in December 2018, for a total of million, and the remaining installments were drawn during the year ended December 31, 2019 for a total of million. Each loan installment is repayable in equal monthly payments over a period of , commencing in February 2019 and ending in October 2025. In the event of early lease termination by the Company, the loan is repayable within days of the termination. Outstanding balances accrue interest at a rate of per annum. The average effective interest rate for the loan is . 
 2024 2025 Total payable amount Less: current portion of tenant improvement loan ) Noncurrent portion of tenant improvement loan, net 
 Uber CPN 
 On January 11, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Uber Elevate, the Company issued the Uber CPN to Uber in exchange for gross proceeds of million, which is the note s face amount. The Uber CPN bore interest at simple interest rate of per annum and matured after its issuance. Refer to Note 5 for further discussion related to the issuance of the Uber CPN. Upon closing of the Merger, the unpaid principal amount of million plus accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of million was converted into shares of common stock of Joby Aviation. 
 
 Note 8. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 As a result of adopting ASC 842 in 2022, the Company recorded lease right-of-use, (ROU) asset of million and lease liabilities of million as of January 1, 2022, primarily related to ground and building leases based on the present value of future lease payments which were discounted at the Company s estimated IBR. The IBR and the remaining lease terms 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 to and months to years , respectively. There was no impact to retained earnings upon the adoption of ASC 842. 
 The Company purchased equipment with total gross book value of million under capital lease agreements, of which million and million was purchased during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest rates for the finance leases have ranged from to per annum. Accumulated depreciation for equipment acquired under the finance leases was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases Assets Financing lease right-of-use assets Accumulated amortization ) Financing lease right-of-use assets, net Liabilities Finance lease liabilities, current Finance lease liabilities, non-current Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases years Finance leases years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 Lease Costs 
 Finance Leases Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Other Lease Costs Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost (1) 
 Total lease cost (1) Consist primarily of common-area maintenance, taxes and utilities 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases ) Finance cash flows from finance leases ) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total minimum future lease payments, operating leases Less current portion ) Noncurrent portion 
 
 Note 9. 
 
 Note 10. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no holders of the Company s preferred stock. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 publicly-traded warrants Public Warrants and private placement warrants Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Common Stock Warrants issued to Reinvent Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor in connection with RTP s initial public offering and subsequent overallotment were converted into an equal number of warrants that entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Common stock, par value Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of the Merger or earlier upon redemption or the Company s liquidation. Once the Common Stock Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Common Stock Warrants subject to certain Common Stock price and other conditions as defined in the Warrant Agreement between RTP and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Warrant Agreement and the Sponsor Agreement by and among the Company, Sponsor and RTP Sponsor Agreement ). During the year month ended December 31, 2022, Common Stock Warrants were exercised. 
 The Private Warrants were initially recognized as a liability on August 10, 2021, at a fair value of million. The Private Warrant liability was remeasured to fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, resulting in a gain of million and million, respectively, which is included within the gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Public Warrants were initially recognized as a liability on August 10, 2021 at a fair value of million. The public warrant liability was remeasured to fair value based upon the market price as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, resulting in a gain of million and million, respectively, classified within the gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Earnout Shares Liability 
 In connection with the Reverse Recapitalization and pursuant to the Sponsor Agreement, Sponsor agreed to certain terms of vesting, lock-up and transfer with respect to the common shares held by it Earnout Shares ). The terms of the Sponsor Agreement specify that the Earnout Shares will vest upon achieving certain specified release events. In accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging, the Earnout Shares are not indexed to the Common Stock and therefore are accounted for as a liability Earnout Shares Liability as of the Closing Date and subsequently remeasured at each reporting date with changes in fair value recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Under the vesting schedule, of the Earnout Shares vest in tranches when the volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock quoted on the NYSE is greater than , , , and for any trading days within a period of trading days (each such occurrence a Triggering Event ). After years following the consummation of the Merger (the Earnout Period ), any Earnout Shares which have not yet vested are forfeited. No Earnout Shares vested as of December 31, 2022. 
 Earnout Shares Liability at the closing of the Merger on August 10, 2021, was million based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earnout Period using the most reliable information available. Earnout Shares vested as of December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a gain related to the change in the fair value of the Earnout Shares Liability of million and million, respectively, included within the gain from change in fair value of warrants and earnout shares in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term (in years) 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at the per-share purchase price of , for an aggregate cash consideration of million. In addition, the Company issued a warrant for Delta to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock in two tranches, subject to certain milestone achievement conditions Delta Warrant ). 
 The first and the second tranches of the warrant permit Delta to purchase up to and shares of Common Stock at exercise prices of and , respectively, starting from the date the applicable milestones are satisfied and ending on the ten year anniversary of the warrant issuance date. The number of shares and exercise price for both tranches is subject to value cap adjustment if the day volume weighted average price per share of the Company s stock exceeds of each respective tranche s exercise price, but disregarding any price increases occurring within business days after a public announcement of the achievement of an applicable milestone, if any. 
 The Company concluded that no assets or liabilities were transferred by either party beyond the Company s issuance of common stock and warrants in exchange for the total cash consideration from Delta, that the umbrella agreement does not constitute a funded research and development agreement in the scope of ASC 730 Research and Development or a collaborative agreement in the scope of ASC 808 Collaborative Agreements , and that the Delta Warrant is a freestanding financial instrument not indexed to the Company s own stock. Accordingly, the Company recognized the issuance of Common Stock as equity in addition paid-in capital on consolidated balance sheets and the Delta Warrant as liability on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
 The Delta Warrant issuance was initially recognized as a liability on October 7, 2022, at a fair value of million based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using the most reliable information available. The Delta Warrant s liability was remeasured to fair value as of December 31, 2022, resulting in a gain of million, which is included within the gain from change in the fair value of warrants and earnout shares in the consolidated statements of operations 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term (in years) 
 
 Note 12. 
 per share: (i) shares of common stock; and (ii) shares of preferred stock. 
 The Company has retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to August 10, 2021 to give effect to the Exchange Ratio. 
 Preferred stock may be issued at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, as may be permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and without further stockholder action. The shares of preferred stock would be issuable for any proper corporate purpose, including, among other things, future acquisitions, capital raising transactions consisting of equity or convertible debt, stock dividends or issuances under current and any future stock incentive plans, pursuant to which the Company may provide equity incentives to employees, officers and directors, and in certain instances may be used as an antitakeover defense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, and as a consequence, minority stockholders are not able to elect directors on the basis of their votes alone. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends have been declared to date. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Unvested RSU's under 2016 Stock Plan Unvested RSU's under 2021 Stock Plan Remaining shares available for future issuance under the 2021 plan Common stock warrants Total common stock reserved 
 Former Parent Reorganization 
 At incorporation, the Company issued to its then parent entity Joby Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Former Parent common shares and assumed the substantial majority of the Former Parent s workforce. As a result, an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock held by Former Parent were cancelled and retired, and an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock were issued by the Company to the prior stockholders of Former Parent. 
 Accordingly, Former Parent Reorganization did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements, other than the disclosure of the number of legally issued and outstanding common shares, which decreased by common shares, and the number of fully vested common stock options, which increased by options. 
 
 Note 13. 
 . Incentive stock options (ISO) may only be granted to employees, whereas all other stock awards may be granted to employees, directors, consultants and other key persons. 
 Outstanding options generally vest over , contain a cliff, are exercisable immediately and, upon early exercise, are subject to repurchase by the Company at the original exercise price. If an ISO is granted to an optionee who, at the time of grant, owns more than of the voting power of all classes of capital stock, the term of the ISO is . Options issued under the 2016 Plan must be priced at no less than the fair value of the shares on the date of the grant provided, however, that the exercise price of an option granted to a stockholder is not less than of the fair value of the shares on the date of grant. The Board of Directors determines the exercisability provisions of a stock option agreement at its sole discretion. 
 The fair value of the RSU s granted under the 2016 Plan is determined by the Company s Board of Directors on the date of grant. Generally, RSUs have vesting period and contractual terms of . 
 On August 10, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Plan ). Under the 2021 Plan, the Company can grant incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards to employees, directors and consultants. Upon the effectiveness of the Company's 2021 Plan, the Company ceased to grant awards under the 2016 Plan. However, all outstanding awards under the 2016 Plan continue to be governed by their existing terms under the 2016 Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning on January 1, 2022, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) a number of shares equal to four percent of the total number of shares of all classes of common stock of the Company outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company s Board of Directors. On December 31, 2022, the number of shares available for issuance under 2021 Plan 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 . On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under 2021 plan increased by shares. 
 Stock Options Activity 
 Additional shares authorized Options canceled and forfeited ) Repurchases Options granted Options exercised ) Balances December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest Shares exercisable (vested and unvested) 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 
 Expected volatility - As the Company was not publicly traded in 2020, the expected volatility for the Company s stock options was determined by using an average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to the Company s business corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Risk-free interest rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected dividend yield - The expected dividend rate is as the Company currently has no history or expectation of declaring dividends on its common stock. 
 Expected term - The expected term represents the period these stock awards are expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balances December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and , respectively. 
 On December 16, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a performance-based bonus program under which RSUs were awarded in connection with the achievement of specified goals to be achieved in 2022 2022 Bonus Plan ). The RSU awards were granted when the achievement of each goal was approved by the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee, and the RSUs vested on January 1, 2023 provided the employee or consultant continued to be a service provider on that date. The target bonus opportunity was equal to of the employee s base salary as of the applicable grant date unless otherwise established by the Company s Compensation Committee, with stretch bonus goals that were higher than the target amounts. 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, in relation to 2022 Bonus Plan. The Company considered the probability of achieving of each of the performance goals at the end of each reporting period and recognized expense over the requisite period when achievement of the goal was determined to be probable, and adjusted the expense if the probability of achieving the goal later changed. In accordance with ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation, awards under 2022 Bonus Plan were classified as a liability until such time that the respective milestones were met, at which point the liability was reclassified to equity. If it was determined that the milestone could not be met, the liability was reversed. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On August 10, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 ESPP ). Under the 2021 ESPP, participating employees may be offered the option to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at a purchase price which equals of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the enrollment date or on the exercise date, whichever is lower. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2022, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) a number of shares of common stock equal to half percent of the total number of shares of all classes of common stock of the Company on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company s Board of Directors. On December 31, 2022, the number of shares available for issuance under 2021 ESPP was . On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under 2021 ESPP increased by shares. The 2021 ESPP s first offering and purchase periods began in November 2022 with the first purchase period ending in May 2023. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, no shares have been issued under the 2021 ESPP. The stock-based compensation expense recognized for the 2021 ESPP was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock awards was million to be recognized over a weighted average remaining requisite service period of approximately years. 
 Shares subject to repurchase 
 The Company also allows certain option holders to exercise unvested options and holders of stock purchase rights to purchase shares of unvested common stock. Common shares received from such early exercises are subject to a right of repurchase at the original issuance price. The Company s repurchase right with respect to these shares typically lapse over as the shares become vested. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares, respectively, were subject to repurchase at a weighted average price of per share and per share, respectively, and million and million, respectively, was recorded as a stock repurchase liability in early exercised stock option liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 In addition, upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization Series C Preferred shares which were subject to time-based vesting conditions were converted to restricted common shares. As of December 31, 2022, the number of such shares that were subject to repurchase was . 
 
 Note 14.) ) ) International ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current provision Deferred Federal ) State ) Total deferred benefit ) Total provision (benefit) )) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Permanent differences ) ) Change in valuation allowance Tax credits ) ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 Research and development credits Accruals and reserves Property and equipment Stock-based compensation Goodwill Intangibles Lease Liability Capitalized R D Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Contractual agreement ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Increases related to prior year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 The Company has adopted the accounting policy that interest and penalties recognized are classified as part of its income taxes. The Company does not anticipate that its total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change due to settlement of examination or the expiration of statute of limitations during the next 12 months. Due to the full valuation allowance at December 31, 2022, current adjustments to the unrecognized tax benefit will have no impact on our effective income tax rate. Any adjustments made after the valuation allowance is released will have an impact on the tax rate. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the business in which the Company operates, projections of future profitability are difficult and past operating results are not necessarily indicative of future profitability. Management does not believe it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax assets will be realized; accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established on net deferred income tax assets. The valuation allowance increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and by million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of million, of which approximately million will begin to expire in and the remainder do not expire. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal NOLs of million of which approximately million will expire between and and the remainder do not expire. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state NOLs of million and million, respectively, that will begin to expire in . In addition, the Company had foreign NOLs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal research and development credits of million and California research and development credits of million. The federal credits will expire beginning , while California credits have no expiration. At December 31, 2021, the Company had federal research and development credits of million and California research and development credits of million. The federal credits will expire beginning , while California credits have no expiration. 
 The federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to significant limitations under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code (Code) and similar provisions of state law. These Code sections limit the federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards that may be used in any year in the event of an ownership change . A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more shareholders or groups of shareholders, who own at least of the Company s stock, increase their ownership by more than percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling period. The Company may have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, one or more Section 382 ownership changes . If so, the Company may lose some or all of the tax benefits of its NOLs and tax credits. The extent of such limitations for prior years, if any, has not been determined. 
 The Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations in progress nor has it had any federal or state tax examinations since its inception. As a result of the Company s net operating loss and credit carryforwards all of its years are subject to federal and state examination. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15. 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company owed these vendors and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as providing its personnel to SummerBio to assist in SummerBio s research and development efforts and thus generating income of million during the year ended December 31, 2020, which was included as a reduction of the Company s research and development expenses. Total amount due to SummerBio at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 16.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 Common stock warrants Unvested restricted stock awards Unvested restricted stock units Unvested early exercised common stock options Options to purchase common stock Earnout Shares Total 
 
 Note 17. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 However, after giving full consideration to the material weakness described below, and the additional analyses and other procedures we performed to ensure that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, our management has concluded that our consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management, under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 Our management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness described below. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which appears herein. 
 
 Progress Addressing Previously Reported Material Weakness 
 In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness related to the lack of sufficient full-time accounting personnel with deep technical accounting knowledge to execute, review and approve all aspects of the financial statement close and reporting process. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, designed and implemented measures to remediate the control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness and completed testing of the operating effectiveness of internal controls. These remediation efforts, which continued initiatives that began during the year ended December 31, 2021, included the following: 
 Significantly increased our accounting and financial reporting personnel, including hiring of CPAs, and technical accounting and SEC reporting resources with requisite technical accounting knowledge. 
 Expanded usage of external consulting firms to provide advisory support for technical accounting guidance and valuation support to ensure proper identification, quantification, and resolution of complex and / or non-routine accounting issues. 
 Designed and implemented controls to formalize review procedures around the financial close process with appropriate segregation of duties. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 While significant progress has been made to improve our internal control over financial reporting, not all aspects of our past material weakness have been sufficiently remediated. The remaining aspect of the material weakness relates to the lack of sufficient accounting resources with deep technical accounting knowledge to identify and resolve complex accounting issues in a timely manner. Remediation of the material weakness will require further validation and testing of the operating effectiveness of the applicable remedial controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, other than as described above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item, including information about our Executive Officers, Non-Employee Directors and Corporate Governance matters, is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 
 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among the Registrant, RTP Merger Sub Inc. and Joby Aero, Inc. 
 S-4 2.1 7/6/2021 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 S-4 3.2 7/6/2021 3.2 Bylaws of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 S-4 3.3 7/6/2021 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 8-K 4.1 9/21/2020 4.1(a) Form of Amendment to the Warrant agreement, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 S-4 4.5 7/6/2021 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 8-K 4.1 9/21/2020 4.3 Description of the Registrant's Securities 
 X 10.1 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Reinvent Sponsor LLC and Joby Aero, Inc. 
 S-4 10.2 7/6/2021 10.2 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between the Registrant and the undersigned subscriber party thereto. 
 S-4 10.3 7/6/2021 10.3 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Joby Aviation, Inc. and the other parties thereto. 
 S-4 10.4 7/6/2021 10.4 Form of Majority Company Equityholders Lock-Up Agreement. 
 S-4 10.5 7/6/2021 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 S-1 10.11 8/17/2021 10.6+ Joby Aviation, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1 10.12 8/17/2021 10.7+ Form of Stock Option Agreement (included in Exhibit 10.8). 
 S-1 10.13 8/17/2021 10.8+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 S-8 99.3 12/17/2021 10.9+ Joby Aviation, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1 10.15 8/17/2021 10.10# Collaboration Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2021, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Uber Technologies, Inc. 
 S-4 10.23 7/6/2021 10.11# Amendment No. 1 dated September 1, 2022, to the Collaboration Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Uber Technologies, Inc. 
 10-Q 10.2 11/4/2022 10.12# Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2019, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Toyota Motor Corporation. 
 S-4 10.24 7/6/2021 10.13# Memorandum of Understanding, dated as of February 20, 2021, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Toyota Motor Corporation. 
 S-4 10.25 7/6/2021 10.14# Modification to Other Transaction for Prototype Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and The United States Air Force. 
 S-4 10.26 7/6/2021 10.15# Other Transaction for Prototype Agreement between the United States Air Force and Joby Aero, Inc. dated March 3, 2022 
 10-Q 10.1 5/13/2022 10.16# Other Transaction for Prototype Agreement between the United States Air Force and Joby Aero, Inc. dated July 28, 2022 
 10-Q 10.1 11/4/2022 10.17+ Non-employee Director Compensation Program 
 10-K 10.16 3/28/2022 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 10.18+ Offer letter, dated December 21, 2020, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Eric Allison 
 10-K 10.17 3/28/2022 10.19+ Offer letter, dated February 1, 2021, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Matt Field 
 10-K 10.18 3/28/2022 10.20+ Letter Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, by and between Joby Aero, Inc. and Matt Field 
 10-Q 10.2 8/12/2022 10.21# Umbrella Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, among Delta Air Lines, Inc., Joby Aero, Inc., and Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 8-K 10.1 10/11/2022 10.22 Subscription Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Joby Aviation, Inc . 
 8-K 10.2 10/11/2022 10.23 Warrant Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 8-K 10.3 10/11/2022 10.24 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 8-K 10.4 10/11/2022 10.25 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, by and between Frederick Electronics Corporation, Plantronics, Inc., and Joby Aero, Inc. 
 8-K 10.1 11/9/2022 21.1 Significant Subsidiaries of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 X 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page to the Report) 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1834, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1834, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 ________________ 
 The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 # Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Regulation #S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 
 These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Santa Cruz, State of California, on February 28, 2023. 
 Joby Aviation, Inc. By: /s/ Matthew Field Name: Matthew Field Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of JoeBen Bevirt and Matthew Field, acting alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all further amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all further amendments, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities indicated and on February 28, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ JoeBen Bevirt Chief Executive Officer and Director JoeBen Bevirt (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Matthew Field Chief Financial Officer Matthew Field (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Aicha Evans Director Aicha Evans /s/ Halimah DeLaine Prado Director Halimah DeLaine Prado /s/ Reid Hoffman Director Reid Hoffman /s/ James Kuffner Director James Kuffner /s/ Dipender Saluja Director Dipender Saluja /s/ Paul Sciarra Director Paul Sciarra /s/ Laura Wright Director Laura Wright 
 88 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 joby-20221231xex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description of the terms of our capital stock and warrants is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the warrant agreement, all of which are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to the Company, we, us or our refer to Joby Aviation, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Authorized Capitalization 
 General 
 The total amount of Joby Aviation s authorized capital stock consists of 1,400,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 The following summary describes all material provisions of our capital stock. We urge you to read our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has authority to issue shares of our preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The issuance of our preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of Joby Aviation. 
 Common Stock 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of Joby Aviation s securities. Our common stock is neither convertible nor redeemable. Unless our board of directors determines otherwise, we will issue all of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as provided by our Certificate of Incorporation and outlined below. Our Bylaws provide that the holders of a majority of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, our Bylaws or our Certificate of Incorporation, and except for the election of directors, which is determined by a plurality vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding voting stock will be required to take certain actions, including amending certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, such as the provisions relating to amending our amended and restated bylaws, the classified board and director liability. 
 To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. air transportation operations, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws restrict voting of shares of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require that no more than 25 of our voting stock be voted, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors be U.S. citizens. Under our Organizational Documents, Joby Aviation or any designated transfer agent shall maintain a Foreign Stock Record for registered Joby Aviation common stock known to us to be owned and or controlled by Non-Citizens. In the event that we determine that the Joby Aviation common stock registered on the Foreign Stock Record exceeds the Permitted Percentage, sufficient shares shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record in reverse chronological order based upon the date of registration therein so that the number of shares entered does not exceed the Permitted Percentage provided, that upon the vesting of any Sponsor Shares pursuant to the Sponsor Agreement, such Sponsor Shares held by the Sponsor shall be deemed registered on the Foreign Stock Record as of the date of the Merger and before the registration of any Joby Aviation capital stock held by any other 

Non-Citizen. If Non-Citizens at any time own and or control in excess of the Permitted Percentage, the voting rights of the shares of Joby Aviation common stock in excess and not registered on the Foreign Stock Record will be automatically suspended until the earlier of (i) the transfer of such shares to a person or entity who is not a Non-Citizen or (ii) the registration of such shares on the Foreign Stock Record. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Each holder of shares of our capital stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by our board of directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends. 
 Other Rights 
 Each holder of our common stock is subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 If we are involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, or a similar event, each holder of our common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of our preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. 
 Redeemable Warrants 
 Public Warrants 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 17,250,000 Public Warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. The warrants will expire August 10, 2026, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 We are not obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available, including as a result of a notice of redemption described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 . No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. 
 In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. 
 We have agreed to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our shares of common stock are, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of 

the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. We may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants) 
 in whole and not in part 
 at a price of 0.01 per warrant 
 upon not less than 30 days written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 
 if and only if, the last reported sale price of the shares of common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 10.00. We may redeem the outstanding warrants 
 in whole and not in part 
 at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value (as defined below) of our shares of common stock except as otherwise described below 
 if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) and 
 if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 
 The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our shares of common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide 

our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 
 The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted as set forth in the first three paragraphs under the heading - Anti-dilution Adjustments below. The adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 Redemption Date 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 60 months 
 
 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 57 months 
 
 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 54 months 
 
 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 51 months 
 
 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 48 months 
 
 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 45 months 
 
 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 42 months 
 
 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 39 months 
 
 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 36 months 
 
 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 33 months 
 
 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 30 months 
 
 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 27 months 
 
 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 24 months 
 
 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 21 months 
 
 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 18 months 
 
 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 15 months 
 
 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 12 months 
 
 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 9 months 
 
 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 6 months 
 
 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 3 months 
 
 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0 months 
 
 - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, 

the number of shares of common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our shares of common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of 
 redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of common stock. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the shares of common stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our shares of common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under - Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of RTP s initial public offering. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 
 As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of common stock if and when such shares of common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the shares of common stock, Joby Aviation (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 
 Redemption procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would 

beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a capitalization of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock) and (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (1) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of common stock during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of common stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. 
 If the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of our shares of common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by Joby Aviation in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of Joby Aviation as provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the shares of common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 
 The warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then issued and outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 
 The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 11,533,333 private placement warrants outstanding. The private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be redeemable by us (except as described under Description of Securities - Redeemable Warrants - Public Redeemable Warrants - Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis and have certain registration rights described herein. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 
 Except as described under Description of Securities - Redeemable Warrants - Public Redeemable Warrants - Redemption of warrants when the price per share of common stock equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of 

the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. 
 Anti-takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of Joby Aviation. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of Joby Aviation to first negotiate with our board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give our board of directors the power to discourage mergers that some stockholders may favor. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the (a) the Chairperson of our board of directors, (b) our board of directors, (c) our Chief Executive Officer or (d) our President, provided that such special meeting may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by our board of directors or other person calling the meeting. 
 Action by Written Consent 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 The Bylaws provide for advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible and each class serving three-year staggered terms. The board of directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares our voting stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15 or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes an interested stockholder and may not engage in certain business combinations with such corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15 or more of such corporation s voting stock, unless (1) the board of directors of such corporation approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, (2) the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans), or (3) the merger transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. Under the Certificate of Incorporation, Joby Aviation opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, but will provide other similar restrictions regarding takeovers by interested stockholders. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will indemnify our directors to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law. We expect to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. Under the Bylaws, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. The also require us to advance expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person will repay any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that (i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) and any appellate court thereof will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (B) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or to our stockholders, (C) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Bylaws or Certificate of Incorporation (as either may be amended from time to time), or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (D) any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or stockholder governed by the internal affairs doctrine (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (iii) notwithstanding the foregoing, the forum selection provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction and (iv) any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of Joby Aviation will be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. 
 Although the Certificate of Incorporation contains the forum selection provisions described above, it is possible that a court could find that such provisions are inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provisions are unenforceable. For example, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such forum selection provisions as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. 
 Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent and warrant agent for our common stock and warrants, respectively, is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agent s address is 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York, 10004-1561. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 joby-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 Significant Subsidiaries (as of December 31, 2022) 
 
 Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Domestic Joby Aero, Inc. Delaware Joby Elevate, Inc. Delaware Joby Manufacturing, Inc. Delaware Joby Motors, LLC Delaware Geordi, LLC Delaware Avionyx, Inc. Florida International Joby Metal Shenzhen Co., Ltd. PRC Joby Germany GmbH Germany Avionyx, S.A. Costa Rica 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 joby-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos. 333-260608, 333-258868 and 333-267736 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-261742 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Joby Aviation, Inc. and the effectiveness of Joby Aviation, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 joby-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, JoeBen Bevirt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s JoeBen Bevirt JoeBen Bevirt Chief Executive Officer and Chief Architect 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 joby-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew Field, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Joby Aviation, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Matthew Field Matthew Field Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 joby-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Joby Aviation, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, JoeBen Bevirt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s JoeBen Bevirt Name JoeBen Bevirt Title Chief Executive Officer and Chief Architect 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 joby-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Joby Aviation, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Field, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Matthew Field Name Matthew Field Title Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 joby-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 joby-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 joby-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 joby-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 joby-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

