<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_835324_0001437749-23-004492.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37779428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471041</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3285891</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18124743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6380546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8121762</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-004492.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224110126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-004492
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		175
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000835324
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				611137529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13661
		FILM NUMBER:		23663882

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1040 E MAIN ST
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40206
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5025822571

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1040 EAST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	S Y BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-004492.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 sybt20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

sybt20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 

STOCK YARDS BANCORP, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, no par value, outstanding as of January 31, 2023, was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 27, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I: 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 20 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 20 

PART II: 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 21 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 77 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 77 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 163 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 163 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 167 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 167 

PART III: 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 167 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 169 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 169 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 169 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 169 

PART IV: 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 169 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 172 

Signatures 
 
 173 

2

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified in alphabetical order below are used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Acronym or Term 
 
 Definition 
 
 Acronym or Term 
 
 Definition 
 
 Acronym or Term 
 
 Definition 

ACH 
 
 Automatic Clearing House 
 
 EVP 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 NIM 
 
 Net Interest Margin (FTE) 

AFS 
 
 Available for Sale 
 
 FASB 
 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 
 NPV 
 
 Net Present Value 

APIC 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 
 FDIC 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 
 Net Interest Spread 
 
 Net Interest Spread (FTE) 

ACL 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 FFP 
 
 Federal Funds Purchased 
 
 NM 
 
 Not Meaningful 

AOCI 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 FFS 
 
 Federal Funds Sold 
 
 OAEM 
 
 Other Assets Especially Mentioned 

ASC 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification 
 
 FFTR 
 
 Federal Funds Target Rate 
 
 OREO 
 
 Other Real Estate Owned 

ASU 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 
 
 FHA 
 
 Federal Housing Authority 
 
 PPP 
 
 SBA Paycheck Protection Program 

ATM 
 
 Automated Teller Machine 
 
 FHC 
 
 Financial Holding Company 
 
 PV 
 
 Present Value 

AUM 
 
 Assets Under Management 
 
 FHLB 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 
 
 PCD 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated 

Bancorp / the Company 
 
 Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 FHLMC 
 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 
 PD 
 
 Probability of Default 

Bank / SYB 
 
 Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 
 
 FICA 
 
 Federal Insurance Contributions Act 
 
 Prime 
 
 The Wall Street Journal Prime Interest Rate 

BOLI 
 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 
 FNMA 
 
 Federal National Mortgage Association 
 
 Provision 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 

BP 
 
 Basis Point - 1/100th of one percent 
 
 FRB 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank 
 
 PSU 
 
 Performance Stock Unit 

C D 
 
 Construction and Development 
 
 FTE 
 
 Fully Tax Equivalent 
 
 ROA 
 
 Return on Average Assets 

Captive 
 
 SYB Insurance Company, Inc. 
 
 GAAP 
 
 United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 
 ROE 
 
 Return on Average Equity 

C I 
 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 
 GLBA 
 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 
 RSA 
 
 Restricted Stock Award 

CB 
 
 Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. and Commonwealth Bank Trust Company 
 
 GNMA 
 
 Government National Mortgage Association 
 
 RSU 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit 

CD 
 
 Certificate of Deposit 
 
 HELOC 
 
 Home Equity Line of Credit 
 
 SAB 
 
 Staff Accounting Bulletin 

CDI 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible 
 
 HTM 
 
 Held to Maturity 
 
 SAR 
 
 Stock Appreciation Right 

CECL 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss (ASC-326) 
 
 ITM 
 
 Interactive Teller Machine 
 
 SBA 
 
 Small Business Administration 

CEO 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 KB 
 
 Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. and Kentucky Bank 
 
 SEC 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 

CFO 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 KSB 
 
 King Bancorp, Inc. and King Southern Bank 
 
 SOFR 
 
 Secured Overnight Financing Right 

CLI 
 
 Customer list intangible 
 
 LGD 
 
 Loss Given Default 
 
 SSUAR 
 
 Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 

CRA 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 LFA 
 
 Landmark Financial Advisors, LLC 
 
 SVP 
 
 Senior Vice President 

CRE 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 
 LIBOR 
 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 
 TBA 
 
 To Be Annouced 

DCF 
 
 Discounted Cash Flow 
 
 Loans 
 
 Loans and Leases 
 
 TBOC 
 
 The Bank Oldham County 

DTA 
 
 Deferred Tax Asset 
 
 MBS 
 
 Mortgage Backed Securities 
 
 TCE 
 
 Tangible Common Equity 

DTL 
 
 Deferred Tax Liability 
 
 MSA 
 
 Metropolitan Statistical Area 
 
 TDR 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring 

Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 MSRs 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 
 TPS 
 
 Trust Preferred Securities 

EPS 
 
 Earnings Per Share 
 
 NASDAQ 
 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC 
 
 VA 
 
 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs 

ETR 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 
 NCI 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 
 WM T 
 
 Wealth Management and Trust 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp or the Company ), is a FHC headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky and is engaged in the business of banking through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Stock Yards Bank Trust Company SYB or the Bank and SYB Insurance Company, Inc. the Captive ). Bancorp, which was incorporated in 1988 in Kentucky, is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. As Bancorp has no significant operations of its own, its business is essentially that of SYB and the Captive. The operations of SYB and the Captive are fully reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Bancorp. Accordingly, references to Bancorp in this document may encompass both the holding company and its subsidiaries, however, it should be noted that the business of the Captive is immaterial to the overall results of operations and financial condition of Bancorp. All significant inter-company transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 SYB, established in 1904, is a state-chartered non-member financial institution that provides services in Louisville, central, eastern and northern Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets through 73 full service banking center locations. The Bank is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the FDIC and the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions. 
 
 The Captive, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company that provides insurance against certain risks unique to operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. The Captive pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. The Captive is subject to regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. It has elected to be taxed under Section 831(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. Pursuant to Section 831(b), if gross premiums do not exceed 2,450,000, then the Captive is taxable solely on its investment income. The Captive is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and its federal income tax return. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Commonwealth Bank Trust Company, collectively defined as CB, a Louisville, Kentucky-based commercial bank and trust company, which operated 15 retail branches, including nine in Jefferson County, four in Shelby County, and two in Northern Kentucky. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, Commonwealth had 1.34 billion in assets, 632 million in loans, 247 million in investment securities and 1.12 billion in deposits in addition to maintaining a Wealth Management and Trust Department with total assets under management of approximately 2.65 billion. Bancorp acquired all outstanding common stock of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. in a combined stock and cash transaction that resulted in total consideration paid to Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. shareholders of 168 million. 
 
 As a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. on March 7, 2022, Bancorp became the 100 successor owner of three unconsolidated Delaware trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. 
 
 Also as a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc., Bancorp acquired a 60 interest in Landmark Financial Advisors, LLC (LFA), which is based in Bowling Green, Kentucky and provides wealth management services. LFA is consolidated into the Company. The 40 non-controlling interest is presented within the consolidated financial statements and represents the interest in LFA not owned by Bancorp. Effective December 31, 2022, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 870,000 recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. This acquired line of business was not within the Company s geographic footprint and ultimately did not align with the Company s long-term strategic model. Net income related to LFA and attributable to Bancorp s 60 interest, excluding the pre-tax loss on disposition noted above, totaled 483,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

4

Table of Contents 

General Business Overview 
 
 As is the case with most banks, our primary revenue sources are net interest income and fee income from various financial services provided to customers. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investment securities and other interest earning assets less interest expense on deposit accounts and other interest bearing liabilities. Loan volume and interest rates earned on those loans are critical to overall profitability. Similarly, deposit volume is crucial to funding loans and rates paid on deposits directly impact profitability. New business volume is influenced by economic factors including market interest rates, business spending, consumer confidence and competitive conditions within the marketplace, as well as Bancorp s strong sales focus. Net interest income accounted for 72 of our total revenues, defined as net interest income plus non-interest income, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Fee income, or non-interest income, is a significant component of our business. Non-interest income represented 28 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, demonstrating the value of the diversified revenue streams created by our broad product offerings in addition to income provided by the principal banking activities described above. Our non-interest income is driven by WM T activities, deposit service charges, debit and credit card services, treasury management services, mortgage banking services, brokerage services and other ancillary activities of the Bank. WM T revenue, which is our largest source of non-interest income, constituted 41 , 42 and 45 of total non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Despite continued growth in WM T income, the decline in the percentage of non-interest income attributed to WM T is due to the significant growth of other non-interest revenue streams through both organic business development and acquisition, as Bancorp continues to prioritize the pursuit and growth of diversified revenue streams. 
 
 Bancorp is divided into two reportable segments: Commercial Banking and WM T: 
 
 Commercial Banking provides a full range of loan and deposit products to individual consumers and businesses in all its markets through retail lending, mortgage banking, deposit services, online banking, mobile banking, private banking, commercial lending, commercial real estate lending, leasing, treasury management services, merchant services, international banking, correspondent banking and other banking services. The Bank also offers securities brokerage services via its banking center network through an arrangement with a third party broker-dealer in the Commercial Banking segment. 
 
 WM T provides investment management, financial retirement planning and trust estate services, as well as retirement plan management for businesses and corporations in all markets in which Bancorp operates. The magnitude of WM T revenue distinguishes Bancorp from other community banks of similar asset size. 
 
 For further discussion regarding our business, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our strategy focuses on building strong relationships with our customers, employees and communities, while maintaining disciplined underwriting standards and a commitment to operational efficiency. By leveraging our comprehensive suite of products and services, we strive to continue expanding our footprint in our home market of Louisville, Kentucky while also cultivating attractive growth opportunities in our other markets of central, eastern and northern Kentucky, Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio, and opportunistically pursuing acquisitions. 
 
 Key components of our strategy include the following: 
 
 Continue to focus on customer relationships and our community banking model We believe that our reputation, expertise and relationship-based approach to banking enables us to establish long-lasting, full-service customer relationships. We look to leverage our relationships with existing customers by offering a wide range of products and services that are tailored to their needs and financial goals. Attracting and retaining high-quality relationship managers and providing them with the tools necessary for success is crucial to maintaining and strengthening the relationships we have with both existing and prospective customers. 

5

Table of Contents 

Focusing on these relationships and our community banking model has been essential to the success of our recent acquisitions. With the completion of the CB acquisition in 2022 and the KB acquisition in 2021, we have been able to establish ourselves in markets that provide significant opportunities for growth. Our commitment to fostering both new and existing relationships, along with continued investment in the communities we serve, has helped us overcome the challenges associated with entering new markets and has allowed us to realize the significant benefits of strategic acquisitions. 
 
 Continue to grow and pursue diversified revenue streams WM T revenue distinguishes us from other community banks of similar asset size and continues to provide us with a strong competitive advantage. We have also seen significant growth in other non-interest revenue sources in recent years, particularly treasury management services and debit/credit card services. We believe these services, along with our other non-interest revenue sources, such as mortgage banking, brokerage services and other ancillary activities, provide the diversity necessary to weather the ups and downs of business cycles and provide the financial solutions our customers and communities desire. 
 
 Maintain focus on organic growth while capitalizing on strategic acquisitions Our strategy has been to pursue attractive, organic growth opportunities within our existing markets and enter new markets that align with our business model and strategic plans. We believe we can increase our presence in our existing markets and broaden our footprint in attractive markets adjacent and complementary to our current markets by expansion of our branch network and opportunistically pursuing acquisitions. 
 
 The acquisition of KB during the second quarter of 2021 expanded our footprint into the new markets of central and eastern Kentucky, providing broader product offerings, increased lending capabilities and a larger branch delivery system to our customers in these markets. Our expansion into these new markets has provided solid growth opportunities and a larger platform for future expansion. 
 
 Our acquisition of CB in the first quarter of 2022 has helped build upon our market share in our home market of Louisville, Kentucky, while also expanding our presence in neighboring Shelby County, Kentucky, as well as northern Kentucky, providing a natural geographic connection between Louisville and the newly entered central and eastern Kentucky markets noted above. Additionally, the acquisition significantly bolstered our wealth management capabilities and created the largest bank-owned trust company in the state of Kentucky. 
 
 Continue to manage costs and improve efficiency We believe that conservative cost management and a focus on operational efficiency is critical to our success. We continuously manage our cost structure and refine our internal processes and technology to create further efficiencies with the goal of enhancing our earnings. 
 
 Our efficiency ratio (FTE) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 59.30 , 59.94 and 54.06 , respectively, with the elevated ratios in 2022 and 2021 being attributed to merger-related expenses stemming from the CB and KB acquisitions. 
 
 However, Bancorp also considers an adjusted efficiency ratio, which eliminates net gains (losses) on sales and calls of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of acquired premises and equipment and disposition of any acquired assets, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses. Bancorp s adjusted efficiency ratio (FTE) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 53.62 , 51.77 and 52.42 . See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 

6

Table of Contents 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 Attracting and retaining talented employees is key to our ability to execute our strategy and compete effectively. Bancorp values the unique combination of talents and experiences each employee contributes towards our success and strives to provide an environment that promotes the personal well-being and career development of our employees. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and enforce those values throughout the organization. We prohibit discrimination in hiring or advancement against any individual on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, mental disability, genetics, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 1,040 full-time equivalent employees. Approximately 67 of Bancorp s employees are located in the home market of Louisville, Kentucky, while 22 , 6 and 5 are located the Central Kentucky, Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets, respectively. None of Bancorp s employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement and Bancorp has never experienced a work stoppage. 
 
 Management of Bancorp strives to be an employer of choice and considers the relationship with employees to be good. In addition to competitive pay, employees of the Bank have access to a number of employee benefits and career development opportunities, including: 

A defined contribution and stock ownership plan with considerable company match; 

medical, dental and vision plans, as well as flexible spending and health savings accounts; 

fully-funded wellness programs that reward employees for healthy behaviors in addition to mental health benefits that allow 24/7 access to counselors for a wide range of needs; 

bank-paid life insurance in addition to a variety of other voluntary insurance plans; 

short-term and long-term disability plans; 

an employee assistance program; 

merit-based bonus pay; 

generous paid time-off policies; 

guidance for wealth management and estate planning; 

employee recognition and reward programs; 

a management training program; 

access to American Institute of Banking training courses; 

access to Bank Administration Institute learning and development content, as well as access to a professional skills library; and 

access to the Kentucky Bankers Association s and other general banking schools. 

As a testament to the strong culture, inclusive environment and numerous benefits Bancorp is committed to providing its employees, in November of 2022, we were recognized by American Banker as one of the Best Banks to Work For, which evaluates employee satisfaction, as well as the policies and employee benefits of each institution. We were honored to be one of only 90 institutions in the country to make the list for 2022. 
 
 Further, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we published our inaugural Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Corporate Responsibility report. We believe it provides important information on our operations and insight to management s priorities. The report identifies ongoing practices and recent accomplishments in the areas of environmental risk and impact management, social responsibility, including diversity, equity and inclusion, and governance. This report is accessible on Bancorp s web site at http://www.syb.com. 

7

Table of Contents 

Executive Officers 

Name and Age 
 
 Position and Offices with 

of Executive Officer 
 
 Bancorp and/or the Bank 

James A. Hillebrand 
 
 Chairman and CEO of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 54 

Philip S. Poindexter 
 
 President of Bancorp and SYB; Director of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 56 

T. Clay Stinnett 
 
 EVP, Treasurer and CFO of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 49 

Michael J. Croce 
 
 EVP and Director of Retail Banking of SYB 

Age 53 

William M. Dishman III 
 
 EVP and Chief Risk Officer of SYB 

Age 59 

Michael V. Rehm 
 
 EVP and Chief Lending Officer of SYB 

Age 58 

Kathy C. Thompson 
 
 Senior EVP and Director of WM T Division of SYB; Director of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 61 

See Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for information regarding Bancorp s executive officers. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Bank encounters competition in its markets in originating loans, attracting deposits, and selling other banking related financial services. The deregulation of the banking industry, the ability to create financial services holding companies to engage in a wide range of financial services other than banking and the widespread enactment of state laws that permit multi-bank holding companies, as well as the availability of nationwide interstate banking, has created a highly competitive environment for financial institutions. In one or more aspects of the Bank s business, the Bank competes with local and regional retail and commercial banks, other savings banks, credit unions, finance companies and mortgage companies operating in Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio. Some of the Bank s competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulatory review and restrictions that apply to Bancorp and the Bank. Many of the Bank s primary competitors, some of which are affiliated with large bank holding companies or other larger financial-based institutions, have substantially greater resources, larger established client bases, higher lending limits, more extensive banking center networks, numerous ATMs or ITMs, and greater advertising and marketing budgets. They may also offer services that the Bank does not currently provide. It is anticipated that competition from both bank and non-bank entities will continue to remain strong in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The Bank believes that an emphasis on highly personalized service tailored to individual client needs, together with the local character of the Bank s business and its community bank management philosophy will continue to enhance the Bank s ability to compete successfully in its markets. 

8

Table of Contents 

Supervision and Regulation 
 
 Bank holding companies and commercial banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state laws. Changes in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on the business and prospects of Bancorp. 
 
 Bancorp, as a registered bank holding company, is subject to the supervision of and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. In addition, Bancorp is subject to the provisions of Kentucky s banking laws regulating bank acquisitions and certain activities of controlling bank shareholders. 
 
 Kentucky and federal banking statutes delineate permissible activities for Kentucky state-chartered banks. Kentucky s statutes, however, contain a super parity provision for Kentucky chartered banks having one of the top two ratings in its most recent regulatory examination. This provision allows these state banks to engage in any banking activity in which a national bank, a state bank operating in any other state, or a federally chartered thrift could engage. The bank must first obtain a legal opinion specifying the statutory or regulatory provisions that permit the activity. 
 
 The Bank is subject to the supervision of the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions and the FDIC. The FDIC insures the deposits of the Bank to the current maximum of 250,000 per depositor. 
 
 The GLB Act allows for affiliations among banks, securities firms and insurance companies by means of FHC. The GLB Act requires that, at the time of establishment of an FHC, all depository institutions within that corporate group must be well-managed and well-capitalized and must have received a rating of satisfactory or better under its most recent CRA examination. Further, non-banking financial firms (for example an insurance company or securities firm) may establish a FHC and acquire a depository institution. While the distinction between banks and non-banking financial firms is blurred, the GLB Act makes it less cumbersome for banks to offer services financial in nature but beyond traditional commercial banking activities. Likewise, non-banking financial firms may find it easier to offer services that had, heretofore, been provided primarily by depository institutions. In 2012, management of Bancorp elected to become and became a FHC. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in 2010 and generally was effective the day after it was signed into law, but different effective dates apply to specific sections of the law. The extensive and complex legislation contained many provisions affecting the banking industry, including but not limited to: 

Creation of a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection overseeing banks with assets totaling 10 billion or greater while writing and maintaining several regulations that apply to all banks, 

Determination of debit card interchange rates by the Federal Reserve Board, 

New regulation over derivative instruments, 

Phase outs of certain forms of trust preferred debt and hybrid instruments previously included as bank capital, and 

Increases to FDIC deposit coverage, revised calculations for assessing bank premiums, and numerous other provisions affecting financial institution regulation, oversight of certain non-banking organizations, and improved depositor protection. 

The CRA requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practice. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing credit to low and moderate income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA, and banking regulators take into account CRA ratings when considering approval of certain applications. An unsatisfactory CRA rating could, among other things, result in the denial or delay of corporate applications filed by Bancorp or the Bank for proposed activities such as branch openings or relocations and applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or holding company. 

9

Table of Contents 

The federal banking regulators have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to unaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to an unaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is conveyed to outside vendors. The Bank is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe the federal banking agencies expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. 
 
 The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA Patriot Act. These statutes and related rules and regulations impose requirements and limitations on specified financial transactions and accounts and other relationships intended to guard against money laundering and terrorism financing. Financial institutions must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 
 Bancorp and the Bank are subject to capital regulations in accordance with Basel III, as administered by banking regulators. Basel III is an internationally agreed upon set of measures that were developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision that strengthened the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks in response to the financial crisis of 2007-2009. The FRB and FDIC have substantially similar risk-based and leverage ratio guidelines for banking organizations, which are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital related to the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet instruments. Under the risk-based guidelines, specific categories of assets are assigned different risk weights based generally on the perceived credit risk of the asset. These risk weights are multiplied by corresponding asset balances to determine a risk-weighted asset base. In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the FRB uses a leverage ratio as a tool to evaluate the capital adequacy of bank holding companies. The leverage ratio is a company s Tier 1 Capital divided by its average total consolidated assets (less goodwill and certain other intangible assets). 
 
 The federal banking agencies risk-based and leverage ratios represent minimum supervisory ratios generally applicable to banking organizations that meet certain specified criteria, assuming that they have the highest regulatory capital rating. Banking organizations not meeting these criteria are required to operate with capital positions above the minimum ratios. FRB guidelines also provide that banking organizations experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions may be expected to maintain strong capital positions above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. The FDIC may establish higher minimum capital adequacy requirements if, for example, a bank proposes to make an acquisition requiring regulatory approval, has previously warranted special regulatory attention, has experienced rapid growth that presents supervisory concerns, or, among other factors, has a high susceptibility to interest rate and other types of risk. The Bank is not subject to any such individual minimum regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 Banking regulators have categorized the Bank as well-capitalized. To meet the definition of well-capitalized for prompt corrective action requirements, a bank must have a minimum 6.5 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.0 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 10.0 Total Risk-Based Capital ratio and 5.0 Tier 1 Leverage ratio. 
 
 Additionally, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Bancorp and the Bank must hold a 2.5 capital conservation buffer composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for the Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and Total Risk-Based Capital ratio necessary to be considered adequately-capitalized. At December 31, 2022, the adequately-capitalized minimums, including the capital conservation buffer, were a 7.0 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.5 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and 10.5 Total Risk-Based Capital ratio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Bancorp exceeded the requirements to be considered well-capitalized and those required to avoid limitations associated with the capital conservation buffer. 

10

Table of Contents 

Under regulatory guidance applicable to all banking organizations, incentive compensation policies must be consistent with safety and soundness principles. Under this guidance, financial institutions must review their compensation programs to ensure that they: (i) provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward and that do not encourage imprudent risk, (ii) are compatible with effective controls and risk management, and (iii) are supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the banking organization s board of directors. Monitoring methods and processes used by a banking organization should be commensurate with the size and complexity of the organization and its use of incentive compensation. 
 
 The federal banking agencies and state regulators have been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking laws and regulations. 
 
 In November 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a rule regarding notification requirements for banking organizations related to significant computer security incidents. Under the final rule, a bank holding company and state member bank are required to notify the Federal Reserve within 36 hours of incidents that have materially disrupted or degraded, or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, jeopardize the viability of key operations of the banking organization, or impact the stability of the financial sector. The rule was effective April 1, 2022 and Bancorp was in compliance by the required May 1, 2022 deadline. 
 
 We expect federal banking agencies and state regulators to continue focusing on information technology and cybersecurity. We are continually monitoring regulatory developments and the impact they may have on Bancorp. 
 
 Website Access to Reports 
 
 Bancorp files reports with the SEC including the Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current event reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are also accessible at no cost on Bancorp s web site at http://www.syb.com after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

11

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 
 An investment in Bancorp s common stock is subject to risks inherent in its business. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this filing. In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to Bancorp or that Bancorp currently deems to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. The value or market price of Bancorp s common stock could decline due to any of these identified or other risks, and an investor could lose all or part of their investment. 
 
 There are factors, many beyond Bancorp s control, which may significantly change the results or expectations of Bancorp. Some of these factors are described below, however, many are described in the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Economic, Market and Credit Risks 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates could reduce profitability. 
 
 Our primary source of income is from net interest spread, the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. We expect to periodically experience gaps in interest rate sensitivities of assets and liabilities, meaning that either interest-bearing liabilities may be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, earnings could be negatively affected. 
 
 Many factors affect fluctuation of market interest rates, including, but not limited to the following: 

the FRB s actions to control interest rates 

inflation or deflation 

recession 

changes in unemployment 

changes in the money supply 

local, regional, national or international disorder and instability in financial markets 

The FRB has taken aggressive interest rate actions over the past year, implementing multiple rate hikes in an effort to tame inflation that has reached its highest levels in decades. Beginning 2022 at a range of 0.00 - 0.25 , the FFTR was subsequently increased a cumulative 425 bps during the year, bringing it a range of 4.25 - 4.50 , and Prime to 7.50 , as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The current economic outlook suggests continued interest rate action from the FRB through at least the first quarter of 2023 and prospects of a continuing rising rate environment. While Bancorp expects continued rising rates to have a positive effect on NIM, pricing pressure/competition for both loans and deposits, changing levels of liquidity within the banking system and the possibility of a more severely inverted yield curve could continue to place pressure on NIM. 
 
 Deposit rates tend to be tied to the short end of the rate curve, while fixed-rate loans are largely priced based upon longer term rates, typically five-year offerings. A flattened, or inverted, yield curve may increase our funding costs while limiting rates that can be earned on loans and investments, thereby decreasing our net interest income and earnings. Further, migration of deposits out of Bancorp, as customers pursue higher rates, could impact liquidity and earnings, as we compete for deposits. Changes in the mix of deposits could result in increased average rates paid on deposits, and lower earnings. Our asset-liability management strategy, which is designed to mitigate risk from changes in market interest rates, may not be able to prevent changes in interest rates from having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

12

Table of Contents 

Financial condition and profitability depend significantly on local and national economic conditions. 
 
 Our success depends on general economic conditions both locally, regionally and nationally. A portion of our customers ability to repay their obligations is directly tied to local, regional, national or global economic activity. Deterioration in the quality of the credit portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and ultimately capital. 
 
 The economic outlook for 2023 suggests sluggish growth, continued monetary tightening to subdue inflation, and the potential of a recession. While consumer and business balance sheets remain strong by historical standards, excess liquidity built up during the pandemic, largely through government stimulus, has gradually dissipated over the course of 2022, leaving borrowers with less cushion to withstand economic downturns than may have been available in recent years. As such, the severity of any potential recession or economic downturn could have a significant impact on borrowers ability to perform. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses, which could negatively impact earnings. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans and the liability for unfunded lending commitments reflect management s estimate of credit losses expected in the loan portfolio, including unfunded lending commitments, as of the balance sheet date. These estimates are the result of our continuing evaluation of specific credit risks and loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, industry concentrations, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors that may provide an indication of credit losses. The determination of our allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires assumptions to be made by management. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect or economic problems are worse than projected, adjustments may be necessary to allow for changing economic conditions or adverse developments in the loan portfolio. Any material increase to the required level of ACL, or insufficiency of the ACL to cover actual loan losses, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Federal and state regulators annually review our allowance and may require an adjustment in the ACL on loans. If regulatory agencies require any increase in the allowance for which we had not allocated, it would have a negative effect on our financial results. 
 
 Our credit metrics are currently at historically strong levels and this trend could normalize over time. 
 
 Over the past several years, our asset quality metrics have trended within a narrow range, exceeding benchmarks and reaching historically strong levels. We realize that present asset quality metrics are positive and, recognizing the cyclical nature of the lending business, we anticipate this trend will likely normalize over time. 
 
 Financial condition and profitability depend on real estate values in our market areas. 
 
 We offer a variety of secured loans, including C I lines of credit, C I term loans, real estate, C D, HELOCs, consumer and other loans. Many of our loans are often secured by real estate primarily in our market areas. In instances where borrowers are unable to repay their loans and there has been deterioration in the value of loan collateral, we could experience higher loan losses which could have a material adverse effect on financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Significant stock market volatility could negatively affect our financial results. 
 
 Income from WM T constitutes approximately 41 of non-interest income. Trust AUM are expressed in terms of market value, and a significant portion of fee income is based upon those values, which generally fluctuate consistent with overall capital markets. 
 
 Capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption from time to time. These conditions may place downward pressure on credit availability, credit worthiness and customers inclinations to borrow. Prolonged volatility or a significant disruption could negatively impact customers ability to seek new loans or to repay existing loans. Personal wealth of many borrowers and guarantors has historically added a source of financial strength to certain loans and would be negatively impacted by severe market declines. Sustained reliance on personal assets to make loan payments would result in deterioration of their liquidity, and could result in loan defaults. 

13

Table of Contents 

The value of our investment securities may be negatively affected by factors outside of our control and impairment of these securities could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of our investment securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in market interest rates, rating agency actions, defaults by issuers or with respect to underlying securities, volatility and liquidity within capital markets and changes in local, regional, national or international economic conditions. Impairment to the fair value of these securities can result in realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill, other intangible assets or deferred tax assets could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. In the event that we conclude that all or a portion of our goodwill may be impaired, a non-cash charge for the amount of such impairment would be recorded to earnings. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital. At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had goodwill of 194 million. 
 
 Bancorp s intangible assets primarily relate to core deposits and customer relationships. Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on an accelerated basis over their estimated life. Intangible assets, premises and equipment and other long-lived assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicated the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. In the event that we conclude that all or a portion of our intangible assets may be impaired, a non-cash charge for the amount of such impairment would be recorded to earnings. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital. At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had intangible assets of 25 million. 
 
 In assessing the potential for realization of DTAs, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the DTAs will not be realized. Assessing the need for, or the sufficiency of, a valuation allowance requires management to evaluate all available evidence, both negative and positive, including whether future taxable income in sufficient amounts and character within the carryback and carryforward periods is available under tax law, including the use of tax planning strategies. We have concluded that, based on the level of positive evidence, it is more likely than not that at December 31, 2022 all DTAs will be realized. At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had DTAs totaling 54 million. 
 
 The impact of each of these impairment matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties and through transactions with counterparties in the bank and non-bank financial services industries, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional customers. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more bank or non-bank financial services companies, or bank or non-bank financial services industries in general, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and could result in losses or defaults by us or other institutions. These losses or defaults could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our mortgage banking line of business is highly dependent upon programs administered by the FNMA and FHLMC. Changes in existing U.S. government-sponsored mortgage programs or servicing eligibility standards could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our ability to generate revenue through mortgage loan sales to institutional investors depends to a significant degree on programs administered by the FNMA and FHLMC. These entities play powerful roles in the residential mortgage industry and as a result, we have significant business relationships with them. Our status as an approved seller and servicer with both entities is subject to compliance with their selling and servicing guidelines. 

14

Table of Contents 

Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction or material change in, the operation of the FNMA and FHLMC, or any significant adverse change in the level of activity in the secondary mortgage market or the underwriting criteria of the FNMA or FHLMC would likely prevent us from originating and selling most, if not all, of our mortgage loan originations. 
 
 Derivatives associated with our mortgage banking line of business subject us to interest rate and counter-party risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mortgage banking derivatives used in the ordinary course of business consist primarily of mandatory forward sales contracts and interest rate lock loan commitments. Mandatory forward contracts represent future loan commitments to deliver loans at a specified price and date and are used to manage interest rate risk on loan commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. Interest rate lock loan commitments represent commitments to fund loans at a specific rate. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on loans held for sale and rate lock loan commitments. As market interest rates fluctuate, the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and rate lock commitments will decline or increase. To offset this interest rate risk, we enter into derivatives, such as mandatory forward contracts to sell loans. The fair value of these mandatory forward contracts will fluctuate as market interest rates fluctuate, and the change in the value of these instruments is expected to largely, though not entirely, offset the change in fair value of loans held for sale and rate lock commitments. While the objective of this activity is to minimize the exposure to losses on rate lock loan commitments and loans held for sale due to market interest rate fluctuations, the net effect of derivatives on earnings depends on risk management activities and a variety of other factors, including: market interest rate volatility; the amount of rate lock commitments that close; the ability to fill the forward contracts before expiration; and the time period required to close and sell loans. The extent to which these derivatives do not offset each other could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Mandatory forward contracts also contain an element of risk in that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In the event the counterparties fail to deliver commitments or are unable to fulfill their obligations, we could potentially incur significant additional costs by replacing the positions at then-current market rates, adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changing industry trends related to consumer deposit relationships could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Competitive factors surrounding the developing trend of financial institutions reducing or eliminating certain deposit account fees, particularly overdraft-related fees, presents a significant challenge to maintaining deposit-related non-interest income in the future and potentially threatens a revenue stream that has been in an industry-wide, regulation-driven decline for several years. Strategic decisions surrounding this trend may impact not only deposit-related income, but also deposit relationships in general, particularly for retail customers. 
 
 Any elimination of, or reduction or material change to, the fees we charge for certain deposit-related services could result in a significant decline of non-interest income. Failure to closely monitor, and appropriately adapt to, changes in industry practices and consumer behavior could have an adverse impact on our performance. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 Acquisitions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 An institution that we acquire may have asset quality issues or contingent liabilities that we did not discover or fully recognize in the due diligence process, thereby resulting in unanticipated losses. Acquisitions of other institutions also typically require integration of different corporate cultures, loan and deposit products, pricing strategies, data processing systems and other technologies, accounting, compliance, internal audit and financial reporting systems, operating systems and internal controls, marketing programs and personnel of the acquired institution. The integration process is complicated and time consuming and could divert our attention from other business concerns and may be disruptive to our customers and customers of the acquired institution. Our failure to successfully integrate an acquired institution could result in loss of key customers and employees, and prevent us from achieving expected synergies and cost savings. We may finance acquisitions with borrowed funds, thereby increasing our leverage and reducing liquidity, or with potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. 

15

Table of Contents 

Competition with other financial institutions could adversely affect profitability. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more so as a result of earnings pressure from peer organizations, legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. We face vigorous competition in price and structure of financial products from banks and other financial institutions. In recent years, credit unions have expanded their lending mix and now compete heavily with banks in the CRE lending market. Non-traditional providers high risk tolerance for fixed rate, long-term loans has adversely affected our net loan growth and results of operations. We also compete with other non-traditional providers of financial services, such as brokerage firms and insurance companies. As internet-based financial services continue to grow in acceptance, we must remain relevant as an institution where consumers and businesses value personal service while other institutions offer these services without human interaction. The variety of sources of competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking services, increase operational costs through expanded product offerings, reduce market share and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 
 Our performance is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Competition for qualified employees in the industry and markets in which we engage can be intense, and we may not be able to retain or hire the individuals wanted or needed for certain positions. Changes in the labor market and general employment trends, including elevated employee attrition, labor availability and wage inflation, also present challenges to our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 
 If we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain the Company s competitive position, our performance, including the Company s competitive position, could suffer, and, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to liquidity risks. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of our loans and investment securities, respectively, to ensure we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, sales of investment securities, FHLB advances, sales of loans and other sources could have a significant negative effect on our liquidity. 
 
 We are dependent on large commercial deposit relationships as a primary funding source. Approximately 47 of our total deposits are centralized in accounts with balances 500,000 or greater. We categorize these deposits as core funds, as they represent long-standing, full-service relationships and are a testament to our commitment to partner with business customers by providing exemplary service and competitive products. A sudden shift in customer behavior within these deposits resulting in balances being reduced or exiting Bancorp altogether could impact our ability to capitalize on growth opportunities and meet current obligations. We have secondary funding sources to draw upon as needed, but the cost of those funds would be higher than typical deposit accounts, which would negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 After experiencing record levels of excess liquidity in 2021, liquidity began normalizing in the latter half of 2022, and we expect continued normalization as we enter 2023. Should loan demand not meet desired levels, excess liquidity must be invested in an effort to maximize return. The risks associated with such investment include the inability to find alternative options suitable to our risk profile, investing in alternatives that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, and liquidity risk associated with any specific investment. Further, holding elevated levels of liquidity can have a significant impact on our NIM and result in additional margin compression. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are critical to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
 
 Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying these accounting policies and methods so they comply with GAAP. 

16

Table of Contents 

We have identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, or reducing a liability. We have established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well-controlled and applied consistently. 
 
 Policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the uncertainty surrounding judgments and estimates pertaining to these matters, there can be no assurances that actual our results will not differ from those estimates. See the section titled Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
 
 An extended disruption of vital infrastructure could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations depend upon, among other things, infrastructure, including equipment and facilities. Extended disruption of vital infrastructure by fire, power loss, natural disaster, telecommunications failure, information systems breaches, corporate account take-over, terrorist activity or the domestic and foreign response to such activity, or other events outside of our control could have a material adverse impact on the financial services industry, the economy as a whole or on our financial condition and results of operations. Our business continuity plan may not work as intended or may not prevent significant interruption of operations. Occurrence of any failures or interruptions of information systems could damage our reputation, result in loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Security breaches or incidences of fraud could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our assets, which are at risk for cyber-attacks, include financial assets and non-public information belonging to customers. Cyber security risks include cyber espionage, blackmail, ransom, theft, and corporate account takeovers. We employ many preventive and detective controls to protect our assets, and provide mandatory recurring information security training for all employees. We have invested in multiple preventative tools in an attempt to protect customers from cyber threats and corporate account takeover and regularly provide educational information regarding cyber threats to customers. We utilize multiple third-party vendors who have access to ours assets via electronic media. While we require third parties, many of whom are small companies, to have similar or superior controls in place, there is no guarantee that a breach of information could not occur. Activities of the Bank that subject Bancorp to risk of fraud by customers, employees, vendors, or members of the general public include ACH transactions, wire transactions, ATM/ITM transactions, checking transactions, credit card transactions and loan originations. Repeated incidences of fraud or a single large occurrence could adversely impact our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent upon outside third parties for processing and handling of the Company s records and data. 
 
 We rely on software developed by third-party vendors to process various transactions. In some cases, we have contracted with third parties to run their proprietary software on our behalf. While we perform a review of controls instituted by applicable vendors over these programs in accordance with industry standards and performs testing of user controls, we rely on continued maintenance of controls by these third-party vendors, including safeguards over security of client data. We may incur a temporary disruption in our ability to conduct business or process transactions, or incur reputational damage, if a third-party vendor fails to adequately maintain internal controls or institute necessary changes to systems. Such a disruption or breach of security could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, if these third-party service providers experience difficulties, or should terminate their services, and we are unable to replace them on a timely basis, our business operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, or if we incurred excessive costs involved with replacing third-party service provider, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

17

Table of Contents 

Our ability to stay current on technological changes in order to compete and meet customer demands is constantly being challenged. 
 
 The financial services industry is constantly undergoing rapid technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Future success of Bancorp will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by utilizing technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as to create additional operational efficiencies and greater privacy and security protection for customers and their personal information. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services as quickly as competitors or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. We rely on third party providers for many of our technology-driven banking products and services. Some of these companies may be slow to respond with upgrades or enhancements to their products to keep pace with improvements in technology or the introduction of competing products. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could impair our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in customer use of banks could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The rapid evolution of non-bank alternatives for initiation and completion of financial transactions puts us at risk of losing sources of revenue and funding. The ability of customers to pay bills, deposit and transfer funds, and purchase assets without utilizing the banking system could result in loss of fee income, deposits, and loans. If we are unable to continue timely development of competitive new products and services, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes to or lack of compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. Any change to, or addition of, applicable regulations or federal or state legislation could have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on the ability to pay dividends and the requirement to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including branching and acquisitions. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any change or potential enactment of tax legislation, or changes in the interpretation of existing tax law, including provisions impacting tax rates, apportionment, consolidation or combination, income, expense, credits and exemptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Transactions between Bancorp and its insurance subsidiary, the Captive, may be subject to certain IRS responsibilities and penalties. 
 
 The Captive, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company that provides insurance against certain risks unique to operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. The Treasury Department of the United States and the IRS by way of Notice 2016-66 have stated that transactions believed to be similar in nature to transactions between Bancorp and the Captive may be deemed transactions of interest because such transactions may have potential for tax avoidance or evasion. If the IRS ultimately concludes such transactions do create violations of the tax code, the Company could be subject to the payment of penalties and interest. 

18

Table of Contents 

We are subject to litigation risk and reputational risk pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 
 From time to time, customers may make claims and take legal action pertaining to our fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to our fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of us and our products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from regulators, investors and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from regulators, investors and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure. Additionally, concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts to mitigate those impacts. Failure to adapt or comply with related legislation, regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock price may fluctuate significantly, which could make it difficult for you to resell our common stock at times and/or prices acceptable to an investor. 
 
 The price of our common stock can fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, and we expect our stock price will continue to fluctuate in the future. Factors impacting the price of our common stock include, but are not limited to: 

actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; 

recommendations or research reports about Bancorp, or the financial services industry in general, published by securities analysts; 

the failure of securities analysts to cover, or continue covering, our business; 

news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry or markets in general; 

perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Bancorp, or our reputation, competitors or other financial institutions; 

actual or anticipated sales or issuance of our equity or equity-related securities; 

our past and future dividend practices; 

departure of our management team or other key personnel; 

new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; 

failure to integrate acquisitions or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions; 

existing or increased regulatory compliance requirements, changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations, or differing interpretations thereof, affecting our business, or enforcement of laws and regulations; and 

litigation and governmental investigations. 

General market fluctuations, industry factors, economic and political conditions and events, inflation and economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes and credit loss trends or fluctuations could also cause our stock price to decrease, regardless of operating results. 

19

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

The corporate headquarters of Bancorp are located at 1040 East Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky, a complex that also serves as the Bank s main branch. Bancorp s operations center is located at a separate location in Louisville. At December 31, 2022, in addition to the main office complex and the operations center, Bancorp owned 52 branches, seven of which are located on leased land. At that date, Bancorp also leased 21 branches. Of the 73 banking locations, 42 are located in our home market of Louisville, while 19, seven and five are located in our Central Kentucky, Cincinnati and Indianapolis markets, respectively. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

In the ordinary course of operations, Bancorp and the Bank are defendants in various legal proceedings. There is no proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of management, threatened in which an adverse decision could result in a material adverse change in the business or consolidated financial position of Bancorp or the Bank. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

NA 

20

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Bancorp s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol SYBT. On December 31, 2022, Bancorp had approximately 2,200 shareholders of record, and approximately 12,300 beneficial owners holding shares in nominee or street name. 
 
 The following table shows information relating to the repurchase of shares of common stock by Bancorp during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Total number of shares purchased (1) 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

Average price paid per share 

Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1 - October 31 

14,041 

78.44 

November 1 - November 30 

1,864 

75.22 

December 1 - December 31 

510 

50.57 

Total 

16,415 

77.21 

741,196 

(1) 
 Shares repurchased during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 represent shares withheld to pay taxes due. 

Effective May 22, 2019, Bancorp s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of 1 million shares, or approximately 4 of Bancorp s total common shares outstanding at the time. Stock repurchases are expected to be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to applicable securities laws. The plan, which was extended in May 2021 and will expire in May 2023 unless otherwise extended or completed at an earlier date, does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares prior to the plan s expiration. No shares were repurchased in 2021, nor in 2022. Approximately 741,000 shares remain eligible for repurchase. 
 
 There were no equity securities of the registrant sold without registration during the quarter covered by this report. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.29 per common share. 
 
 The following performance graphs and data shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed soliciting material or subject to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 The first graph compares performance of Bancorp s Common Stock to the Russell 2000 Index, the S P U.S BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index and the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index for the last five fiscal years. The graph assumes the value of the investment in Bancorp s Common Stock and in each index was 100 at December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 In addition to the five-year period presented, the ten-year period is presented because it provides additional perspective, and Bancorp management believes that longer-term performance is of interest. The ten-year graph assumes the value of the investment in Bancorp s Common Stock and in each respective index was 100 at December 31, 2012 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

21

Table of Contents 

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 

100.00 

89.43 

115.12 

117.03 

188.38 

195.24 

Russell 2000 Index 

100.00 

88.99 

111.70 

134.00 

153.85 

122.41 

S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index 

100.00 

85.39 

111.10 

95.52 

126.19 

108.91 

KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 

100.00 

82.29 

112.01 

100.46 

138.97 

109.23 

Period Ending 

Index 
 
 12/31/12 

12/31/13 

12/31/14 

12/31/15 

12/31/16 

12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 

100.00 

146.91 

157.98 

183.95 

350.73 

287.74 

257.33 

331.21 

336.75 

542.02 

561.76 

Russell 2000 Index 

100.00 

138.82 

145.62 

139.19 

168.85 

193.58 

172.26 

216.23 

259.39 

297.83 

236.96 

S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index 

100.00 

136.91 

148.84 

151.10 

201.89 

216.95 

185.26 

241.02 

207.22 

273.77 

236.27 

KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 

100.00 

137.75 

150.65 

151.39 

194.56 

230.73 

189.86 

258.45 

231.79 

320.64 

252.03 

22

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp or the Company ), is a FHC headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky and is engaged in the business of banking through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Stock Yards Bank Trust Company SYB or the Bank and SYB Insurance Company, Inc. the Captive ). Bancorp, which was incorporated in 1988 in Kentucky, is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. As Bancorp has no significant operations of its own, its business is essentially that of SYB and the Captive. The operations of SYB and the Captive are fully reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Bancorp. Accordingly, references to Bancorp in this document may encompass both the holding company and its subsidiaries, however, it should be noted that the business of the Captive is immaterial to the overall results of operations and financial condition of Bancorp. All significant inter-company transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 SYB, established in 1904, is a state-chartered non-member financial institution that provides services in Louisville, central, eastern and northern Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets through 73 full service banking center locations. The Bank is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the FDIC and the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions. 
 
 The Captive, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company that provides insurance against certain risks unique to operations of the Company and its subsidiaries for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. The Captive pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. The Captive is subject to regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. It has elected to be taxed under Section 831(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. Pursuant to Section 831(b), if gross premiums do not exceed 2,450,000, then the Captive is taxable solely on its investment income. The Captive is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and its federal income tax return. 
 
 As a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. on March 7, 2022, Bancorp became the 100 successor owner of three unconsolidated Delaware trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings exchanged for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. 
 
 Also as a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc., Bancorp acquired a 60 interest in Landmark Financial Advisors, LLC (LFA), which is based in Bowling Green, Kentucky and provides wealth management services. LFA is consolidated into the Company. The 40 non-controlling interest is presented within the consolidated financial statements and represents the interest in LFA not owned by Bancorp. Effective December 31, 2022, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 870,000 recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. This acquired line of business was not within the Company s geographic footprint and ultimately did not align with the Company s long-term strategic model. Net income related to LFA and attributable to Bancorp s 60 interest, excluding the pre-tax loss on disposition noted above, totaled 483,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying Footnotes presented in Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

23

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This document contains statements relating to future results of Bancorp that are considered forward-looking as defined by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The forward-looking statements are principally, but not exclusively, contained in Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the statement. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, can, conclude, continue, could, estimate, expect, foresee, goal, intend, may, might, outlook, possible, plan, predict, project, potential, seek, should, target, will, will likely, would, or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. 
 
 Forward-looking statements detail management s expectations regarding the future and are based on information known to management only as of the date the statements are made and management undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date forward-looking statements are made, except as required by applicable regulation. 
 
 There is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements include, among other things: 

Changes in, or forecasts of, future political and economic conditions, inflation or recession and efforts to control related developments; 

changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof; 

accuracy of assumptions and estimates used in establishing the ACL for loans, ACL for off-balance sheet credit exposures and other estimates; 

impairment of investment securities; 

impairment of goodwill, MSRs, other intangible assets and/or DTAs; 

ability to effectively navigate an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruptions; 

changes in fiscal, monetary, and/or regulatory policies; 

changes in tax polices including but not limited to changes in federal and state statutory rates; 

behavior of securities and capital markets, including changes in interest rates, market volatility and liquidity; 

ability to effectively manage capital and liquidity; 

long-term and short-term interest rate fluctuations, as well as the shape of the U.S. Treasury yield curve; 

the magnitude and frequency of changes to the FFTR implemented by the Federal Open Market Committee of the FRB; 

competitive product and pricing pressures; 

projections of revenue, expenses, capital expenditures, losses, EPS, dividends, capital structure, etc.; 

integration of acquired financial institutions, businesses or future acquisitions; 

changes in the credit quality of Bancorp s customers and counterparties, deteriorating asset quality and charge-off levels; 

changes in technology instituted by Bancorp, its counterparties or competitors; 

changes to or the effectiveness of Bancorp s overall internal control environment; 

adequacy of Bancorp s risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 

changes in applicable accounting standards, including the introduction of new accounting standards; 

changes in investor sentiment or behavior; 

changes in consumer/business spending or savings behavior; 

ability to appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability concerns that may arise from business activities; 

occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities, including health emergencies, the spread of infectious diseases, pandemics or outbreaks of hostilities, and Bancorp s ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing; 

24

Table of Contents 

ability to maintain the security of its financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operational systems and facilities; 

ability to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of its operational systems or those of third parties; 

ability to effectively defend itself against cyberattacks or other attempts by unauthorized parties to access information of Bancorp, its vendors or its customers or to disrupt systems; 

other risks and uncertainties reported from time-to-time in Bancorp s filings with the SEC, including Part I Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. and its Subsidiary Commonwealth Bank Trust Company 

On March 7, 2022, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Commonwealth Bank Trust Company, collectively defined as CB, a Louisville, Kentucky-based commercial bank and trust company, which operated 15 retail branches, including nine in Jefferson County, four in Shelby County, and two in Northern Kentucky. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, CB had 1.34 billion in assets, 632 million in loans, 247 million in investment securities and 1.12 billion in deposits in addition to maintaining a WM T Department with total assets under management of approximately 2.65 billion. CB was also the holding company for three unconsolidated Delaware trust subsidiaries and held a 60 interest in LFA. Bancorp became the 100 successor owner of all three trust subsidiaries and also retained the 60 interest in LFA upon acquisition, the latter of which was disposed of effective December 31, 2022. Bancorp acquired all outstanding common stock of CB, Inc. in a combined stock and cash transaction that resulted in total consideration paid to CB shareholders of 168 million. 
 
 Bancorp recorded goodwill of approximately 67 million and incurred merger related expenses totaling 19.5 million during the first quarter of 2022 as a result of the CB acquisition. As a result of Bancorp s disposition of its partial interest in LFA, which resulted in a pre-tax loss of 870,000 recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, goodwill totaling 8.5 million was written off, bringing total goodwill related to the CB acquisition to 58 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The acquisition of CB has had a significant impact on the ACL and credit loss provisioning in 2022. In total, the CB acquisition served to increase the ACL on loans by 14 million at acquisition date. This increase consisted of 10 million attributed to the acquired PCD loan portfolio, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense), and 4.4 million of provision for credit loss expense attributed to the acquired non-PCD portfolio, which represented the acquisition-related credit loss expense at the time of acquisition. 

Acquisition of Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. and its Subsidiary Kentucky Bank 

On May 31, 2021, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Kentucky Bank, collectively defined as KB, a Paris, Kentucky-based commercial bank and trust company, which operated 19 retail branches throughout central and eastern Kentucky. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, KB had 1.27 billion in assets, 755 million in loans, 396 million in investment securities and 1.04 billion in deposits. KB was also the holding company for an insurance captive, which Bancorp retained and renamed SYB Insurance Company, Inc. Bancorp acquired all outstanding common stock of KB in a combined stock and cash transaction that resulted in total consideration paid to KB shareholders of 233 million. 
 
 Bancorp recorded goodwill of approximately 123 million and incurred merger related expenses totaling 18.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the KB acquisition. 
 
 The acquisition of KB had a significant impact on the ACL and credit loss provisioning for the year ended December 31, 2021. In total, the KB acquisition served to increase the ACL by 14 million at acquisition date. This increase consisted of 7 million attributed to the acquired PCD loan portfolio, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense), and 7.4 million of provision for credit loss expense attributed to the acquired non-PCD portfolio, which represented the acquisition-related credit loss expense at the time of acquisition. 

25

Table of Contents 

Issued but Not Yet Effective Accounting Standards Updates 

For disclosure regarding the impact to Bancorp s financial statements of issued-but-not-yet-effective ASUs, see the Footnote titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Bancorp s consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported periods. 
 
 Management continually evaluates its accounting policies and estimates that it uses to prepare the consolidated financial statements. In general, management s estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience, accounting and regulatory guidance, and information obtained from independent third-party professionals. Actual results may differ from those estimates made by management. 
 
 Critical accounting policies are those that management believes are the most important to the portrayal of Bancorp s financial condition and operating results and require management to make estimates that are difficult, subjective and complex. Most accounting policies are not considered by management to be critical accounting policies. Several factors are considered in determining whether or not a policy is critical in the preparation of the financial statements. These factors include, among other things, whether the estimates have a significant impact on the financial statements, the nature of the estimates, the ability to readily validate the estimates with other information including independent third parties or available pricing, sensitivity of the estimates to changes in economic conditions and whether alternative methods of accounting may be utilized under GAAP. Management has discussed each critical accounting policy and the methodology for the identification and determination of critical accounting policies with Bancorp s Audit Committee. As of December 31, 2022, the significant accounting policies considered the most critical in preparing Bancorp s consolidated financial statements are the determination of the ACL on loans and Goodwill. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 On January 1, 2020, Bancorp adopted ASC 326 Financial Instruments Credit Losses, which created material changes to Bancorp s critical accounting policy that existed at December 31, 2019. 
 
 For purposes of establishing the general reserve, Bancorp stratifies the loan portfolio into homogeneous groups of loans that possess similar loss potential characteristics and calculates the net amount expected to be collected over the life of the loans to estimate the credit losses in the loan portfolio. Bancorp s methodologies for estimating the ACL on loans consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 The ACL on loans is established through credit loss expense charged to current earnings. The amount maintained in the ACL reflects management s estimate of the net amount not expected to be collected on the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date over the life of the loan. The ACL is comprised of specific reserves assigned to certain loans that do not share general risk characteristics and general reserves on pools of loans that do share general risk characteristics. Factors contributing to the determination of specific reserves include the creditworthiness of the borrower and more specifically, changes in the expected future receipt of principal and interest payments and/or in the value of pledged collateral. A reserve is recorded when the carrying amount of the loan exceeds the discounted estimated cash flows using the loan s initial effective interest rate, an expected loss ratio based on historical losses adjusted as appropriate for qualitative factors, or the fair value of the collateral for certain collateral-dependent loans. 
 
 Provision for credit losses can be subject to volatility as ACL calculations and the resulting expense are significantly impacted by changes in CECL model assumptions such as macroeconomic factors and conditions, credit quality and loan composition. Forecasted economic conditions have been generally volatile since Bancorp s adoption of CECL, as the pandemic, related government stimulus efforts, the Federal Reserve s efforts to combat inflation, and recession-based fears have driven constantly changing estimates of the economy over the past several years. 

26

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill resulting from business combinations represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill resulting from business combinations is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquire, over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually. Events that may trigger goodwill impairment include deterioration in economic conditions, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (i.e. stock price falling below tangible book value), negative trends in overall financial performance and regulatory action. 
 
 Bancorp has selected September 30 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite life on Bancorp s consolidated balance sheets. No impairment to Goodwill was indicated based on Bancorp s annual testing for 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had 194 million in goodwill recorded on its balance sheet. Goodwill totaling 67 million was recorded in association with the acquisition of CB in 2022, 8.5 million of which was subsequently written off as a result of the disposition of Bancorp s partial interest in LFA. Goodwill totaling 123 million was recorded in association with the acquisition of KB in 2021. Effective December 31, 2022, management finalized the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities associated with the CB acquisition in advance of the 12 month post-acquisition date, as allowed by GAAP. 

27

Table of Contents 

Business Segment Overview 

Bancorp is divided into two reportable segments: Commercial Banking and WM T: 
 
 Commercial Banking provides a full range of loan and deposit products to individual consumers and businesses in all its markets through retail lending, mortgage banking, deposit services, online banking, mobile banking, private banking, commercial lending, commercial real estate lending, leasing, treasury management services, merchant services, international banking, correspondent banking and other banking services. The Bank also offers securities brokerage services via its banking center network through an arrangement with a third party broker-dealer in the Commercial Banking segment. 
 
 WM T provides investment management, financial retirement planning and trust estate services, as well as retirement plan management for businesses and corporations in all markets in which Bancorp operates. The magnitude of WM T revenue distinguishes Bancorp from other community banks of similar asset size. 

Overview Operating Results (FTE) 

The following table presents an overview Bancorp s financial performance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Years Ended December 31, 

Variance 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 / 2021 

2021 / 2020 

Net income available to stockholders 

92,972 

74,645 

58,869 

25 

27 

Diluted earnings per share 

3.21 

2.97 

2.59 

8 

15 

ROA 

1.25 

1.33 

1.40 

(8)bps 

(7)bps 

ROE 

12.58 

13.02 

14.01 

(44)bps 

(99)bps 

Additional discussion follows under the section titled Results of Operations. 
 
 General highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021: 

Bancorp completed its acquisition of CB on March 7, 2022. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, CB had approximately 1.34 billion in assets, 632 million in loans, 247 million in investment securities and 1.12 billion in deposits. 

o 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 included approximately ten months of activity associated with the CB acquisition, which contributed meaningfully to results for the year. In addition, one-time merger-related expenses totaling 19.5 million and credit loss expense on the acquired loan portfolio of 4.4 million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Bancorp completed its acquisition of KB on May 31, 2021. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, KB had approximately 1.27 billion in assets, 755 million in loans, 396 million in investments securities and 1.04 billion in deposits. 

o 
 The year ended December 31, 2021 included approximately seven months of activity associated with the KB acquisition, which had a meaningful impact on results for 2021 and 2022. In addition, one-time merger-related expenses totaling 19.0 million and credit loss expense on the acquired loan portfolio of 7.4 million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In 2022, Bancorp set the following financial records : 

o 
 Total revenue, comprising net interest income FTE and non-interest income, of 323.4 million, surpassing the previous record of 237.4 million in 2021. 

o 
 Net income of 93.0 million, and as a result, diluted EPS of 3.21, besting the previous records of 74.6 million and diluted EPS of 2.97 from 2021. 

o 
 Record loan production, which drove 529 million of legacy portfolio growth (excluding PPP) and, combined with the acquisition of CB, led to record total loans of 5.21 billion at December 31, 2022. 

o 
 WM T AUM totaled 6.59 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.78 billion compared to prior year. While approximately 2.65 billion of AUM were added through the CB acquisition, significant market declines during the year ended December 31, 2022 partially offset organic and acquisition-related growth. 

28

Table of Contents 

o 
 WM T services income of 36.1 million, which was driven by both organic and acquisition-related growth despite significant market downturns during the year. 

o 
 Debit and credit card income of 18.6 million, supported by organic and acquisition-related growth in transaction volume and customer base. 

o 
 Treasury Management fee income of 8.6 million, led by increased transaction volume, new product sales and both organic and acquisition-related expansion of the customer base. 

NIM increased 13 bps to 3.35 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.22 for the prior year consistent the average balance sheet expansion and upward movement in interest rates experienced over the year. Net interest income FTE totaled 234.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 62.8 million, or 37 , over the prior year. 

o 
 This increase was driven by both organic and acquisition-related growth and the aforementioned rise in interest rates, which more than offset the increase in interest-bearing deposit costs and the substantial decline in PPP-related interest income. 

Total loans increased 1.04 billion, or 25 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021, driven by the addition of 632 million in loans from the CB acquisition and strong organic loan portfolio growth. 

Total provision for credit losses totaled 10.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to negative provision of 753,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

o 
 Provision for credit loss expense of 4.4 million was recorded in relation to the loan portfolio added through the CB acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, increasing unemployment forecasts driven by inflation and recession-based concerns, coupled with strong organic loan growth, served to increase expense for 2022. 

o 
 While provision of 7.4 million was recorded in relation to the loan portfolio added through the KB acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021, it was offset by a cumulative net benefit of 8.2 million recorded for credit losses on loans and credit losses on off balance sheet exposures, which was driven by stabilizing unemployment forecasts, generally improving CECL model loss factors and line of credit utilization. 

Bancorp s ACL on loans to total loans was 1.41 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.29 at December 31, 2021, the increase stemming mainly from acquisition-related activity within the ACL on loans, strong organic growth and to a lesser extent, the aforementioned increase in projected unemployment forecasts. 

Total deposits increased 604 million, or 10 , at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Approximately 1.12 billion of deposits were added as a result of the CB acquisition. Excluding acquisition-related activity, period-end deposit balances declined in 2022, as the elevated customer balances experienced toward the end of 2021 have moderated, primarily due to contraction in non-interest bearing demand deposits. While Bancorp has not experienced fallout within the customer base, we anticipate deposit pricing will be a challenge to future NIM expansion. 

Non-interest income increased 23.3 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, as 2022 benefitted from both significant contributions stemming from acquisition-related activity and organic growth. All non-interest income revenue streams experienced significant increases over the prior year, with the exception of mortgage banking, which experienced a significant decline in volume driven by rising rates compared to the historic low rates that benefitted much of 2021. In addition, non-recurring gains totaling 4.4 million were recorded during the year as a result of selling overlapping acquired properties. 

Non-interest expenses increased 49.5 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. While both years experienced elevated non-interest expense as a result of merger-related expenses, most non-interest expense categories experienced significant increases over the prior year as a result of anticipated acquisition-related expansion. In addition, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA, which was acquired as part of the CB acquisition was sold effective December 31, 2022, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 870,000. Non-interest expenses in general remained well-controlled and consistent with expansion, strong performance and continued investment in technology. 

Bancorp s efficiency ratio (FTE) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 59.30 compared to 59.94 for the year ended December 31, 2021, the elevated ratios being the result of one-time merger-related expenses recorded in relation to the respective acquisitions in both years. Bancorp also considers an adjusted efficiency ratio, which eliminates net gains (losses) on sales and calls of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of acquired premises and equipment and disposition of any acquired assets, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses. Bancorp s adjusted efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 53.62 compared to 51.77 for the year ended December 31, 2021. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 

29

Table of Contents 

Total stockholder s equity to total assets was 10.14 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 10.17 at December 31, 2021. Total equity increased to 760 million in 2022, driven by the issuance of 134 million in stock for the acquisition of CB and net income of 93.0 million, which were partially offset by a 108 million negative change in AOCI and 33 million of dividends declared. The large decline in AOCI from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was the result of the rising interest rate environment and its corresponding impact on the valuation of the AFS debt securities portfolio. 
 
 TCE is a measure of a company s capital, which is useful in evaluating the quality and adequacy of capital. Bancorp s ratio of TCE to total tangible assets was 7.44 as of December 31, 2022, compared with 8.22 at December 31, 2021, the decline driven by both the large interest-rate driven changes in AOCI noted above and acquisition-related growth. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 General highlights for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020: 

Bancorp completed its acquisition of KB on May 31, 2021. At the time of acquisition and net of purchase accounting adjustments, KB had approximately 1.27 billion in assets, 755 million in loans, 396 million in investment securities and 1.04 billion in deposits. 

o 
 The year ended December 31, 2021 included approximately seven months of activity associated with the KB acquisition, which had a meaningful impact on results for 2021. In addition, one-time merger-related expenses totaling 18.1 million and credit loss expense on the acquired loan portfolio of 7.4 million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net income totaled 74.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in diluted EPS of 2.97, a 15 increase from the prior year. Operating results of the year ended December 31, 2021 were significantly impacted by the acquisition of KB, PPP forgiveness activity, negative provision expense and strong organic growth. Operating results for the year ended December 31, 2020 were lower compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased credit loss provisioning and reserves for off-balance sheet credit exposures associated with the then uncertain pandemic-related economic conditions and a substantially lower interest rate environment. 

NIM decreased 17 bps to 3.22 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.39 for the prior year, consistent with the sustained low interest rate environment and elevated levels of excess liquidity, which created significant NIM compression. Despite the decrease in NIM, organic loan growth, the KB acquisition, fee income associated with PPP loans and deposit rate cuts resulted in a 35.2 million, or 26 , increase in net interest income compared to the prior year. 

Total loans (excluding PPP loans) increased 1.05 billion, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to December 31, 2020. While approximately 755 million of this growth was attributed to the KB acquisition, the remaining 291 million was attributed to strong organic growth. 

Total provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 753,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. While provision expense of 7.4 million was recorded in relation to the acquired KB loan portfolio, it was more than offset by an 8.2 million net benefit driven by stabilized unemployment forecasts, generally improving CECL model factors and stronger line of credit utilization. By comparison, 18.4 million of provision for credit loss expense was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was impacted by the adoption of CECL effective January 1, 2020, and subsequent pandemic-related developments, such as elevated unemployment and historic declines in line of credit utilization. 

C I line of credit utilization improved to 32 at December 31, 2021, up from 26 at December 31, 2020. The onset of the pandemic in 2020 and the resulting excess liquidity stemming from the PPP resulted in gradually declining levels of utilization that bottomed out in March of 2021, improving thereafter in each of the final three quarters of 2021. Despite this improvement, utilization remained well below pre-pandemic levels throughout 2021. 

30

Table of Contents 

Total deposits increased 1.80 billion, or 45 , at December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020. Approximately 1.04 billion of this growth was attributed to the KB acquisition, while significant organic growth was also experienced during the year, stemming mainly from PPP funding and significant federal stimulus. 

Non-interest income increased 14.0 million, or 27 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. While the KB acquisition drove a substantial contribution to non-interest income, significant organic growth was also experienced across all non-interest revenue streams, with the exception of mortgage banking. 

Non-interest expenses increased 40.6 million, or 40 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, 19.0 million of which related to one-time merger related expenses (including expenses related to the CB acquisition). While recurring expenses attributed to the KB acquisition comprised the majority of the remaining increase, non-interest expenses in general remained well-controlled and consistent with expansion, strong performance and a continued investment in technology. 

Bancorp s efficiency ratio (FTE) for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased to 59.94 from 54.06 for the prior year due to one-time merger-related expenses incurred as a result of the KB acquisition. Bancorp also considers an adjusted efficiency ratio, which eliminates net gains (losses) on sales and calls of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of acquired premises and equipment, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses. Bancorp s adjusted efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 51.77 compared to 52.42 for the same period of 2020. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 

The ETR increased to 21.75 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 13.10 for the prior year. The increase was driven by the combination of Bancorp s transition from a capital-based franchise tax to the Kentucky corporate income tax effective January 1, 2021 and a large historic tax credit project that provided significant benefit in the prior year. 

Total stockholder s equity to total assets was 10.17 as of December 31, 2021 compared to 9.56 at December 31, 2020. Total equity increased 235 million in 2021, driven by the issuance of 205 million in stock for the acquisition of KB and net income of 74.6 million, which were partially offset by 28 million of dividends declared, changes in AOCI and stock-based compensation activity. 
 
 Bancorp s ratio of TCE to total tangible assets was 8.22 as of December 31, 2021, compared with 9.28 at December 31, 2020, the decline driven by acquisition-related growth. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 

31

Table of Contents 

Challenges for 2023: 
 
 Bancorp has identified the following challenges for fiscal year 2023: 

The FRB s efforts to control inflation, which has reached its highest levels in decades, and its corresponding impact on local, national and global economic conditions will present numerous challenges in 2023. The possibility of recession, given an already-inverted yield curve and a forecast for continued rate increases, could threaten loan demand, subdue business and consumer spending, and create significant volatility for the markets in general. Further, the severity of a potential recession and its effect on the unemployment forecast, the primary loss driver within Bancorp s ACL model, could result in substantially higher ACL provisioning. 

The prospects of further interest rate increases in 2023 also present interest rate risk management challenges. Pricing pressure/competition for both loans and deposits, changing levels of liquidity within the banking system and an inverted yield curve could place pressure on NIM. Further rate increases could also serve to hamper loan demand and/or drive up the low cost of funds that Bancorp derives from its deposit base. 

Migration of deposits out of Bancorp, as customers pursue higher deposit rates or alternative investments, could impact liquidity and earnings as Bancorp competes for deposits. Changes in the mix of deposits could also result in increased average rates paid on deposits, and lower earnings to Bancorp, should non-interest deposits shift into interest-bearing products. 

Net loan growth is a major focus for Bancorp in 2023. This will be impacted by competition, prevailing interest rates, economic conditions, line of credit utilization and loan prepayments. Bancorp believes there is continued opportunity for loan growth in all of its markets. Bancorp s ability to deliver attractive loan growth over the long-term is linked to Bancorp s overall success. 

The continued development of the relationships and opportunities presented by the CB and KB acquisitions remains a priority for 2023. The Company s growing footprint has allowed Bancorp to provide broader product offerings, increased lending capabilities and an expanded branch delivery system to existing and prospective customers alike, creating solid growth opportunities and a larger platform for future expansion. Prioritizing the development of the opportunities afforded by the CB and KB acquisitions will play a major role in delivering strong operating results in the coming year. 

Bancorp derives significant non-interest income from WM T services. Most of these fees are based upon the market value of AUM at respective period ends. Absent fixed income and equity market movements, to grow this revenue stream, Bancorp must attract new customers and retain existing customers. Bancorp believes there is opportunity for growth of the WM T business in all of its markets. Growth in market values of AUM and fees is dependent upon positive returns in the overall capital markets, which could be threatened should economic conditions worsen. Bancorp has no control over market volatility. 

Competitive factors surrounding the developing trend of financial institutions reducing or eliminating certain deposit account fees, particularly overdraft-related fees, presents a significant challenge to growing deposit-related non-interest income in the future and potentially threatens a revenue stream that has been in an industry-wide, regulation-driven decline for several years. Strategic decisions surrounding this trend may impact not only deposit-related income, but also deposit relationships in general, particularly for retail customers, as consumer use of these bank deposit services continues to evolve. Continuous monitoring of these trends and evaluation of any potential changes to our deposit service fee structure will play a key role in the growth of Bancorp s deposit service charge income. 

Technological advances are consistently providing opportunities for Bancorp to consider potential new products and delivery channels. Bancorp s customers demand for innovative and relevant products and services is expected to trend along with changing technology. Bancorp will need to continue to make prudent investments in technology while managing associated risks so as to remain competitive with other financial service providers, especially as Bancorp s continued expansion raises the level of expectation from customers. 

Over the past several years, Bancorp s asset quality metrics have trended within a low range, exceeding benchmarks and reaching historically strong levels. Bancorp realizes that present asset quality metrics are positive and, recognizing the cyclical nature of the lending business and current economic conditions, Bancorp anticipates this trend will likely normalize over time. 

32

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

Net Interest Income - Overview 
 
 As is the case with most banks, Bancorp s primary revenue sources are net interest income and fee income from various financial services provided to customers. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investment securities and other interest earning assets less interest expense on deposit accounts and other interest bearing liabilities. Loan volume and interest rates earned on those loans are critical to overall profitability. Similarly, deposit volume is crucial to funding loans and rates paid on deposits directly impact profitability. New business volume is influenced by numerous economic factors including market interest rates, business spending, liquidity, consumer confidence and various competitive conditions within the marketplace. The discussion that follows is based on FTE net interest income data. 
 
 Comparative information regarding net interest income follows: 

As of and for the Years Ended December 31, 

Variance 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 / 2021 

2021 / 2020 

Net interest income 

233,383 

171,074 

135,921 

36 

26 

Net interest income (FTE) 

234,267 

171,508 

136,133 

37 

26 

Net interest spread (FTE) 

3.21 

3.16 

3.22 

5 
 bps 
 
 (6) 
 bps 

Net interest margin (FTE) 

3.35 

3.22 

3.39 

13 
 bps 
 
 (17) 
 bps 

Average interest earning assets 

6,987,365 

5,318,968 

4,019,336 

31 

32 

Average interest bearing liabilities 

4,538,911 

3,391,709 

2,618,848 

34 

30 

Five year Treasury note rate at year end 

3.99 

1.26 

0.36 

273 
 bps 
 
 90 
 bps 

Average five year Treasury note rate 

3.00 

0.86 

0.53 

214 
 bps 
 
 33 
 bps 

Prime rate at year end 

7.50 

3.25 

3.25 

425 
 bps 
 
 - 
 bps 

Average Prime rate 

4.85 

3.25 

3.53 

160 
 bps 
 
 (28) 
 bps 

One month term SOFR at year end 

4.36 

0.06 

0.07 

430 
 bps 
 
 (1) 
 bps 

Average one month term SOFR 

1.99 

0.04 

0.35 

195 
 bps 
 
 (31) 
 bps 

One month term LIBOR at year end 

4.39 

0.10 

0.14 

429 
 bps 
 
 (4) 
 bps 

Average one month term LIBOR 

1.92 

0.10 

0.52 

182 
 bps 
 
 (42) 
 bps 

See table titled, "Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rates (FTE)" for detail of Net interest income (FTE) . 
 
 NIM and net interest spread calculations above exclude the sold portion of certain participation loans, which totaled 5 million, 5 million and 8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These sold loans are on Bancorp s balance sheet as required by GAAP because Bancorp retains some form of effective control; however, Bancorp receives no interest income on the sold portion. These participation loans sold are excluded from NIM and spread analysis, because Bancorp believes it provides a more accurate depiction of loan portfolio performance. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Bancorp s loan portfolio consisted of approximately 71 fixed and 29 variable rate loans. At inception, most of Bancorp s fixed rate loans are priced in relation to the five year treasury. Bancorp s variable rate loans are indexed to either Prime, LIBOR or SOFR, generally repricing as those rates change. 
 
 Prime rate, the five year Treasury note rate, one month term LIBOR and one month term SOFR are included in the table above to provide a general indication of the interest rate environment in which Bancorp has operated during the past three years, a period that experienced significant interest rate volatility, denoted by the FRB s dramatic pandemic-driven rate cuts of March 2020 that were sustained until the inflation-driven rate increases of 2022. 
 
 The FRB has taken aggressive interest rate action over the past year, implementing multiple rate hikes in an effort to tame inflation that has reached its highest levels in decades. The FFTR was increased a total of 425 bps in 2022, beginning the year at a range of 0.00 - 0.25 and ending the year at a range of 4.25 - 4.50 . As a result, Prime increased from 3.25 at the beginning of 2022 to 7.50 as of December 31, 2022, ending the year at its highest level since 2007. Bancorp has experienced significant benefit from the rate increases enacted in 2022, particularly since the mid-June rate hike that lifted Prime to 4.75 and in effect, took the majority of Bancorp s variable rate loans off of their 4.00 floors. Subsequent rate increases have continued to provide meaningful benefit, offset partially by Bancorp s election to raise deposit rates. 

33

Table of Contents 

The current economic outlook suggests continued interest rate increases from the FRB through the first half of 2023, albeit at a reduced pace compared to 2022. Pricing pressure/competition for both loans and deposits, changing levels of liquidity within the banking system and an inverted yield curve could continue to place pressure on NIM. 
 
 Discussion of 2022 vs 2021: 
 
 Net interest spread (FTE) and NIM (FTE) were 3.21 and 3.35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.16 and 3.22 for the same period in 2021, respectively. NIM during the year ended December 31, 2022 was significantly impacted by the following: 

A rapidly rising interest rate environment evolving from the sustained, pandemic-driven lows experienced over the last two years. The FFTR was lowered to a range of 0 - 0.25 in March of 2020, which resulted in Prime dropping to 3.25 , where it remained until mid-March 2022. The FFTR stood at a range of 4.25 - 4.50 , and Prime at 7.50 , as of December 31, 2022. 

Bancorp s first deposit rate increases in nearly two years, stemming from the aforementioned rising rate environment, which drove a 10.8 million increase in interest expense on deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

Substantial balance sheet expansion stemming from both acquisition-related activity and organic growth, which resulted in total average earning asset growth of 1.67 billion, or 31 , and average interest-bearing liability growth of 1.15 billion, or 34 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

Overall excess balance sheet liquidity, which placed pressure on NIM in both periods. Excess liquidity within the banking system in general has also led to a highly competitive loan rate environment. After reaching a peak towards the end of 2021, levels of excess liquidity, and its corresponding impact on NIM, have moderated through December 31, 2022. 

PPP forgiveness activity, which accelerates the recognition of fee income on these loans and has declined significantly in 2022, as the vast majority of the original portfolio has been forgiven. The average balance of the PPP loan portfolio decreased 345 million, or 87 , and related income decreased 17.3 million, or 78 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

The addition of 26 million of subordinated debt in association with the CB acquisition, which contributed interest expense of 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 331,000 of which was attributed to purchase accounting-related mark-to-market amortization. No such activity was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net interest income (FTE) increased 62.8 million, or 37 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, largely as a result of acquisition-related activity, but also driven in part by strong organic loan growth, substantial deployment of excess liquidity into the investment securities portfolio and the continued benefit of a rising interest rate environment. Partially offsetting this increase was the rising cost of interest bearing deposits and the addition of subordinated debt through the CB acquisition. 
 
 Total average interest earning assets increased 1.67 billion, or 31 , to 6.99 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period of 2021, with the average rate earned on total interest earning assets increasing from 3.34 to 3.61 . 

Average total loan balances increased 868 million, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Average non-PPP loan growth of 1.21 billion, or 34 , was driven by acquisition-related expansion and strong organic growth, which was partially offset by a 345 million, or 87 , decline in average PPP loan balances, as a result of forgiveness activity. 

Average investment securities grew 771 million, or 86 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, attributed to a combination of strategically deploying excess liquidity through further investment and acquisition-related activity. 

34

Table of Contents 

Average FFS and interest bearing due from bank balances increased 31 million, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to on-going excess balance sheet liquidity. While average balances reflect excess balance sheet liquidity, actual excess balance sheet liquidity has continued to decline through December 31, 2022, reaching more normalized levels by year-end. 

Total interest income (FTE) increased 75.0 million, or 42 , to 252.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period of 2021. 

Interest and fee income (FTE) on loans increased 52.2 million, or 32 , to 216.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, driven by both organic and acquisition-related growth in the non-PPP portfolio and the rising rate environment, which more than offset a 17.3 million, or 78 , decline in PPP-related income. The yield on the overall loan portfolio climbed to 4.50 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.16 for the same period of 2021. 

Significant growth in average investment securities led to a 17.2 million increase interest income (FTE) on the portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, driving a 42 bps, or 32 , increase in the corresponding yield on the portfolio. Substantial deployment of excess liquidity benefitted the investment portfolio as the yields earned on recent purchases have improved dramatically in tandem with rising rates. 

Interest income on FFS and interest bearing due from bank balances increased 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of average balance growth stemming from excess balance sheet liquidity and rising interest rates. The yield on these assets increased 112 bps to 1.26 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, stemming from the dramatic increase in the FFTR over the past year. 

Total average interest bearing liabilities increased 1.15 billion, or 34 , to 4.54 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period in 2021, with the total average cost increasing 22 bps to 0.40 . 

Average interest bearing deposits increased 1.08 billion, or 33 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, with interest-bearing demand deposits accounting for 585 million of the increase. The significant growth was attributed to both acquisition-related activity and organic growth stemming from the industry-wide trend of customers maintaining higher levels of liquidity, which was experienced for several quarters. However, excluding acquisition-related activity, period-end deposit balances have declined in 2022, as the elevated customer balances noted above have moderated. 

Consistent with the average interest bearing deposit growth noted above, average SSUAR balances increased 60 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

Average FHLB advances decreased 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of the prior year, as all outstanding term FHLB advances either matured or were paid off by the end of 2021. The minimal average balance of FHLB advances for the year ended December 31, 2022 stems from a one-week cash management advance that was utilized by Bancorp at year-end for short-term liquidity purposes, which represented the only FHLB advance used during 2022, and matured in early January 2023. 

Subordinated debentures totaling 26 million were added as a result of the CB acquisition during the first quarter of 2022. The corresponding average balance for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 22 million. 

Total interest expense increased 12.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, driven by acquisition-related average balance growth, Bancorp s first deposit rate increases in almost two years and debt assumed through the CB acquisition. As a result, the cost of interest bearing liabilities increased 22 bps to 0.40 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

Total interest bearing deposit expense increased 10.8 million as a result of acquisition-related activity and the aforementioned deposit rate increases, resulting in a 20 bps increase in the cost of interest bearing deposits. Bancorp expects pricing pressure/competition stemming from the rising rate environment to drive further deposit rate/cost increases in the coming months. 

35

Table of Contents 

Interest expense totaling 1.1 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the subordinated debentures assumed through the CB acquisition, approximately 331,000 of which stems from purchase accounting-related mark-to-market amortization. 

Interest expense on FHLB advances was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a minimal 12,000, as all FHLB advances either matured or paid off by the end of 2021, resulting in a decline of 325,000 compared to the same period of the prior year. 

Discussion of 2021 vs 2020: 
 
 Net interest spread and NIM were 3.16 and 3.22 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.22 and 3.39 for the year ended December 31, 2020. NIM was significantly impacted in 2021 by the following: 

A sustained low interest rate environment, driven by the lowering of the FFTR in March 2020 to a range of 0 - 0.25 , which resulted in Prime dropping to 3.25 , where it remained through 2021. 

Substantial balance sheet growth, both organic and acquisition-related, which resulted in total average earning asset growth of 1.30 billion, or 32 , and average interest-bearing liability growth of 773 million, or 30 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020. 

PPP originations, which began in the second quarter of 2020 and continued through expiration of the program on May 31, 2021, as well as the related forgiveness activity, which accelerated the recognition of fee income on these loans and had significant effect on NIM. The PPP portfolio contributed an 18 bps benefit to NIM for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of forgiveness activity, which drove the recognition of 18.1 million in PPP-related fee income. In comparison, the PPP portfolio had a negative impact of 3 bps on NIM for the year end December 31, 2020 due to the large amount of originations that occurred in 2020 and the effect that the low-yielding, 1 stated rate of these notes had on NIM for the period. 

Overall, excess balance sheet liquidity contributed approximately 25 bps of NIM compression for the year ended December 31, 2021 and approximately 13 bps of NIM compression for the same period of 2020. In general, excess liquidity within the banking system led to a highly competitive loan rate environment over the past two years. 

The lowering of deposit rates in tandem with FRB interest rate actions and the benefit of paying off all FHLB advances during 2021. 

Net interest income (FTE) increased 35.4 million, or 26 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, due to interest and fee income associated with the PPP portfolio, substantial growth in the non-PPP loan portfolio and investment securities portfolio, and the aforementioned lowering of deposit rates. 
 
 Total average interest earning assets increased 1.30 billion, or 32 , to 5.32 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period of 2020, with the average rate earned on total interest earning assets contracting 34 bps to 3.34 . 

Average total loans increased 646 million, or 20 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020. Average non-PPP loan balances grew 692 million, or 24 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, attributed to both the acquisition and strong organic growth. Average PPP loan balances decreased 45 million, or 10 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, consistent with forgiveness activity throughout 2021. 

Average investment securities grew 446 million, or 98 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, which was attributed to a combination of strategically deploying excess liquidity through further investment and the KB acquisition. 

Average FFS and interest bearing due from balances increased 217 million, or 94 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, consistent with the elevated level of deposits. 

36

Table of Contents 

Total interest income (FTE) increased 29.4 million, or 20 , to 177.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the same period of 2020. 

Interest and fee income on loans (FTE) increased 26.6 million, or 19 , to 164.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, driven by accelerated recognition of PPP fee income consistent with forgiveness activity, organic loan growth and the contribution attributed to the KB acquisition. 

Significant growth in average investment securities drove an increase of 3.2 million, or 37 , for interest income (FTE) on the portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020. However, the lower interest rate environment experienced over the previous 12 months weighed heavily on fixed income security yields, which contracted 59 bps, or 31 . 

Despite the substantial increase experienced for average FFS and interest bearing due from balances, corresponding interest income decreased 93,000, or 13 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020 as a result of the FRB lowering the FFTR 150 bps in March 2020 to a range of 0-0.25 , where it remained for the final three quarters of 2020 and the entirety of 2021. 

Total average interest bearing liabilities increased 773 million, or 30 , to 3.39 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the same period in 2020, with the total average cost declining 28 bps to 0.18 . 

Average interest bearing deposits increased 795 million, or 32 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, with interest-bearing demand deposits accounting for 500 million of the increase. Interest bearing deposits added as a result of the KB acquisition along with significant federal stimulus action, such as PPP funding, propelled deposit balances to record levels at December 31, 2021. Further, general economic uncertainty surrounding the on-going pandemic resulted in the customer base maintaining higher levels of liquidity, similar to customer behavior seen during the Great Recession. 

Consistent with the higher interest bearing deposit balances noted above, as well as the KB acquisition, average SSUAR balances increased 22 million, or 55 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020. 

Average FHLB advances decreased 45 million, or 73 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, as advances matured and were not replaced. In addition, Bancorp elected to pay down certain advances prior to their maturity during the first and second quarters of 2021, the latter of which resulted in an early-termination fee of 474,000, recorded as a component non-interest expense during the second quarter of 2021. 

Total interest expense decreased 5.9 million, or 50 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, a direct result of deposit rate reductions implemented in response to the falling interest rate environment and to a lesser extent, the reduction in interest expense on FHLB advances. 

Total interest bearing deposit expense decreased 4.9 million, or 46 , driving a 25 bps decline in the cost of average total interest bearing deposits. 

Interest expense on FHLB advances declined 1.1 million, or 76 , as a result of the substantial reduction in average FHLB advances outstanding. As noted above, Bancorp had no outstanding FHLB advances as of December 31, 2021. 

37

Table of Contents 

Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rates (FTE) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Average Interest 

Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Interest earning assets: 

Federal funds sold and interest bearing due from banks 

477,341 

6,018 

1.26 

446,783 

645 

0.14 

229,905 

738 

0.32 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

8,835 

190 

2.15 

11,170 

249 

2.23 

20,156 

533 

2.64 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

1,594,942 

27,302 

1.71 

879,298 

11,575 

1.32 

443,035 

8,432 

1.90 

Tax-exempt 

75,382 

1,851 

2.46 

19,636 

340 

1.73 

10,047 

265 

2.64 

Total securities 

1,670,324 

29,153 

1.75 

898,934 

11,915 

1.33 

453,082 

8,697 

1.92 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

11,741 

505 

4.30 

10,824 

262 

2.42 

11,284 

253 

2.24 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans 

52,704 

4,798 

9.10 

397,282 

22,044 

5.55 

442,510 

13,636 

3.08 

Non-PPP loans 

4,766,420 

211,872 

4.45 

3,553,975 

142,395 

4.01 

2,862,399 

124,226 

4.34 

Total loans 

4,819,124 

216,670 

4.50 

3,951,257 

164,439 

4.16 

3,304,909 

137,862 

4.17 

Total interest earning assets 

6,987,365 

252,536 

3.61 

5,318,968 

177,510 

3.34 

4,019,336 

148,083 

3.68 

Less allowance for credit losses on loans 

65,672 

57,696 

45,008 

Non-interest earning assets: 

Cash and due from banks 

90,481 

63,477 

46,277 

Premises and equipment, net 

106,631 

69,483 

57,474 

Bank owned life insurance 

68,325 

44,720 

32,899 

Goodwill 

188,949 

84,853 

12,513 

Accrued interest receivable and other 

62,801 

103,081 

94,102 

Total assets 

7,438,880 

5,626,886 

4,217,593 

Interest bearing liabilities: 

Deposits: 

Interest bearing demand 

2,218,416 

9,186 

0.41 

1,633,606 

1,771 

0.11 

1,133,308 

1,776 

0.16 

Savings 

538,971 

638 

0.12 

328,570 

93 

0.03 

190,368 

36 

0.02 

Money market 

1,140,025 

5,284 

0.46 

919,778 

589 

0.06 

771,363 

1,482 

0.19 

Time 

487,981 

1,304 

0.27 

420,308 

3,174 

0.76 

412,506 

7,184 

1.74 

Total interest bearing deposits 

4,385,393 

16,412 

0.37 

3,302,262 

5,627 

0.17 

2,507,545 

10,478 

0.42 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

122,154 

567 

0.46 

62,534 

24 

0.04 

40,363 

37 

0.09 

Federal funds purchased 

9,357 

154 

1.65 

10,596 

14 

0.13 

9,457 

35 

0.37 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

274 

12 

4.38 

16,317 

337 

2.07 

61,483 

1,400 

2.28 

Subordinated debentures 

21,733 

1,124 

5.17 

Total interest bearing liabilities 

4,538,911 

18,269 

0.40 

3,391,709 

6,002 

0.18 

2,618,848 

11,950 

0.46 

Non-interest bearing liabilities: 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

2,053,213 

1,578,795 

1,100,942 

Accrued interest payable and other 

107,958 

83,121 

77,684 

Total liabilities 

6,700,082 

5,053,625 

3,797,474 

Stockholders equity 

738,798 

573,261 

420,119 

Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 

7,438,880 

5,626,886 

4,217,593 

Net interest income 

234,267 

171,508 

136,133 

Net interest spread 

3.21 

3.16 

3.22 

Net interest margin 

3.35 

3.22 

3.39 

38

Table of Contents 

Supplemental Information - Total Company Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rates (FTE) 

Average loan balances include the principal balance of non-accrual loans, as well as unearned income such as loan premiums, discounts, fees/costs and exclude participation loans accounted for as secured borrowings. Participation loans averaged 5 million, 5 million and 8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Interest income on a FTE basis includes additional amounts of interest income that would have been earned if investments in certain tax-exempt interest earning assets had been made in assets subject to federal taxes yielding the same after-tax income. Interest income on municipal securities and tax-exempt loans has been calculated on a FTE basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 . Approximate tax equivalent adjustments to interest income were 884,000, 434,000 and 212,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Interest income includes loan fees of 10.3 million 4.2 million associated with the PPP), 20.5 million 18.1 million associated with the PPP) and 10.6 million 9.1 million associated with the PPP) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income on loans may be impacted by the level of prepayment fees collected and accretion related to loans purchased. 

Net interest income, the most significant component of Bancorp's earnings, represents total interest income less total interest expense. The level of net interest income is determined by mix and volume of interest earning assets, interest bearing deposits and borrowed funds, and changes in interest rates. 

NIM represents net interest income on a FTE basis as a percentage of average interest earning assets. 

Net interest spread (FTE) is the difference between taxable equivalent rates earned on interest earning assets less the cost of interest bearing liabilities. 

The fair market value adjustment on investment securities resulting from ASC 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities is included as a component of other assets. 

39

Table of Contents 

The following table illustrates the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities impacted Bancorp s interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate), (ii) changes attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume) and (iii) net change. The changes attributable to the combined impact of volume and rate have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. Tax-equivalent adjustments are based on a federal income tax rate of 21 . The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated to the change due to rate and the change due to volume in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 
 Rate/Volume Analysis (FTE) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Compared to 

Compared to 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Total Net 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 

Total Net 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 

(in thousands) 
 
 Change 

Rate 

Volume 

Change 

Rate 

Volume 

Interest income: 

Federal funds sold and interest bearing due from banks 

5,373 

5,326 

47 

(93) 

(547) 

454 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

(59) 

(9) 

(50) 

(284) 

(74) 

(210) 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

15,727 

4,239 

11,488 

3,143 

(3,210) 

6,353 

Tax-exempt 

1,511 

194 

1,317 

75 

(114) 

189 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

243 

219 

24 

9 

20 

(11) 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans 

(17,246) 

8,919 

(26,165) 

8,408 

9,928 

(1,520) 

Non-PPP Loans 

69,477 

16,874 

52,603 

18,169 

(10,096) 

28,265 

Total interest income 

75,026 

35,762 

39,264 

29,427 

(4,093) 

33,520 

Interest expense: 

Deposits: 

Interest bearing demand 

7,415 

6,580 

835 

(5) 

(647) 

642 

Savings 

545 

454 

91 

57 

23 

34 

Money market 

4,695 

4,521 

174 

(893) 

(1,136) 

243 

Time 

(1,870) 

(2,315) 

445 

(4,010) 

(4,143) 

133 

Total interest bearing deposits 

10,785 

9,240 

1,545 

(4,851) 

(5,903) 

1,052 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

543 

500 

43 

(13) 

(28) 

15 

Federal funds purchased 

140 

142 

(2) 

(21) 

(25) 

4 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

(325) 

(158) 

(167) 

(1,063) 

(119) 

(944) 

Subordinated debt 

1,124 

1,124 

Total interest expense 

12,267 

9,724 

2,543 

(5,948) 

(6,075) 

127 

Net interest income 

62,759 

26,038 

36,721 

35,375 

1,982 

33,393 

40

Table of Contents 

Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Managing interest rate risk is fundamental for the financial services industry. The primary objective of interest rate risk management is to neutralize effects of interest rate changes on net income. By considering both on and off-balance sheet financial instruments, management evaluates interest rate sensitivity with the goal of optimizing net interest income within the constraints of prudent capital adequacy, liquidity needs, market opportunities and customer requirements. 
 
 Interest Rate Simulation Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 Bancorp uses an earnings simulation model to estimate and evaluate the impact of an immediate change in interest rates on earnings in a one-year forecast. The simulation model is designed to reflect dynamics of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. By estimating effects of interest rate fluctuations, the model can approximate interest rate risk exposure. This simulation model is used by management to gauge approximate results given a specific change in interest rates at a given point in time. The model is therefore a tool to indicate earnings trends in given interest rate scenarios and may not indicate actual or expected results. 
 
 The results of the interest rate sensitivity analysis performed as of December 31, 2022 were derived from the long-term, conservative assumptions Bancorp uses in the model, particularly in relation to deposit betas, which measure how responsive management s deposit repricing may be to changes in market rates and are based on historical data. The results presented below reflect an interest rate sensitivity analysis that incorporates a deposit beta of approximately 60 , which approximates Bancorp s long-term average. While the beta s experienced in 2022 were significantly below this level, the Company anticipates the future betas will be closer to, or even exceed, historic averages. 
 
 Bancorp s interest rate simulation sensitivity analysis details that increases in interest rates of 100, 200 and 300 bps would have a negative effect on net interest income, respectively, while decreases of 100 and 200 bps in interest rates would have a positive effect on net interest income. These results depict a slightly liability sensitive interest rate risk profile. The decrease in net interest income in the rising rate scenarios is primarily due to variable rate loans and short-term investments repricing slower than deposits and short-term borrowings. 

Change in Rates 

-200 

-100 

+100 

+200 

+300 

Basis Points 

Basis Points 

Basis Points 

Basis Points 

Basis Points 

Change from base net interest income at December 31, 2022 

0.58 

0.34 

-1.71 

-3.44 

-5.17 

Bancorp s loan portfolio is currently composed of approximately 71 fixed and 29 variable rate loans, with the fixed rate portion pricing generally based on a spread to the five year treasury curve at the time of origination and the variable portion pricing based on an on-going spread to Prime (approximately 65 or one month LIBOR/SOFR (approximately 35 ). 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), the authority regulating LIBOR, along with various other regulatory bodies, announced that LIBOR would likely be discontinued at the end of 2021. Subsequent to that announcement, in November 2020, the FCA announced that many tenors of LIBOR would continue to be published through June 2023. Subsequent to this, Bank regulators instructed banks to discontinue new originations referencing LIBOR as soon as possible, but no later than December 2021. Effective December 31, 2021, LIBOR is no longer used to issue new loans in the U.S. It is expected to be replaced primarily by the SOFR, which many experts consider a more accurate and more secure pricing benchmark. To facilitate the transition process, management has instituted an enterprise-wide program to identify, assess, and monitor risks associated with the expected discontinuance or unavailability of LIBOR. 
 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act was signed into law as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022. This legislation established a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts that mature after the cessation of LIBOR (scheduled for June 2023) that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also established a safe harbor for lenders, providing protection from litigation associated with choosing a replacement rate recommended by the FRB, such as SOFR, and also allows for the continued use of any appropriate benchmark rate for new contracts. 

41

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 477 million in loans and interest rate derivative contracts of 120 million (notional amount) that reference LIBOR. Each of the LIBOR-referenced amounts discussed above will vary in future periods as current contracts expire with potential replacement contracts using either LIBOR or an alternative reference rate. The Company, and other industry participants, continue to review alternative reference rates that could be utilized as a replacement for LIBOR. The Company had 206 million in loans that were indexed to SOFR at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Periodically, Bancorp enters into interest rate swap transactions with borrowers who desire to hedge exposure to rising interest rates, while at the same time entering into an offsetting interest rate swap, with substantially matching terms, with another approved independent counterparty. These are undesignated derivative instruments and are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in other non-interest income as interest rates fluctuate. Because of matching terms of offsetting contracts, in addition to collateral provisions which mitigate the impact of non-performance risk, changes in fair value subsequent to initial recognition have a minimal effect on earnings, and are therefore not included in the simulation analysis results above. For additional information see the Footnote titled Assets and Liabilities Measured and Reported at Fair Value. 
 
 In addition, Bancorp periodically uses derivative financial instruments as part of its interest rate risk management, including interest rate swaps. These interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges as described in the Footnote titled Interest Rate Swaps. For these derivatives, the effective portion of gains or losses is reported as a component of OCI, and is subsequently reclassified into earnings as an adjustment to interest expense in periods in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. As of December 31, 2022, Bancorp had no outstanding interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges. 

42

Table of Contents 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Provision for credit losses on loans at December 31, 2022 represents the amount of expense that, based on Management s judgment, is required to maintain the ACL for loans at an appropriate level under the CECL model. The determination of the amount of the ACL for loans is complex and involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. See the footnote titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for detailed discussion regarding Bancorp s ACL methodology by loan segment. 
 
 An analysis of the changes in the ACL on loans, including provision, and selected ratios follow: 

As of and for the years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Beginning balance 

53,898 

51,920 

26,791 

Acquired PCD loans (goodwill adjustment) 

9,950 

6,757 

CECL - cumulative adjustment 

9,856 

Adjusted beginning balance 

63,848 

58,677 

36,647 

Provision for credit losses on loans 

5,253 

(6,000) 

16,918 

Provision for credit losses on loans - acquired loans 

4,429 

7,397 

Total provision for credit losses on loans 

9,682 

1,397 

16,918 

Total charge-offs 

(2,307) 

(7,681) 

(2,101) 

Total recoveries 

2,308 

1,505 

456 

Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries 

1 

(6,176) 

(1,645) 

Ending balance 

73,531 

53,898 

51,920 

Average total loans 

4,819,124 

3,951,257 

3,304,909 

Provision for credit losses on loans to average total loans 

0.20 

0.04 

0.51 

Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries to average total loans 

0.00 

-0.16 

-0.05 

ACL for loans to total loans 

1.41 

1.29 

1.47 

ACL for loans to total loans (excluding PPP) (1) 

1.42 

1.34 

1.74 

ACL for loans to average total loans 

1.53 

1.36 

1.57 

(1) See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Discussion of 2022 vs 2021: 
 
 The ACL for loans totaled 74 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 54 million at December 31, 2021, representing an ACL to total loans ratio of 1.41 and 1.29 for those periods, respectively. The ACL to loans (excluding PPP loans) was 1.42 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.34 at December 31, 2021. Based on the 100 SBA guarantee of the PPP loan portfolio, which totaled 19 million at December 31, 2022 and 141 million at December 31, 2021, Bancorp did not reserve for potential losses for these loans within the ACL. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Provision expense for credit losses on loans (excluding acquisition-related activity) of 5.3 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Significant organic loan growth, inflation and recession-based increases in the projected unemployment rate forecast, along with qualitative factor updates related to the potential impact of rising rates on the C I portfolio, were the main drivers of expense within the CECL model for 2022. Further, net charge off/recovery activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was minimal. 
 
 Credit loss expense recorded for the acquired CB loan portfolio totaled 4.4 million and was recorded in the first quarter of 2022, bringing total provision for credit losses on loans to 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Further, the ACL for loans was also increased 10 million as a result of the PCD loan portfolio added through the CB acquisition during the first quarter, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense). 

43

Table of Contents 

Total provision expense for credit losses on loans of 1.4 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, as acquisition-related expense competed with a number of improving factors within the CECL model. Expense totaling 7.4 million was recorded in association with the non-PCD loan portfolio added through the KB acquisition during the second quarter of 2021, which was partially offset by a net benefit of 6.0 million recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, and was driven by a then-improving unemployment forecast, updates to Bancorp s CECL modeling and strong historic credit metrics. Further, the ACL for loans was also increased 6.8 million as a result of the PCD loan portfolio added through the KB acquisition during the second quarter of 2021, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense). 
 
 The ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures, while separate from the ACL for loans and recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, also experienced an increase between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The CB acquisition resulted in a 500,000 increase to the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures during the first quarter of 2022, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense). Provision for credit loss expense for off balance sheet credit exposures of 575,000 was also recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven mainly by the addition of new lines of credit, and thus increased availability, largely within the C D portfolio. ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures stood at 4.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 While the year ended December 31, 2021 experienced a similar 250,000 increase to the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures as a result of the KB acquisition, negative provision for credit loss expense for off balance sheet credit exposures totaling 2.2 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. This large benefit was the result of general declines in reserve loss percentages consistent with then-improving CECL model factors and improvement in line of credit utilization. 
 
 Bancorp s loan portfolio is well-diversified with no significant concentrations of credit. Geographically, most loans are extended to borrowers in Louisville, central, eastern and northern Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio metropolitan markets. The adequacy of the ACL is monitored on an ongoing basis and it is the opinion of management that the balance of the ACL at December 31, 2022 is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the financial statement date. 
 
 Discussion of 2021 vs 2020: 
 
 The ACL on loans totaled 54 million as of December 31, 2021 compared to 52 million at December 31, 2020, representing an ACL to total loans ratio of 1.29 and 1.47 for those periods, respectively. The ACL to total loans (excluding PPP loans) was 1.34 at December 31, 2021 compared to 1.74 at December 31, 2020, the decrease stemming from loan growth and a lower ACL. Based on the 100 SBA guarantee of the PPP loan portfolio, which totaled 141 million (net of unamortized deferred fees) at December 31, 2021 and 550 million at December 31, 2020, Bancorp did not record a general reserve for potential losses for these loans within the ACL. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Upon adoption of ASC 326 effective January 1, 2020, Bancorp recorded an increase of 8.2 million to the ACL on loans and a corresponding decrease to retained earnings, net of the DTA impact. In addition, non-accretable yield marks of 1.6 million related to formerly classified PCI loans were reclassed between the amortized cost basis of loans and corresponding ACL on loans, which were subsequently charged-off in the third quarter of 2020 with no resulting impact to provision for credit loss expense. The adjustment upon adoption of ASC 326 raised the beginning balance of the ACL on loans to 37 million on January 1, 2020. 
 
 In total, provision for credit losses on loans decreased 15.5 million, or 92 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020. The significantly higher expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 was the result of CECL adoption and the subsequent pandemic-related developments experienced shortly thereafter, particularly elevated future unemployment forecasts. 
 
 Due to continued improvement in the unemployment forecast, updates to Bancorp s CECL modeling and strong historic credit metrics, a net benefit (excluding acquisition-related activity) of 6.0 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was offset by credit loss expense on loans associated with the non-PCD loan portfolio added as a result of the KB acquisition, which was recorded during the second quarter of 2021 and totaled 7.4 million. 

44

Table of Contents 

Further, the ACL on loans was also increased 6.8 million as a result of the PCD loan portfolio added through the KB acquisition during the second quarter, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill. Partially offsetting this increase was net charge off activity of 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, serving to reduce the ACL on loans. Net charge off activity for 2021 was driven by the charge off of two CRE relationships totaling 4.4 million. These charged off amounts were fully reserved and had no income statement impact for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, there was a 555,000 recovery of a note that was fully charged off in 2020. 
 
 While separate from the ACL on loans and recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures also experienced a decrease between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. A net benefit of 2.2 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, as nearly all applicable loan segments experienced declines in their reserve loss percentages consistent with generally improving model factors and improvement in line of credit utilization, most notably within the C I portfolio. In addition, the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures was increased 250,000 as a result of available credit added through the KB acquisition during the second quarter, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill. The ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures stood at 3.5 million as of December 31, 2021 compared to 5.4 million as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 

Variance 

(dollars in thousands) 

2022 / 2021 

2021 / 2020 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Wealth management and trust services 

36,111 

27,613 

23,406 

8,498 

31 

4,207 

18 

Deposit service charges 

8,286 

5,852 

4,161 

2,434 

42 

1,691 

41 

Debit and credit card income 

18,623 

13,456 

8,480 

5,167 

38 

4,976 

59 

Treasury management fees 

8,590 

6,912 

5,407 

1,678 

24 

1,505 

28 

Mortgage banking income 

3,210 

4,724 

6,155 

(1,514) 

(32) 

(1,431) 

(23) 

Net investment products sales commissions and fees 

3,063 

2,553 

1,775 

510 

20 

778 

44 

Bank owned life insurance 

1,597 

914 

693 

683 

75 

221 

32 

Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment 

4,369 

(78) 

150 

4,447 

NM 

(228) 

(152) 

Other 

5,300 

3,904 

1,672 

1,396 

36 

2,232 

133 

Total non-interest income 

89,149 

65,850 

51,899 

23,299 

35 

13,951 

27 

NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 Discussion of 2022 vs 2021: 
 
 Total non-interest income increased 23.3 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Non-interest income comprised 28 of total revenue, defined as net interest income and non-interest income, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. WM T services comprised 41 of total non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 42 for the same period of 2021, respectively. Acquisition-related activity drove a significant portion of the non-interest income increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. 

45

Table of Contents 

WM T Services: 
 
 The magnitude of WM T revenue distinguishes Bancorp from other community banks of similar asset size. WM T revenue increased 8.5 million, or 31 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared with the same period of 2021. Significant growth in AUM drove the increase over prior year, consistent with acquisition-related activity and organic new business development. However, significant declines in both fixed income and equity markets weighed heavily on WM T revenue in 2022, as inflation and recession-based fears, coupled with geopolitical tensions, have resulted in continued volatility. 
 
 Recurring fees earned for managing accounts are based on a percentage of market value of AUM and are typically assessed on a monthly basis. Recurring fees, which generally comprise the vast majority of WM T revenue, increased 8.7 million, or 32 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period of 2021, as a result of the aforementioned acquisition-related and organic business development. 
 
 A portion of WM T revenue, most notably executor and certain employee benefit plan-related fees, are non-recurring in nature and the timing of these revenues typically correspond with the related administrative activities. For this reason, such fees are subject to greater period over period fluctuation. Total non-recurring fees decreased 194,000, or 32 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period of 2021, consistent with lower estate fee revenue. 
 
 AUM, stated at market value, totaled 6.59 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 4.80 billion at December 31, 2021. The large increase is attributed mainly to AUM of 2.65 billion added through the first quarter CB acquisition, as well as organic net new business growth over the past year, which were partially offset by significant declines in both fixed income and equity markets during 2022, as previously noted. 
 
 Contracts between WM T and their customers do not permit performance-based fees and accordingly, none of the WM T revenue is performance based. Management believes the WM T department will continue to factor significantly in Bancorp s financial results and provide strategic diversity to revenue streams. 
 
 Detail of WM T Service Income by Account Type: 

(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment advisory 

13,697 

12,003 

9,747 

Personal trust 

13,213 

7,569 

7,027 

Personal investment retirement 

6,186 

5,168 

4,319 

Company retirement 

1,520 

1,798 

1,457 

Foundation and endowment 

1,051 

797 

589 

Custody and safekeeping 

310 

146 

129 

Brokerage and insurance services 

67 

78 

45 

Other 

67 

54 

93 

Total WM T services income 

36,111 

27,613 

23,406 

The preceding table demonstrates that WM T fee revenue is concentrated within investment advisory and personal trust accounts. WM T fees are predominantly based on AUM and tailored for individual/company accounts and/or relationships with fee structures customized based on account type and other factors with larger relationships paying a lower percentage of AUM in fees. For example, recurring AUM fee structures are in place for investment management, irrevocable and revocable trusts, personal investment retirement accounts and accounts holding only fixed income securities. Company retirement plan services can consist of a one-time conversion fee with recurring AUM fees to follow. While there are also fee structures for estate settlements, income received is often non-recurring in nature. Fee structures are agreed upon at the time of account opening and any subsequent revisions are communicated in writing to the customer. WM T fees earned are not performance-based nor are they based on investment strategy or transactions. Bancorp also earns management fees on in-house investments funds acquired from CB. 

46

Table of Contents 

Assets Under Management by Account Type: 
 
 Total AUM (not included on balance sheet) increased from 4.80 billion at December 31, 2021 to 6.59 billion at December 31, 2022 as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Managed 

Non-managed (1) 

Total 

Managed 

Non-managed (1) 

Total 

Investment advisory 

2,249,017 

63,691 

2,312,708 

1,919,593 

34,879 

1,954,472 

Personal trust 

1,744,522 

474,373 

2,218,895 

939,703 

150,221 

1,089,924 

Personal investment retirement 

756,126 

27,065 

783,191 

620,312 

3,478 

623,790 

Company retirement 

52,891 

524,568 

577,459 

35,234 

599,129 

634,363 

Foundation and endowment 

428,018 

8,219 

436,237 

368,572 

1,532 

370,104 

Subtotal 

5,230,574 

1,097,916 

6,328,490 

3,883,414 

789,239 

4,672,653 

Custody and safekeeping 

256,791 

256,791 

128,178 

128,178 

Total 

5,230,574 

1,354,707 

6,585,281 

3,883,414 

917,417 

4,800,831 

(1) Non-managed assets represent those for which the WM T department does not hold investment discretion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 79 and 81 , respectively, of total AUM were actively managed. Company retirement plan accounts primarily consist of participant-directed assets. The amount of custody and safekeeping accounts are insignificant. 
 
 Managed Trust AUM by Class of Investment: 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Interest bearing deposits 

185,080 

173,603 

Treasury and government agency obligations 

176,917 

39,736 

State, county and municipal obligations 

201,038 

110,795 

Money market mutual funds 

108,751 

7,299 

Equity mutual funds 

1,125,540 

944,500 

Other mutual funds - fixed, balanced and municipal 

583,713 

612,913 

Other notes and bonds 

209,178 

171,087 

Common and preferred stocks 

2,180,390 

1,681,006 

Common trust funds and collective investment funds 

114,458 

- 

Real estate mortgages 

774 

- 

Real estate 

57,297 

58,344 

Other miscellaneous assets (1) 

287,438 

84,131 

Total managed assets 

5,230,574 

3,883,414 

(1) Includes client directed instruments including rights, warrants, annuities, insurance policies, unit investment trusts, and oil and gas rights. 
 
 Managed assets are invested in instruments for which market values can be readily determined, the majority of which are sensitive to market fluctuations and consist of approximately 63 in equities and 37 in fixed income securities as of December 31, 2022 compared to 68 and 32 as of December 31, 2021. This composition has been relatively consistent from period to period. Common trust funds and collective investment funds were added as a result of the CB acquisition in 2022. However, these investments are immaterial to WM T revenue, AUM and the overall strategy of our WM T business. 

47

Table of Contents 

Additional Sources of Non-interest income: 
 
 Deposit service charges, which consist of non-sufficient funds charges and to a lesser extent, other activity based charges, increased 2.4 million, or 42 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the prior year, mainly as a result of the contribution associated with acquisition-related activity over the past 12 months. Outside of acquisition-related growth, an industry-wide decline in the volume of fees earned on overdrawn checking accounts has been experienced over the past several years. This trend has been driven by lower check presentment volume, which has in turn led to fewer overdrawn accounts in general. Further, Bancorp anticipates that future growth of this revenue stream could be significantly impacted by changing industry practices. Bancorp could be faced with strategic decisions surrounding deposit-related service charges in the future, which could negatively impact the contributions made by this, or similar, revenue streams. 
 
 Debit and credit card income consists of interchange revenue, ancillary fees and incentives received from card processors. Debit and credit card revenue increased 5.2 million, or 38 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period of 2021, as a result of increased transaction volume and continued expansion of the customer bases, both organically and through acquisition-related activity. Total debit card income increased 3.8 million, or 40 , and total credit card income increased 1.4 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared the year ended December 31, 2021. Bancorp expects this revenue stream will continue to increase with expansion of the customer base and further expansion of the debit and credit card programs. 
 
 Treasury management fees primarily consist of fees earned for cash management services provided to commercial customers. This category continues to stand out as a consistent, growing source of revenue for Bancorp and increased 1.7 million, or 24 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, driven by increased transaction volume, new product sales and customer base expansion. Both organic and acquisition-related sales efforts have led to the expansion of online services, ACH origination, remote deposit and fraud mitigation services over the past year. Bancorp anticipates this income category will continue to increase based on continued customer base growth and the expanding suite of services offered within Bancorp s treasury management platform. 
 
 Mortgage banking income primarily includes gains on sales of mortgage loans and net loan servicing income offset by MSR amortization. Bancorp s mortgage banking department predominantly originates residential mortgage loans to be sold in the secondary market, primarily to FNMA and FHLMC. Bancorp offers conventional, VA, FHA and GNMA financing for purchases and refinances, as well as programs for first-time homebuyers. Interest rates on mortgage loans directly influence the volume of business transacted by the mortgage-banking department. Mortgage banking revenue decreased 1.5 million, or 32 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period of 2021. Overall volume declined in 2022 compared to the prior year as a result of rising interest rates and low housing inventory. While this has in turn led to the year-over-year decline noted above, mortgage banking income has benefitted from the addition of the mortgage loan servicing portfolio added through the CB acquisition, comprising approximately 1.43 billion in mortgage loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees are generated primarily on stock, bond and mutual fund sales, as well as wrap fees earned on brokerage accounts. Wrap fees represent quarterly charges for investment programs that bundle together a suite of services, such as brokerage, advisory, research and management and are based on a percentage of account assets. Bancorp deploys its financial advisors primarily through its branch network via an arrangement with a third party broker-dealer, while larger managed accounts are serviced by Bancorp s WM T Department. Net investment product sales commissions and fees increased 510,000, or 20 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period of 2021, driven by acquisition-related growth, which included the addition of financial advisors, and increased trading activity associated with general market volatility. 
 
 BOLI assets represent the cash surrender value of life insurance policies on certain active and non-active employees who have provided consent for Bancorp to be the beneficiary for a portion of such policies. The related change in cash surrender value and any death benefits received under the policies are recorded as non-interest income. This income serves to offset the cost of various employee benefits. During the third quarter of 2022, Bancorp purchased an additional 30 million of BOLI assets in an effort to diversify investment of excess liquidity, bringing total BOLI assets to 85 million as of December 31, 2022. BOLI income increased 683,000, or 75 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of the prior year, which was attributed mainly to the additional investment noted above and contributions from the BOLI portfolio added as a result of the KB acquisition in May of 2021. 

48

Table of Contents 

During the third and fourth quarters of 2022, Bancorp completed the sale of certain acquired properties that overlapped with existing locations, recording a pre-tax gain of 4.4 million as a result. 
 
 Other non-interest income increased 1.4 million, or 36 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period of 2021. The increase was driven largely by the contribution from LFA, a financial advising firm added through the CB acquisition, and an increase in other miscellaneous fee income. As previously noted, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold effective December 31, 2022. Other non-interest income attributed to Bancorp s partial interest in LFA totaled 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Discussion of 2021 vs 2020: 
 
 Total non-interest income increased 14.0 million, or 27 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. Non-interest income comprised 28 of total revenue for both the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. WM T services comprised 42 of Bancorp s total non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 45 for the same period of 2020. 
 
 WM T revenue increased 4.2 million, or 18 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared with the same period of 2020. Stock market appreciation, coupled with then-record net new business development and to a lesser extent, the KB acquisition, drove the substantial increase for 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 
 Deposit service charges increased 1.7 million, or 41 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared with the same period in 2020. The increase resulted from the combination of a meaningful contribution associated with the KB acquisition and a recovery from the subdued activity experienced in 2020, as customer behavior and transaction volume was significantly impacted by pandemic-related developments. 
 
 Debit and credit card revenue increased 5.0 million, or 59 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared with the same period in 2020, as a result of increased transaction volume and continued expansion of the customer bases, both organically and through acquisition-related activity. Total debit card income increased 3.6 million, or 61 , while total credit card income increased 1.4 million, or 54 . Similar to deposit service charges above, debit and credit card revenue volume benefitted from both acquisition-related activity and a recovery from the pandemic-related slowdowns of 2020. 
 
 Treasury management fees increased 1.5 million, or 28 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020, as a result of strong new product sales and customer base expansion. The demand for Bancorp s treasury products increased during the pandemic, as these products allowed customers to operate more efficiently in a decentralized environment. 
 
 Mortgage banking revenue decreased 1.4 million, or 23 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared with the same period of 2020. The sustained low long-term interest rate environment that incentivized refinancing and purchasing activity resulted in elevated mortgage banking income in 2020. Over the course of 2021, volume began normalizing as the pool of potential customers who had yet to refinance shrank, general housing inventory remained limited and interest rates began to rise above the absolute low levels experienced in 2020, resulting in lower mortgage banking income. 
 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees increased 778,000, or 44 , for the year December 31, 2021, as compared with the same period of 2020, due to the KB acquisition and increased trading activity. 
 
 BOLI income increased 221,000, or 32 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period of 2020, attributed in large part to BOLI assets added through the KB acquisition. 
 
 Other non-interest income increased 2.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared with the same period of 2020. This increase was driven by a plethora of activity, most notably a death benefit of 523,000 on an insurance policy outside of traditional BOLI, stronger market returns on such insurance policies, the addition of the Captive through the KB acquisition and gains on OREO sold. 

49

Table of Contents 

Non-interest expenses 

Variance 

2022 / 2021 

2021 / 2020 

Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Compensation 

86,640 

63,034 

51,368 

23,606 

37 

11,666 

23 

Employee benefits 

16,568 

13,479 

11,064 

3,089 

23 

2,415 

22 

Net occupancy and equipment 

14,298 

9,688 

8,182 

4,610 

48 

1,506 

18 

Technology and communication 

14,897 

11,145 

8,732 

3,752 

34 

2,413 

28 

Debit and credit card processing 

5,909 

4,494 

2,606 

1,415 

31 

1,888 

72 

Marketing and business development 

5,005 

4,150 

2,383 

855 

21 

1,767 

74 

Postage, printing and supplies 

3,354 

2,213 

1,778 

1,141 

52 

435 

24 

Legal and professional 

2,943 

2,583 

2,392 

360 

14 

191 

8 

FDIC insurance 

2,758 

1,847 

1,217 

911 

49 

630 

52 

Amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships 

353 

367 

3,096 

(14) 

(4) 

(2,729) 

(88) 

Capital and deposit based taxes 

2,621 

2,090 

4,386 

531 

25 

(2,296) 

(52) 

Merger expenses 

19,500 

19,025 

475 

2 

19,025 

100 

Federal Home Loan Bank early termination penalty 

474 

(474) 

(100) 

474 

100 

Intangible amortization 

5,544 

770 

323 

4,774 

620 

447 

138 

Loss on sale of interest in LFA 

870 

870 

100 

Other 

10,531 

6,921 

4,132 

3,610 

52 

2,789 

67 

Total non-interest expenses 

191,791 

142,280 

101,659 

49,511 

35 

40,621 

40 

Discussion of 2022 vs 2021: 
 
 Total non-interest expenses increased 49.5 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Compensation and employee benefits comprised 54 of total non-interest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excluding merger expenses, compensation and employee benefits comprised 60 of total non-interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 62 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Compensation, which includes salaries, incentives, bonuses and stock based compensation, increased 23.6 million, or 37 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase was attributed to growth in full time equivalent employees, annual merit-based salary increases and higher incentive compensation expense. Net full time equivalent employees totaled 1,040 at December 31, 2022 compared to 820 at December 31, 2021. The acquisitions of CB in March of 2022 and KB in May of 2021 resulted in the combined addition of 372 full time equivalent employees over the past two years. 
 
 Employee benefits consists of all personnel-related expense not included in compensation, with the most significant items being health insurance, payroll taxes and employee retirement plan contributions. Employee benefits increased 3.1 million, or 23 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, consistent with the overall increase in full time equivalent employees noted previously. 
 
 Net occupancy and equipment expenses primarily include depreciation, rent, property taxes, utilities and maintenance. Costs of capital asset additions flow through the statement of income over the lives of the assets in the form of depreciation expense. Net occupancy increased 4.6 million, or 48 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. In connection with the CB acquisition, 15 branches were acquired, four of which were closed shortly after acquisition in addition to one existing SYB location, as a result of branch overlap. The KB acquisition in May of 2021 resulted in the addition of 19 branch locations in addition to operational buildings. At December 31, 2022, Bancorp s branch network consisted of 73 locations throughout Louisville, central, eastern and Northern Kentucky, as well as the markets of Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio. 

50

Table of Contents 

Technology and communication expenses include computer software amortization, equipment depreciation and expenditures related to investments in technology needed to maintain and improve the quality of customer delivery channels, information security and internal resources. Technology expense increased 3.8 million, or 34 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, consistent with acquisition-related activity, customer expansion and core system upgrades. 
 
 Bancorp outsources processing for debit and commercial credit card operations, which generate significant revenue for the Company. These expenses fluctuate consistent with transaction volumes. Debit and credit card processing expense increased 1.4 million, or 31 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, correlating in part with the increase in transaction volume and customer base expansion resulting from both organic and acquisition-related growth that served to increase corresponding debit and credit card non-interest income. 
 
 Marketing and business development expenses include all costs associated with promoting Bancorp including community support, retaining customers and acquiring new business. Marketing and business development expenses increased 855,000, or 21 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase corresponds with strategic decisions to advertise and promote in Bancorp s new markets, as well as general expansion of Bancorp s existing and prospective customer base and a post-pandemic return to in-person client meeting/entertainment. 
 
 Postage, printing and supplies expense increased 1.1 million, or 52 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, consistent with increased customer communication and Bancorp s expansion tied to acquisition-related activity. 
 
 Legal and professional fees increased 360,000, or 14 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase over prior year was driven by various consulting engagements, collection-related expenses and litigation costs arising through the normal course of business. Legal and professional fees associated with merger-related activity are captured in merger expenses. 
 
 FDIC insurance increased 911,000, or 49 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, consistent with organic and acquisition-related balance sheet growth for which the insurance is assessed on. 
 
 Tax credit partnerships generate federal income tax credits, and for each of Bancorp s investments in tax credit partnerships, the tax benefit, net of related expenses, results in a positive effect upon net income. Amounts of credits and corresponding expenses can vary widely depending upon the timing and magnitude of the underlying investments. Amortization expense associated with these investments decreased 14,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Capital and deposit based taxes, which consist primarily of deposit-based taxes and state of Ohio franchise taxes, increased 531,000, or 25 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, as a result of both organic and acquisition-related growth. 
 
 Merger expenses represent non-recurring expenses associated with completion of acquisitions and consist primarily of investment banker fees, legal fees, various compensation-related expenses, early termination fees relating to various contracts and system conversion expenses. Merger expenses totaled 19.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were attributed to the completion of the CB acquisition. By comparison, merger expensed for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 19.0 million, of which all but 525,000 was associated with the completion of the KB acquisition. 
 
 An early termination fee of 474,000 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 in relation to the pre-payment of 14 million in FHLB advances prior to contractual maturities. Bancorp chose to payoff these term advances during the second quarter of 2021 due to excess liquidity held on the balance sheet and the near-term outlook for low interest rates at the time of payoff. No such activity was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Intangible amortization expense consists of amortization associated with the CDI of acquired deposit portfolios, as well as other intangibles related to customer lists of the WM T and LFA business lines added through the CB acquisition. The intangibles are generally amortized on an accelerated basis over a period of approximately ten years. Intangible amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 5.5 million compared to 770,000 for the same period of the prior year, the significant increase stemming from the CB acquisition. As previously noted, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold effective December 31, 2022. Amortization expense associated with the CLI of the LFA business totaled 357,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

51

Table of Contents 

As noted previously, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold effective December 31, 2022. The sale resulted in a pre-tax loss of 870,000, which was recorded as non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other non-interest expenses increased 3.6 million, or 52 , for the year ended December 31, 2022. The most notable drivers of the increase were expenses associated with the addition of the insurance captive as a result of the KB acquisition in May of 2021, increased card reward expense, higher fraud-related expenses and other ancillary expenses tied to Bancorp s significant growth over the last 12 months. 
 
 Bancorp s efficiency ratio (FTE) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 59.30 , as compared to 59.94 for the same period of 2021. The efficiency ratio (FTE) for both years was significantly impacted by the acquisitions of CB and KB in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Bancorp also considers an adjusted efficiency ratio, which eliminates net gains (losses) on sales and calls of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of acquired premises and equipment and disposition of any acquired assets, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses. Bancorp s adjusted efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 53.62 , compared to 51.77 for the year ended December 31, 2021. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Discussion of 2021 vs 2020: 
 
 Total non-interest expenses increased 40.6 million, or 40 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. Compensation and employee benefits comprised 54 and 61 of Bancorp s total non-interest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding merger expenses, compensation and employee benefits comprised 62 of total non-interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Compensation increased 11.7 million, or 23 , for 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was attributed to growth in full time equivalent employees driven by the KB acquisition, annual merit-based salary increases and higher incentive compensation expense. Net full time equivalent employees totaled 820 at December 31, 2021 compared to 641 at December 31, 2020. 
 
 Employee benefits increased 2.4 million, or 22 , in 2021 compared with 2020, attributed to acquisition-related growth in FTEs. 
 
 Net occupancy increased 1.5 million, or 18 for 2021 compared with 2020. The KB acquisition resulted in the addition of 19 branches and was the primary driver of the increase over 2020. 
 
 Technology expense increased 2.4 million, or 28 , in 2021 compared to 2020, consistent with acquisition-related growth and continued investment in technology needed to maintain and improve the quality of customer delivery channels, information security and internal resources. 
 
 Debit and credit card processing expense increased 1.9 million, or 72 , for 2021 as compared with 2020, consistent with the correlated increase experienced for card income that was driven by both organic and acquisition-related growth. 
 
 Marketing and business development expenses increased 1.8 million, or 74 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period of 2020. The increase was the result of strategic plans to invest in the advertisement and promotion of the Bank in the newly entered central and eastern Kentucky markets and contributions to the Bank s foundation that supports various community initiatives. Further, marketing and business development activities, particularly travel and entertainment, were significantly muted during 2020 as a result of pandemic. 
 
 Postage, printing and supply expenses increased 435,000, or 24 , in 2021 compared to 2020, driven by the KB acquisition and increased customer communication. 
 
 Legal and professional fees increased 191,000, or 8 , for 2021 compared to 2020. The increase over 2020 was largely attributed to increased loan collection-related activity. 
 
 FDIC insurance increased 630,000, or 52 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was related to the acquisition and PPP-driven growth of the balance sheet. Further, the first quarter of 2020 benefitted from the last portion of small institution credits first issued by the FDIC in 2019. 

52

Table of Contents 

Amortization of investments in tax credit partnership decreased 2.7 million from 2021 to 2020 as a result of a large tax credit deal completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Capital and deposit based taxes decreased 2.3 million, or 52 , in 2021 compared to 2020, consistent with the state of Kentucky transitioning financial institutions from a capital-based franchise tax to the Kentucky corporate income tax effective January 1, 2021. 
 
 Merger expenses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily represent non-recurring expenses associated with completion of the KB acquisition. No such expense was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 An early termination fee of 474,000 was incurred during the second quarter of 2021 in relation to the pre-payment of 14 million in FHLB advances prior to contractual maturities. Bancorp chose to pay off these advances due to excess liquidity and the near-term outlook for low interest rates at the time of pay off. 
 
 Intangible amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of amortization associated with the CDI of acquired deposit portfolios. Such expense totaled 770,000 for 2021, representing a 447,000 increase over 2020, which was driven by CDI added as a result of the KB acquisition. 
 
 Other non-interest expenses increased 2.8 million, or 67 , for 2021 compared to 2020, stemming largely from the addition of the insurance captive through the KB acquisition, increased card reward expense, and higher debit and credit card losses. Further, 2020 benefitted from larger credits to expense associated with a gain on a bank-owned property sold and the reversal of an accrual related to a potential IRS penalty that was dismissed. 
 
 Bancorp s efficiency ratio (FTE) of 59.94 for 2021 increased from 54.06 in 2020 due to one-time merger-related expenses associated with the KB acquisition. Bancorp s adjusted efficiency ratio was 51.77 and 52.42 for 2021 and 2020. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 A comparison of income tax expense and ETR follows: 

Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Income before income tax expense 

120,484 

95,397 

67,743 

Income tax expense 

27,190 

20,752 

8,874 

Effective tax rate 

22.57 

21.75 

13.10 

Discussion of 2022 vs 2021: 
 
 Fluctuations in the ETR were primarily attributed to the following: 

The stock based compensation component of the ETR fluctuates consistent with the level of SAR exercise activity. The ETR was reduced 1.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a reduction of 1.1 for the same period of 2021, consistent with exercise activity. 

Changes in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies can vary widely from period to period, driven largely by changes in the markets. The related impact is inversely correlated with the ETR generally, with cash surrender value declines typically serving to increase the ETR and vice versa. Changes in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies increased the ETR 0.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 0.8 decrease for the same period of the prior year. 

Bancorp invests in certain partnerships that yield federal income tax credits. Taken as a whole, the tax benefit of these investments exceeds amortization expense, resulting in a positive impact on net income. The timing and magnitude of these transactions may vary widely from period to period. The ETR for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was reduced by 0.1 and 0.2 , respectively, by tax credit activity. 

Tax-exempt interest income earned on loans and investment securities reduced the ETR by 0.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a reduction of 0.4 for the same period of the prior year, the larger reduction in the current year being attributed to tax-exempt loans and securities added through acquisition-related activity. 

53

Table of Contents 

Non-deductible merger expenses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 served to increase the ETR 0.1 , compared to an increase of 0.4 for the same period of 2021. 

As a result of the KB acquisition in May of 2021, Bancorp acquired an insurance captive. The insurance captive provides insurance against certain risks for which insurance may not currently be available or economically feasible to Bancorp and SYB, as well as a group of third-party insurance captives. The tax advantages of the Captive, including the tax-deductible nature of premiums paid to the Captive as well as the tax-exemption for premiums received by the Captive, serve to reduce income tax expense. Related activity reduced the ETR 0.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to reduction of 0.2 for the same period of 2021. 

Discussion of 2021 vs 2020: 
 
 Fluctuations in the ETR were primarily attributed to the following: 

The ETR for 2020 included the full year benefit of a large historic tax credit project that was completed in the fourth quarter of last year, serving to reduce the ETR by 4.5 for the year. No comparable activity was recorded in 2021. 

The state of Kentucky passed legislation in 2019 that required financial institutions to transition from a capital based franchise tax to the Kentucky corporate income tax effective January 1, 2021 and allows entities filing a combined Kentucky income tax return to share certain tax attributes, including net operating loss carryforwards. These changes served to increase the ETR by 3.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

An insurance captive was acquired as a result of the KB acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the addition of the Captive reduced the ETR by 0.2 . 

The ETR was reduced by 1.1 and 0.7 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of SAR exercise activity for each year. 

The CARES Act included several significant provisions for corporations including increasing the amount of deductible interest under section 163(j), allowing companies to carryback certain net operating losses, and increasing the amount of net operating loss that corporations can use to offset income. These changes did not have a significant impact on Bancorp s income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

54

Table of Contents 

Financial Condition December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 

Overview 
 
 Total assets increased 850 million, or 13 , to 7.50 billion at December 31, 2022 from 6.65 billion at December 31, 2021. Total assets of 1.34 billion were added on March 7, 2022 as a result of the CB acquisition, including loans of 632 million and total investment securities of 247 million. Goodwill of 67 million was initially recorded in relation to the transaction, 8.5 million of which was subsequently written off as a result of the previously noted sale of Bancorp s partial interest in LFA. Total loans (excluding loans added through the CB acquisition and the PPP portfolio) grew 529 million, or 13 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. However, the acquisition-related and organic growth experienced in 2022 was partially offset by a 794 million reduction in cash and cash equivalents stemming largely from a decline in deposits experienced in the latter part of the year. 
 
 Total liabilities increased 766 million, or 13 , to 6.74 billion at December 31, 2022 from 5.97 billion at December 31, 2021. Total liabilities of 1.24 billion were assumed on March 7, 2022 as a result of the CB acquisition, including total deposits of 1.12 billion. Further, SSUAR totaling 66 million and subordinated debentures of 26 million were also assumed in the acquisition. However, the aforementioned decline in deposits experienced in the latter part of the year served to partially offset the acquisition-related growth noted above. 
 
 Stockholders equity increased 85 million, or 13 , to 760 million at December 31, 2022 from 676 million at December 31, 2021. Stock issued in relation to the CB acquisition, which totaled 134 million, and net income of 93.0 million were offset by a 108 million negative fluctuation in AOCI and dividends declared during 2022. The large decline in AOCI from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was the result of the rising interest rate environment and its corresponding impact on the valuation of the AFS debt securities portfolio. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents declined 794 million, or 83 , ending at 167 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 961 million at December 31, 2021. The decline stemmed from loan growth and investment in the securities portfolio in addition to deposit run-off, as the elevated deposit balances generally maintained by the customer base over the past several quarters have gradually dissipated. While the average balance of cash and cash equivalents increased 58 million, or 7 , over the past 12 months on the heels of PPP activity and deposit growth stemming from both acquisition-related activity and the aforementioned higher deposit levels maintained by the customer base in general, Bancorp has seen liquidity retreat from the record levels experienced at the end of 2021. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 The primary purpose of the investment securities portfolio is to provide another source of interest income, as well as a tool for liquidity management. In managing the composition of the balance sheet, Bancorp seeks a balance between earnings sources, credit and liquidity considerations. 
 
 Investment securities increased 438 million, or 37 , to 1.62 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.18 billion at December 31, 2021. In addition to 247 million of securities added as a result of the CB acquisition, Bancorp continued to actively invest in the securities portfolio in an effort to deploy excess liquidity by purchasing 653 million of debt securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Partially offsetting growth associated with purchasing and acquisition-related activity was scheduled maturity/amortization and prepayment activity, as well as market depreciation of approximately 143 million stemming from an upward move in the interest rate environment experienced during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

55

Table of Contents 

A portion of the securities added during the first quarter of 2022, through both acquisition and normal investment activity, were classified as HTM. This election was made in an effort to lessen the impact that the rising interest rate environment has on the valuation of the AFS debt securities portfolio, and ultimately its impact on capital through AOCI. No debt securities were classified as HTM at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bancorp s investment securities portfolio consisted of AFS and HTM securities as detailed below: 

AFS 

HTM 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Carrying 

Investment 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Value 

Securities 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 

115,039 

217,794 

332,833 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 

143,626 

27,507 

171,133 

MBS - government agencies 

752,738 

227,916 

980,654 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

127,599 

- 

127,599 

Other 

5,615 

- 

5,615 

Total investment securities 

1,144,617 

473,217 

1,617,834 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 

122,501 

- 

122,501 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 

135,021 

- 

135,021 

MBS - government agencies 

846,624 

- 

846,624 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

75,075 

- 

75,075 

Other 

1,077 

- 

1,077 

Total investment securities 

1,180,298 

- 

1,180,298 

The maturity distribution (based on contractual maturity) and weighted average yields of the AFS and HTM investment security portfolios follow: 

AFS 

Due after one but 

Due after five but 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Due within one year 

within five years 

within ten years 

Due after ten years 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 

3,025 

2.30 

112,014 

0.50 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 

30,197 

2.35 

6,380 

1.21 

8,493 

1.72 

98,556 

3.31 

MBS - government agencies 

152 

1.73 

21,405 

1.81 

78,655 

1.92 

652,526 

1.93 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

6,103 

2.00 

25,749 

2.00 

46,316 

1.94 

49,431 

1.97 

Other 

1,995 

1.97 

980 

2.29 

2,640 

3.23 

41,472 

2.27 

166,528 

0.94 

136,104 

1.94 

800,513 

2.10 

HTM 

Due after one but 

Due after five but 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Due within one year 

within five years 

within ten years 

Due after ten years 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 

15,013 

1.30 

202,781 

2.07 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 

604 

2.42 

26,293 

2.64 

610 

3.57 

MBS - government agencies 

20 

0.97 

26,616 

2.01 

3,316 

2.00 

197,964 

2.30 

15,033 

1.30 

230,001 

2.06 

29,609 

2.57 

198,574 

2.30 

Actual maturities for mortgage-backed securities may differ from contractual maturities due to prepayments on underlying collateral. 

56

Table of Contents 

Loans 
 
 Composition of loans by primary loan portfolio class follows: 

Variance 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

1,397,346 

1,128,244 

269,102 

24 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

834,629 

678,405 

156,224 

23 

Total commercial real estate 

2,231,975 

1,806,649 

425,326 

24 

Commercial and industrial - term 

765,163 

596,710 

168,453 

28 

Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 

18,593 

140,734 

(122,141) 

-87 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

465,813 

370,312 

95,501 

26 

Total commercial and industrial 

1,249,569 

1,107,756 

141,813 

13 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

591,515 

400,695 

190,820 

48 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

313,248 

281,018 

32,230 

11 

Total residential real estate 

904,763 

681,713 

223,050 

33 

Construction and land development 

445,690 

299,206 

146,484 

49 

Home equity lines of credit 

200,725 

138,976 

61,749 

44 

Consumer 

139,461 

104,294 

35,167 

34 

Leases 

13,322 

13,622 

(300) 

-2 

Credit cards 

20,413 

17,087 

3,326 

19 

Total Loans (1) 

5,205,918 

4,169,303 

1,036,615 

25 

(1) Total loans are presented inclusive of premiums, discounts and net loan origination fees and costs. 
 
 Total loans increased 1.04 billion, or 25 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, driven by the addition of 632 million in loans related to the CB acquisition and strong organic loan growth, which more than offset a 122 million decline in the PPP loan portfolio. 
 
 Excluding the loans acquired through the CB acquisition and the PPP portfolio, loan growth of 529 million, or 13 , was experienced between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven by solid organic growth across virtually every loan portfolio segment. 
 
 After hitting a pandemic-era low of 36.5 at March 31, 2021, total line of credit utilization has improved significantly, reaching 42.3 at December 31, 2022, led by C I utilization, which increased from 23.9 to 33.1 over the same period, respectively. However, line of credit usage has remained below pre-pandemic levels, with customers continuing to utilize excess cash for financing needs as opposed to drawing on available lines. Further, the addition of new lines, particularly within the C D and C I portfolio segments, increased availability for the year ended December 31, 2022, but utilization of the new lines has remained relatively slow. 
 
 PPP loans of 19 million were outstanding at December 31, 2022, including approximately 312,000 in related net unrecognized fees, which will be recognized immediately once the loans are paid off or forgiven by the SBA. The timing of forgiveness activity and the related fee recognition on the remaining outstanding PPP portfolio has become less significant, as over 98 of the original portfolio has been forgiven. 

57

Table of Contents 

Bancorp s credit exposure is diversified with secured and unsecured loans to individuals and businesses. No specific industry concentration exceeds 10 of loans outstanding. While Bancorp has a diversified loan portfolio, a customer s ability to honor contracts is somewhat dependent upon the economic stability and/or industry in which that customer does business. Loans outstanding and related unfunded commitments are primarily concentrated within Bancorp s current market areas, which encompass Louisville, Kentucky, central and eastern Kentucky, Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio. 
 
 Bancorp occasionally enters into loan participation agreements with other banks to diversify credit risk. For certain participation loans sold, Bancorp has retained effective control of the loans, typically by restricting the participating institutions from pledging or selling their ownership share of the loan without permission from Bancorp. GAAP requires the participated portion of these loans to be recorded as secured borrowings. These participated loans are included in the C I and CRE loan portfolio segments with a corresponding liability recorded in other liabilities. At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total participated portion of loans of this nature totaled approximately 5 million, respectively. 

58

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the maturity distribution and rate sensitivity of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022: 

Maturity 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 
 Within one year 

After one but within five years 

After five but within fifteen years 

After fifteen years 

Total 

of Total 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

Fixed rate 

73,967 

581,769 

346,920 

141,768 

1,144,424 

82 

Variable rate 

60,075 

87,546 

104,108 

1,193 

252,922 

18 

Total 

134,042 

669,315 

451,028 

142,961 

1,397,346 

100 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Fixed rate 

34,861 

346,059 

303,376 

62,920 

747,216 

90 

Variable rate 

9,372 

15,391 

49,347 

13,303 

87,413 

10 

Total 

44,233 

361,450 

352,723 

76,223 

834,629 

100 

Commercial and industrial - term 

Fixed rate 

15,288 

286,652 

179,956 

3,530 

485,426 

63 

Variable rate 

50,328 

141,770 

87,639 

- 

279,737 

37 

Total 

65,616 

428,422 

267,595 

3,530 

765,163 

100 

Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 

Fixed rate 

313 

18,280 

- 

- 

18,593 

100 

Variable rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0 

Total 

313 

18,280 

- 

- 

18,593 

100 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

Fixed rate 

6,122 

47,160 

48,534 

- 

101,816 

22 

Variable rate 

288,422 

71,717 

1,942 

1,916 

363,997 

78 

Total 

294,544 

118,877 

50,476 

1,916 

465,813 

100 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

Fixed rate 

5,264 

22,649 

82,430 

471,815 

582,158 

98 

Variable rate 

372 

1,221 

1,269 

6,495 

9,357 

2 

Total 

5,636 

23,870 

83,699 

478,310 

591,515 

100 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

Fixed rate 

8,332 

101,032 

88,021 

107,426 

304,811 

97 

Variable rate 

3,687 

1,926 

2,724 

100 

8,437 

3 

Total 

12,019 

102,958 

90,745 

107,526 

313,248 

100 

Construction and land development 

Fixed rate 

9,558 

49,338 

136,025 

12,435 

207,356 

47 

Variable rate 

60,232 

150,264 

26,445 

1,393 

238,334 

53 

Total 

69,790 

199,602 

162,470 

13,828 

445,690 

100 

Home equity lines of credit 

Fixed rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0 

Variable rate 

14,308 

45,764 

118,969 

21,684 

200,725 

100 

Total 

14,308 

45,764 

118,969 

21,684 

200,725 

100 

(continued) 

59

Table of Contents 

(continued) 
 
 Maturity 

December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 
 Within one year 

After one but within five years 

After five but within fifteen years 

After fifteen years 

Total 

of Total 

Consumer 

Fixed rate 

3,464 

35,997 

20,059 

837 

60,357 

43 

Variable rate 

58,965 

19,713 

426 

- 

79,104 

57 

Total 

62,429 

55,710 

20,485 

837 

139,461 

100 

Leases 

Fixed rate 

1,053 

10,483 

1,786 

- 

13,322 

100 

Variable rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0 

Total 

1,053 

10,483 

1,786 

- 

13,322 

100 

Credit Cards 

Fixed rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0 

Variable rate 

20,413 

- 

- 

- 

20,413 

100 

Total 

20,413 

- 

- 

- 

20,413 

100 

Total Loans 

Fixed rate 

158,222 

1,499,419 

1,207,107 

800,731 

3,665,479 

71 

Variable rate 

566,174 

535,312 

392,869 

46,084 

1,540,439 

29 

Total 

724,396 

2,034,731 

1,599,976 

846,815 

5,205,918 

100 

In the event Bancorp structures a loan with a maturity exceeding five years (typically CRE loans), an automatic rate adjustment will typically be set in place at five years from origination date to limit overall interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 Non-performing Loans and Assets 
 
 Information summarizing non-performing loans and assets follows: 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Non-accrual loans 

14,242 

6,712 

12,514 

11,494 

2,611 

Troubled debt restructurings 

- 

12 

16 

34 

42 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

892 

684 

649 

535 

745 

Total non-performing loans 

15,134 

7,408 

13,179 

12,063 

3,398 

Other real estate owned 

677 

7,212 

281 

493 

1,018 

Total non-performing assets 

15,811 

14,620 

13,460 

12,556 

4,416 

Non-performing loans to total loans 

0.29 

0.18 

0.37 

0.42 

0.13 

Non-peforming loans to total loans (excluding PPP) (1) 

0.29 

0.18 

0.44 

N/A 

N/A 

Non-performing assets as to total assets 

0.21 

0.22 

0.29 

0.34 

0.13 

ACL for loans to non-performing loans 

486 

728 

394 

222 

751 

(1) See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Non-performing loans to total loans were 0.29 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.18 at December 31, 2021, the increase being attributed largely to one CRE relationship that was put on non-accrual status. 
 
 Non-performing assets totaled 16 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 15 million at December 31, 2021. 

60

Table of Contents 

In total, non-performing assets as of December 31, 2022 were comprised of 111 loans ranging in individual amounts up to 7 million and OREO. At December 31, 2022, OREO included two CRE properties and one residential real estate property. 
 
 The following table presents the major classifications of non-accrual loans by primary portfolio: 

December 31, (in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

7,707 

720 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

2,525 

1,748 

Total commercial real estate 

10,232 

2,468 

Commercial and industrial - term 

1,182 

670 

Commercial and industrial - PPP 

21 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

348 

228 

Total commercial and industrial 

1,551 

898 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

1,801 

1,997 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

219 

293 

Total residential real estate 

2,020 

2,290 

Construction and land development 

Home equity lines of credit 

205 

646 

Consumer 

234 

410 

Leases 

Credit cards 

Total non-accrual loans 

14,242 

6,712 

Loans are placed in a non-accrual income status when prospects for recovering both principal and accrued interest are considered doubtful or when a default of principal or interest has existed for 90 days or more, unless such a loan is well- secured and in the process of collection or renewal. Interest income recorded on non-accrual loans as principal payments was 160,000, 312,000, and 350,000 for 2022, 2021, and 2020. Interest income that would have been recorded if non-accrual loans were on a current basis in accordance with their original terms was 1.1 million, 359,000, and 457,000 for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 In addition to non-performing loans discussed above, there were loans, which are accruing interest, for which payments were current or less than 90 days past due where borrowers are experiencing elevated financial difficulties. These substandard loans totaled approximately 40 million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. These relationships are monitored closely for possible future inclusion in non-performing loans. Management believes it has adequately reflected credit exposure in these loans in its determination of the allowance. 
 
 Loans accounted for as TDRs include modifications from original terms such as those due to bankruptcy proceedings, certain changes to amortization periods or extended suspension of principal payments due to customer financial difficulties. To the extent that Bancorp chooses to work with borrowers by providing reasonable concessions rather than initiating collection, this would result in an increase in loans accounted for as TDRs. TDRs that are in non-accrual status are reported as non-accrual loans. Loans accounted for as TDRs are individually evaluated for impairment and are reported as non-performing loans. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no loans modified as TDRs and there were no payment defaults of existing TDRs within 12 months following modification. At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had one loan classified as a TDR, the balance of which was 850,000. Bancorp had two loans classified as TDR at December 31, 2021, the balances of which were 950,000 and 12,000, respectively, the latter of which was paid off during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

61

Table of Contents 

Delinquent Loans 
 
 Delinquent loans (consisting of all loans 30 days or more past due) totaled 17 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 11 million at December 31, 2021. Delinquent loans total loans were 0.32 and 0.26 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The increase in delinquent loans between December 31, 2022 and 2021 stems mainly from loans added through acquisitions over the past two years. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The ACL for loans is a valuation allowance for loans estimated at each balance sheet date in accordance with GAAP. When Bancorp deems all or a portion of a loan to be uncollectible, the appropriate amount is written off and the ACL is reduced by the same amount. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL when received. See the Footnote titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion of Bancorp s ACL methodology on loans. Allocations of the ACL may be made for specific loans, but the entire ACL for loans is available for any loan that, in Bancorp s judgment, should be charged-off. 
 
 The following table reflects activity in the ACL for loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

(in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Beginning Balance 

Initial ACL on PCD Loans 

Provision for C redit Losses on Loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending Balance 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

15,960 

3,508 

3,173 

(37) 

37 

22,641 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

9,595 

2,121 

(1,061) 

(41) 

213 

10,827 

Total commercial real estate 

25,555 

5,629 

2,112 

(78) 

250 

33,468 

Commercial and industrial - term 

8,577 

1,358 

2,497 

(724) 

1,283 

12,991 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

4,802 

1,874 

(87) 

(200) 

- 

6,389 

Total commercial and industrial 

13,379 

3,232 

2,410 

(924) 

1,283 

19,380 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

4,316 

590 

1,777 

(30) 

64 

6,717 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

3,677 

- 

(75) 

(27) 

22 

3,597 

Total residential real estate 

7,993 

590 

1,702 

(57) 

86 

10,314 

Construction and land development 

4,789 

419 

2,050 

(72) 

- 

7,186 

Home equity lines of credit 

1,044 

2 

567 

- 

- 

1,613 

Consumer 

772 

78 

750 

(1,080) 

638 

1,158 

Leases 

204 

- 

(3) 

- 

- 

201 

Credit cards 

162 

- 

94 

(96) 

51 

211 

Total 

53,898 

9,950 

9,682 

(2,307) 

2,308 

73,531 

62

Table of Contents 

(in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Beginning Balance 

Initial ACL on PCD Loans 

Provision for Credit Losses on Loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending Balance 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

19,396 

1,491 

(2,031) 

(3,065) 

169 

15,960 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

6,983 

2,112 

1,826 

(1,909) 

583 

9,595 

Total commercial real estate 

26,379 

3,603 

(205) 

(4,974) 

752 

25,555 

Commercial and industrial - term 

8,970 

1,022 

(112) 

(1,337) 

34 

8,577 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

3,614 

1,755 

(567) 

- 

- 

4,802 

Total commercial and industrial 

12,584 

2,777 

(679) 

(1,337) 

34 

13,379 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

3,389 

142 

1,134 

(383) 

34 

4,316 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

1,818 

88 

1,766 

- 

5 

3,677 

Total residential real estate 

5,207 

230 

2,900 

(383) 

39 

7,993 

Construction and land development 

6,119 

- 

(1,333) 

- 

3 

4,789 

Home equity lines of credit 

895 

147 

1 

- 

1 

1,044 

Consumer 

340 

- 

743 

(987) 

676 

772 

Leases 

261 

- 

(57) 

- 

- 

204 

Credit cards 

135 

- 

27 

- 

- 

162 

Total 

51,920 

6,757 

1,397 

(7,681) 

1,505 

53,898 

(in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Beginning Balance 

Impact of Adopting ASC 326 

Initial ACL on PCD Loans 

Provision for Credit Losses on Loans 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending Balance 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

5,235 

2,946 

152 

11,194 

(143) 

12 

19,396 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

3,327 

1,542 

1,350 

2,115 

(1,351) 

- 

6,983 

Total commercial real estate 

8,562 

4,488 

1,502 

13,309 

(1,494) 

12 

26,379 

Commercial and industrial - term 

6,782 

365 

- 

1,832 

(18) 

9 

8,970 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

5,657 

(1,528) 

- 

(515) 

- 

- 

3,614 

Total commercial and industrial 

12,439 

(1,163) 

- 

1,317 

(18) 

9 

12,584 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

1,527 

1,087 

99 

737 

(79) 

18 

3,389 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

947 

429 

- 

442 

(2) 

2 

1,818 

Total residential real estate 

2,474 

1,516 

99 

1,179 

(81) 

20 

5,207 

Construction and land development 

2,105 

3,056 

- 

902 

- 

56 

6,119 

Home equity lines of credit 

728 

114 

- 

53 

- 

- 

895 

Consumer 

100 

264 

34 

91 

(508) 

359 

340 

Leases 

237 

(4) 

- 

28 

- 

- 

261 

Credit cards - commercial 

146 

(50) 

- 

39 

- 

- 

135 

Total net loan (charge-offs) recoveries 

26,791 

8,221 

1,635 

16,918 

(2,101) 

456 

51,920 

Bancorp s ACL for loans was 74 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 54 million as of December 31, 2021. The change in the ACL for loans was driven by a number of factors, which resulted in the 20 million, or 36 , increase for the year ended December 31, 2022. Activity associated with the CB acquisition was responsible for a total increase to the ACL for loans of 14 million in 2022, comprised of a 10 million day one adjustment for specific reserves placed on acquired PCD loans (offset to goodwill) and 4.4 million of provision for credit loss expense on loans related to the remaining acquired non-PCD loan portfolio. 

63

Table of Contents 

Provision expense for credit losses on loans (excluding acquisition-related activity) of 5.3 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. Significant organic loan growth, inflation and recession-based fears that drove increases in the projected unemployment rate forecast, along with qualitative factor updates related to the potential impact of rising rates on the C I portfolio were the main drivers of expense within the CECL model for 2022. Further, net charge off/recovery activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was minimal. 
 
 The table below details net charge-offs to average loans outstanding by category of loan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) Year ended December 31, 
 
 Net (charge offs)/ recoveries 

Average loans 

Net (charge offs)/ recoveries to average loans 

Net (charge offs)/ recoveries 

Average loans 

Net (charge offs)/ recoveries to average loans 

Net (charge offs)/ recoveries 

Average loans 

Net (charge offs)/ recoveries to average loans 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

- 

1,342,829 

0.00 

(2,896) 

1,027,405 

-0.28 

(131) 

818,132 

-0.02 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

172 

782,185 

0.02 

(1,326) 

592,577 

-0.22 

(1,351) 

493,141 

-0.27 

Total commercial real estate 

172 

2,125,014 

0.01 

(4,222) 

1,619,982 

-0.26 

(1,482) 

1,311,273 

-0.11 

Commercial and industrial - term 

559 

692,214 

0.08 

(1,303) 

550,101 

-0.24 

(9) 

441,244 

0.00 

Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 

- 

52,704 

0.00 

- 

397,282 

0.00 

- 

442,510 

0.00 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

(200) 

417,254 

-0.05 

- 

290,231 

0.00 

- 

271,428 

0.00 

Total commercial and industrial 

359 

1,162,172 

0.03 

(1,303) 

1,237,614 

-0.11 

(9) 

1,155,182 

0.00 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

34 

513,458 

0.01 

(349) 

334,718 

-0.10 

(61) 

224,501 

-0.03 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

(5) 

296,682 

0.00 

5 

221,214 

0.00 

- 

140,923 

0.00 

Total residential real estate 

29 

810,140 

0.00 

(344) 

555,932 

-0.06 

(61) 

365,424 

-0.02 

Construction and land development 

(72) 

374,415 

-0.02 

3 

290,705 

0.00 

56 

265,796 

0.02 

Home equity lines of credit 

- 

182,874 

0.00 

1 

121,276 

0.00 

- 

103,143 

0.00 

Consumer 

(442) 

130,595 

-0.34 

(311) 

98,093 

-0.32 

(149) 

79,018 

-0.19 

Leases 

- 

13,849 

0.00 

- 

13,770 

0.00 

- 

15,271 

0.00 

Credit cards 

(45) 

20,065 

-0.22 

- 

13,885 

0.00 

- 

9,802 

0.00 

Total 

1 

4,819,124 

0.00 

(6,176) 

3,951,257 

-0.16 

(1,645) 

3,304,909 

-0.05 

64

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the ACL by category of loan: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Allocated Allowance 

of Total ACL for loans 

ACL for loans to Total Loans (1) 

Allocated Allowance 

of Total ACL for loans 

ACL for loans to Total Loans (1) 

Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 

22,641 

31 

1.62 

15,960 

30 

1.41 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

10,827 

15 

1.30 

9,595 

18 

1.41 

Total commercial real estate 

33,468 

46 

1.50 

25,555 

48 

1.41 

Commercial and industrial - term (1) 

12,991 

17 

1.70 

8,577 

16 

1.44 

Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 

6,389 

9 

1.37 

4,802 

9 

1.30 

Total commercial and industrial 

19,380 

26 

1.57 

13,379 

25 

1.38 

Residential real estate - owner occupied 

6,717 

9 

1.14 

4,316 

8 

1.08 

Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 

3,597 

5 

1.15 

3,677 

7 

1.31 

Total residential real estate 

10,314 

14 

1.14 

7,993 

15 

1.17 

Construction and land development 

7,186 

10 

1.61 

4,789 

9 

1.60 

Home equity lines of credit 

1,613 

2 

0.80 

1,044 

2 

0.75 

Consumer 

1,158 

2 

0.83 

772 

1 

0.74 

Leases 

201 

0 

1.51 

204 

0 

1.50 

Credit cards 

211 

0 

1.03 

162 

0 

0.95 

Total 

73,531 

100 

1.42 

53,898 

100 

1.34 

(1) Excludes the PPP loan portfolio, which was not reserved for based on the underlying 100 SBA guarantee. 
 
 The ACL for loans calculation and resulting credit loss expense is significantly impacted by changes in forecasted economic conditions. Should the forecast for economic conditions change, Bancorp could experience further adjustments in its required ACL for loans credit loss expense. 
 
 Selected ratios relating to the allowance follow: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Provision for credit losses on loans to average total loans 

0.20 

0.04 

0.51 

Net (charge-offs)/recoveries to average total loans 

0.00 

-0.16 

-0.05 

ACL for loans to average loans 

1.53 

1.36 

1.57 

ACL for loans to total loans 

1.41 

1.29 

1.47 

ACL for loans to total loans (excluding PPP) (1) 

1.42 

1.34 

1.74 

(1) See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 While separate from the ACL for loans and recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures also experienced an increase between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The CB acquisition resulted in a 500,000 increase to the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures during the first quarter, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense). Provision for credit loss expense of 575,000 was also recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven largely by the addition of new construction loans, partially offset by increased C I utilization. ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures stood at 4.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 

65

Table of Contents 

Premises and Equipment 
 
 Premises and equipment are presented on the consolidated balance sheets net of related depreciation on the respective assets, as well as fair value adjustments associated with purchase accounting. Premises and equipment increased 25 million, or 32 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven by the CB acquisition. As a result of the acquisition, 15 branches were acquired, four of which were closed shortly acquisition as a result of overlapping with existing locations of the Bank. Bancorp s branch network currently consists of 73 locations throughout Louisville, central, eastern and northern, Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets. 
 
 Premises held for sale totaling 3 million was recorded on Bancorp s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, which consists of three vacant parcels of land, one branch acquired from CB and one legacy SYB branch. 
 
 BOLI 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance assets increased 32 million, or 60 , to 85 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 53 million at December 31, 2021. During the third quarter of 2022, Bancorp purchased an additional 30 million of BOLI assets in an effort to deploy excess liquidity. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had 194 million in goodwill recorded on its balance sheet. Goodwill of 67 million was initially recorded in relation to the March 7, 2022 acquisition of CB, 8.5 million of which was subsequently written off as a result of Bancorp selling its partial interest in LFA. Effective December 31, 2022, management finalized the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities associated with the CB acquisition in advance of the 12 month post-acquisition date, as allowed by GAAP. 
 
 Events that may trigger goodwill impairment include deterioration in economic conditions, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (i.e. stock price falling below tangible book value), negative trends in overall financial performance and regulatory action. At September 30, 2022, Bancorp elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded their carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was not more-likely-than-not that the carrying value of the reporting units exceeded their fair value. 
 
 Core Deposit and Customer List Intangibles 
 
 CDIs and CLIs arising from business acquisitions are initially measured at fair value and are then amortized on an accelerated method based on their useful lives. As a result of the 2022 CB acquisition, a CDI asset of 13 million was recorded. As a result of the 2021 KB acquisition, a CDI asset of 4 million was recorded. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Bancorp s CDI assets were 15 million and 6 million, respectively. 
 
 CLI assets totaling 14 million were also recorded in association with the CB acquisition. Of this total, 12 million was attributed to CB s WM T segment and 2 million attributed to LFA. No similar assets were recorded in relation to the KB acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, Bancorp s CLI assets totaled 10 million. As previously noted, Bancorp s interest in LFA was sold effective December 31, 2022. As a result, the CLI associated with LFA noted above was written off and is included in the loss recorded in relation to the sale for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
 
 Other assets increased 49 million, or 57 , as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, while other liabilities increased 29 million, or 30 , for the same respective periods. 
 
 The increase in other assets stems largely from a 30 million increase in DTAs driven by the significant market depreciation experienced within the AFS debt securities portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 associated with rising interest rates. The rising interest rate environment also drove an 8 million increase in Bancorp s interest rate swap assets. Further, 13 million in MSR assets were added during the first quarter in relation to the CB acquisition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Bancorp did not incur any impairment with respect to its intangible assets or other long-lived assets. 

66

Table of Contents 

The increase for Other liabilities between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was driven largely by acquisition-related activity resulting in higher accrued employee incentive compensation, employee benefits and various other liabilities. Further, the rising interest rate environment also drove an 8 million increase in Bancorp s interest rate swap liabilities, corresponding with the increase noted above for Other assets. 
 
 Market value changes on interest rate swap transactions maintained for certain loan customers played a role in the fluctuations of both Other Asset and Other Liabilities, as noted above. Bancorp enters into these interest rate swap transactions with borrowers who desire to hedge exposure to rising interest rates, while at the same time entering into an offsetting interest rate swap, with substantially matching terms, with another approved independent counterparty. These are undesignated derivative instruments and are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value via both an asset and a related liability as Bancorp has an agreement with the borrower (the asset) and the counterparty (the liability). Because of matching terms of offsetting contracts and collateral provisions mitigating any non-performance risk, changes in fair value have an offsetting effect on the related asset and liability. For this reason, the market value changes over the past 12 months stemming from the rising interest rate environment have resulted in increases to both the asset and liability associated with these transactions. For additional information, see the footnote titled Interest Rate Swaps. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 Total deposits increased 604 million, or 10 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Deposits totaling 1.12 billion were assumed as a result of the CB acquisition on March 7, 2022. Excluding the deposits added through the CB acquisition, deposits declined 517 million, or 9 , as the elevated deposit levels that had generally been maintained by the customer base for several quarters following the PPP moderated during 2022. While Bancorp has not experienced fallout within the customer base, we anticipate deposit pricing will be a challenge to future NIM expansion. 

(dollars in thousands) 

Variance 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

1,950,198 

1,755,754 

194,444 

11 

Interest bearing deposits: 

Interest bearing demand 

2,308,960 

2,131,928 

177,032 

8 

Savings 

535,903 

415,258 

120,645 

29 

Money market 

1,124,100 

1,050,352 

73,748 

7 

Time deposit accounts of 250,000 or more 

97,638 

89,745 

7,893 

9 

Other time deposits 

374,453 

344,477 

29,976 

9 

Total time deposits (1) 

472,091 

434,222 

37,869 

9 

Total interest bearing deposits 

4,441,054 

4,031,760 

409,294 

10 

Total deposits 

6,391,252 

5,787,514 

603,738 

10 

(1) 
 Includes 599,000 and 5 million in brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Bancorp experienced both significant average deposit growth and sharp increases in the rates paid on deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. While average deposit growth was attributed entirely to the CB acquisition, the FRB s aggressive interest rate moves drove up deposit rates. Bancorp increased rates on transaction and time deposit accounts alike during 2022, due to both proactive strategic measures and competitive pricing pressure. The average cost of interest bearing deposits increased 20 bps to 0.37 between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, while the overall cost of deposits (including non-interest bearing deposits) increased 10 bps to 0.25 over the same period. Bancorp anticipates increasing deposit costs could continue to place pressure on NIM in 2023. 

67

Table of Contents 

Average deposit balances and average rates paid on such deposits for the years indicated are summarized as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average balance 

Average rate 

Average balance 

Average rate 

Average balance 

Average rate 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

2,053,213 

1,578,795 

1,100,942 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

2,218,416 

0.41 

1,633,606 

0.11 

1,133,308 

0.16 

Savings deposits 

538,971 

0.12 

328,570 

0.03 

190,368 

0.02 

Money market deposits 

1,140,025 

0.46 

919,778 

0.06 

771,363 

0.19 

Time deposits 

487,981 

0.27 

420,308 

0.76 

412,506 

1.74 

Total average deposits 

6,438,606 

4,881,057 

3,608,487 

Maturities of time deposits of 250,000 or more at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

(in thousands) 

Three months or less 

16,876 

Over three through six months 

10,024 

Over six through 12 months 

36,180 

Over 12 months 

34,558 

Total 

97,638 

Securities Sold Under Agreement to Repurchase 
 
 SSUAR represent a funding source of Bancorp and are primarily used by commercial customers in conjunction with collateralized corporate cash management accounts. Such repurchase agreements are considered financing agreements and mature within one business day from the transaction date. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, all of these financing arrangements had overnight maturities and were secured by government sponsored enterprise obligations and government agency mortgage-backed securities that were owned and controlled by Bancorp. 
 
 Information concerning SSUAR follows: 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Outstanding balance at end of period 

133,342 

75,466 

Weighted average interest rate at end of period 

1.64 

0.04 

Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Average outstanding balance during the period 

122,154 

62,534 

40,363 

Average interest rate during the period 

0.46 

0.04 

0.09 

Maximum outstanding at any month end during the period 

161,512 

81,964 

47,979 

SSUARs totaled 133 million and 75 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as SSUARs totaling 66 million were assumed as part of the CB acquisition. The remaining fluctuation in SSUAR is consistent with the decrease in deposit balances previously noted (excluding acquisition-related activity). 

68

Table of Contents 

Federal Funds Purchased and Other Short-Term Borrowing 
 
 FFP and other short-term borrowing balances decreased 2 million, or 15 , between December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, FFP related entirely to excess liquidity held by downstream correspondent bank customers of Bancorp. 
 
 Subordinated debentures 
 
 As a result of the CB acquisition, Bancorp became the 100 successor owner of the following unconsolidated trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. The TPS are treated as part of Tier 1 Capital. The subordinated note and related interest expense are included in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. The subordinated notes are currently redeemable at Bancorp s option on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, subordinated notes added through the CB acquisition totaled 26 million. 
 
 FHLB advances 
 
 FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 totaled 50 million, consisting entirely of a one-week cash management advance utilized at year-end for short-term liquidity purposes. This advance represents the only FHLB advance utilized by Bancorp in 2022 and matures in early January 2023. There were no FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2021, as all outstanding FHLB advances either matured or were paid off by the end of the 2021. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 The role of liquidity management is to ensure funds are available to meet depositors withdrawal and borrowers credit demands while at the same time maximizing profitability. This is accomplished by balancing changes in demand for funds with changes in supply of those funds. Liquidity is provided by short-term assets that can be converted to cash, AFS debt securities, various lines of credit available to Bancorp, and the ability to attract funds from external sources, principally deposits. Management believes it has the ability to increase deposits at any time by offering rates slightly higher than market rate. 
 
 Bancorp s Asset/Liability Committee is comprised of senior management and has direct oversight responsibility for Bancorp s liquidity position and profile. A combination of reports provided to management details internal liquidity metrics, composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, and exposure to contingent draws on Bancorp s liquidity. 
 
 Bancorp s most liquid assets are comprised of cash and due from banks, FFS and AFS debt securities. FFS and interest bearing deposits totaled 85 million and 899 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The decrease experienced for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributed to significant investment in the securities portfolio, strong organic loan growth and a general decline in deposits. FFS normally have overnight maturities while interest-bearing deposits in banks are accessible on demand. These investments are used for general daily liquidity purposes. 
 
 The fair value of the AFS debt security portfolio was 1.14 billion and 1.18 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. The lack of growth in AFS debt security portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributed to both classifying securities purchased and acquired during the first quarter as HTM for general capital purposes, as well as significant market depreciation experienced on the AFS portfolio since December 31, 2021 due to rising rates. The investment portfolio (HTM and AFS) includes scheduled maturities of 54 million and cash flows on amortizing debt securities of approximately 238 million (based on assumed prepayment speeds as of December 31, 2022) expected over the next 12 months. Combined with FFS and interest bearing deposits from banks, AFS debt securities offer substantial resources to meet either loan growth or reductions in Bancorp s deposit funding base. Bancorp pledges portions of its investment securities portfolio to secure public funds, cash balances of certain WM T accounts and SSUAR. At December 31, 2022, total investment securities pledged for these purposes comprised 68 of the debt securities portfolio, leaving approximately 525 million of unpledged debt securities. 

69

Table of Contents 

Bancorp s deposit base consists mainly of core deposits, defined as time deposits less than or equal to 250,000, demand, savings, and money market deposit accounts, and excludes public funds and brokered deposits. At December 31, 2022, such deposits totaled 5.60 billion and represented 88 of Bancorp s total deposits, as compared with 5.05 billion, or 87 of total deposits at December 31, 2021. Because these core deposits are less volatile and are often tied to other products of Bancorp through long lasting relationships, they do not place undue pressure on liquidity. Non-core deposit balances may be more sensitive to market rates, with potential decreases possibly straining Bancorp s liquidity position. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Bancorp held brokered deposits totaling 599,000 and 5 million, respectively, all of which is attributed to deposits added through acquisition-related activity over the past 12 months. 
 
 Included in total deposit balances at December 31, 2022 are 692 million in public funds generally comprised of accounts with local government agencies and public school districts in the markets in which Bancorp operates. At December 31, 2021, public funds deposits totaled 645 million, the increase over prior year being attributed to relationships added through the CB acquisition. 
 
 Bancorp is a member of the FHLB of Cincinnati. As a member of the FHLB, Bancorp has access to credit products of the FHLB. Bancorp views these borrowings as a potential low cost alternative to brokered deposits. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, available credit from the FHLB totaled 1.36 billion and 1.00 billion, respectively. Bancorp also had unsecured FFP lines with correspondent banks totaling 80 million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, Bancorp had borrowing capacity of 20 million available through an unsecured borrowing line at the holding company as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the normal course of business, Bancorp enters into certain forms of off-balance sheet transactions, including unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. These transactions are managed through Bancorp s various risk management processes. Management considers both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet transactions in its evaluation of Bancorp s liquidity. 
 
 Bancorp s principal source of cash is dividends paid to it as the sole shareholder of the Bank. As discussed in the Footnote titled Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, as of January 1st of any year, the Bank may pay dividends in an amount equal to the Bank s net income of the prior two years less any dividends paid for the same two years. At December 31, 2022, the Bank could pay an amount equal to 86 million in dividends to Bancorp without regulatory approval subject to ongoing capital requirements of the Bank. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Cash flow is provided primarily through financing activities of Bancorp, which include raising deposits and borrowing funds from institutional sources such as advances from the FHLB and FFP, as well as scheduled loan repayments and cash flows from AFS debt securities. These funds are primarily used to facilitate investment activities of Bancorp, which include making loans and purchasing securities for the investment portfolio. Another important source of cash is net income of the Bank from operating activities. For further detail regarding the sources and uses of cash, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 In the normal course of business, Bancorp is party to activities that contain credit, market and operational risk that are not reflected in whole or in part in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. Such activities include traditional off-balance sheet credit-related financial instruments, commitments under operating leases and long-term debt. 
 
 Bancorp provides customers with off-balance sheet credit support through loan commitments and standby letters of credit. Unused loan commitments increased 372 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 consistent with the CB acquisition and strong organic growth. 

70

Table of Contents 

Commitments to extend credit are an agreement to lend to a customer as long as collateral is available as agreed upon and there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Bancorp uses the same credit and collateral policies in making commitments and conditional guarantees as for on-balance sheet instruments. Bancorp evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, securities, equipment and real estate. However, should the commitments be drawn upon and should our customers default on their resulting obligation to us, our maximum exposure to credit loss, without consideration of collateral, is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. 
 
 Additional detail regarding credit-related financial instruments, including both commitments to extend credit and letters of credit at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Amount of commitment expiration per period 

Less than 

One-three 

Three-five 

Over five 

(in thousands) 
 
 one year 

years 

years 

years 

Total 

Unused loan commitments 

980,962 

450,319 

427,265 

170,337 

2,028,883 

Standby letters of credit 

30,389 

4,255 

60 

34,704 

While separate from the ACL for loans and recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures also experienced an increase between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The CB acquisition resulted in a 500,000 increase to the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures during the first quarter, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision for credit loss expense). Provision for credit loss expense for off balance sheet exposures of 575,000 was also recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven largely by the addition of new construction loans. ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures stood at 4.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by Bancorp to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party beneficiary. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support commercial transactions. Standby letters of credit generally have maturities of one to two years. 
 
 In addition to owned banking facilities, Bancorp has entered into long-term leasing arrangements for certain branch facilities. Bancorp also has required future payments for a non-qualified defined benefit retirement plan, time deposit maturities and other obligations. 
 
 Required payments under such commitments at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Payments due by period 

Less than 

One-three 

Three-five 

Over five 

(in thousands) 
 
 one year 

years 

years 

years 

Total 

Time deposit maturities 

335,095 

117,759 

19,045 

192 

472,091 

FHLB advances 

50,000 

50,000 

Subordinated debentures 

26,000 

26,000 

Operating leases (1) 

2,963 

5,259 

4,031 

8,755 

21,008 

Defined benefit retirement plan 

274 

438 

2,566 

3,278 

Other (2) 

4,500 

3,306 

1,500 

2,472 

11,778 

(1) Includes assumed renewals. 

(2) Consists primarily of contractual requirements relating to tax credit investments and community sponsorships. 

See the footnote titled Commitments and Contingent Liabilities for additional detail. 

71

Table of Contents 

Capital 
 
 Information pertaining to Bancorp s capital balances and ratios follows: 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Stockholders equity 

760,432 

675,869 

440,701 

Dividends per share 

1.14 

1.10 

1.08 

Dividend payout ratio, based on basic EPS 

35.19 

36.67 

41.38 

At December 31, 2022, stockholders equity totaled 760 million, representing an increase of 85 million, or 13 , compared to December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was attributed mainly to stock issued in relation to the CB acquisition, which totaled 134 million. Further, net income of 93.0 million was offset by a 108 million negative change in AOCI and 33 million in dividends declared during the year. AOCI consists of net unrealized gains or losses on AFS debt securities and a minimum pension liability, each net of income taxes. The large decline in AOCI from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was the result of the rising interest rate environment and its corresponding impact on the valuation of the AFS debt securities portfolio. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies, and have a long history of no credit losses. See the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for further detail of changes in equity. 
 
 As a result of the large interest-rate driven changes in AOCI noted above, as well as acquisition-related growth, Bancorp s TCE ratio and tangible book value per share, both non-GAAP disclosures, experienced declines between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. TCE was 7.44 at December 31, 2022 compared to 8.22 at December 31, 2021, while tangible book value per share was 18.50 at December 31, 2022 compared to 20.09 at December 31, 2021. See the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures. 
 
 Bancorp increased its cash dividends declared to stockholders during 2022 to an annual dividend of 1.14, from 1.10 per share in 2021 and 1.08 in 2020. This represents a payout ratio of 35.19 based on basic EPS and an annual dividend yield of 1.75 based upon the year-end closing stock price. 
 
 In May 2021, Bancorp s Board of Directors extended its share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 1 million shares, or approximately 4 of Bancorp s total common shares outstanding at inception. The plan, which will expire in May 2023 unless otherwise extended or completed at an earlier date, does not obligate Bancorp to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares prior to the plan s expiration. Based on economic developments over the past year, the increased importance of capital preservation and the announcement of two acquisitions, no shares were repurchased in 2022 nor 2021. Approximately 741,000 shares remain eligible for repurchase under the current repurchase plan. 
 
 Bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks are required by regulators to meet risk-based capital standards. These standards, or ratios, measure the relationship of capital to a combination of balance sheet and off-balance sheet risks. The value of both balance sheet and off-balance sheet items are adjusted to reflect credit risks. See the footnote titled Regulatory Matters for additional detail regarding regulatory capital requirements, as well as capital ratios of Bancorp and the Bank. The Bank exceeds regulatory capital ratios required to be well-capitalized. Regulatory framework does not define well capitalized for holding companies. Management considers the effects of growth on capital ratios as it contemplates plans for expansion. 

72

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth consolidated Bancorp s and the Bank s risk based capital ratios: 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total risk-based capital (1) 

Consolidated 

12.54 

12.79 

Bank 

12.08 

12.42 

Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 

Consolidated 

11.47 

11.94 

Bank 

11.01 

11.56 

Tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 

Consolidated 

11.04 

11.94 

Bank 

11.01 

11.56 

Leverage 

Consolidated 

9.33 

8.86 

Bank 

8.95 

8.57 

(1) Under banking agencies risk-based capital guidelines, assets and credit-equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet credit exposures are assigned to broad risk categories. The aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is multiplied by the associated risk weight of the category. Weighted values are added together, resulting in Bancorp's total risk-weighted assets. These ratios are computed in relation to average assets. 
 
 Capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 decreased compared December 31, 2021 as a result of substantial average asset and risk-weighted asset growth, driven mainly by acquisition-related activity. While pressure was placed on risk-based capital and leverage ratios due to this growth, Bancorp continues to exceed the regulatory requirements for all calculations. Bancorp and the Bank intend to maintain a capital position that meets or exceeds the well-capitalized requirements as defined by the FRB and the FDIC, in addition to the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 Banking regulators have categorized the Bank as well-capitalized. To meet the definition of well-capitalized for prompt corrective action requirements, a bank must have a minimum 6.5 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.0 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 10.0 Total Risk-Based Capital ratio and 5.0 Tier 1 Leverage ratio. 
 
 Additionally, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Bancorp and the Bank must hold a 2.5 capital conservation buffer composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for the Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and Total Risk-Based Capital ratio necessary to be considered adequately-capitalized. At December 31, 2022, the adequately-capitalized minimums, including the capital conservation buffer, were a 7.0 Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.5 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and 10.5 Total Risk-Based Capital ratio. Bancorp met these levels as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As a result of the CB acquisition, Bancorp became the 100 successor owner of the following unconsolidated trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. The TPS are treated as part of Tier 1 Capital. The subordinated note and related interest expense are included in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. The subordinated notes are currently redeemable at Bancorp s option on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, subordinated notes added through the CB acquisition totaled 26 million. Further, Bancorp had borrowing capacity of 20 million available through an unsecured borrowing line of the holding company as of December 31, 2022, which was added during the first quarter to allow capital flexibility at the Bank level. 

73

Table of Contents 

As permitted by the interim final rule issued on March 27, 2020 by the federal banking regulatory agencies, Bancorp elected the option to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital related to the adoption of ASC 326 Financial Instruments Credit Losses, or CECL, which was effective January 1, 2020. The initial impact of adoption of ASC 326, as well as 25 of the quarterly increases in the ACL subsequent to adoption of ASC 326 (collectively the transition adjustments were declared to be delayed for two years. After two years, the cumulative amount of the transition adjustments will become fixed and will be phased out of the regulatory capital calculations evenly over a three-year period, with 75 recognized in year three, 50 recognized in year four and 25 recognized in year five. After five years, the temporary regulatory capital benefits will be fully reversed. Had Bancorp not elected to defer the regulatory capital impact of CECL, the post ASC 326 adoption capital ratios of Bancorp and the Bank would have exceeded the well-capitalized level. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Bancorp follows the provisions of authoritative guidance for fair value measurements. This guidance is definitional and disclosure oriented and addresses how companies should approach measuring fair value when required by GAAP. It prescribes various disclosures about financial statement categories and amounts which are measured at fair value, if such disclosures are not already specified elsewhere in GAAP. 
 
 Authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between participants at the measurement date. The guidance requires fair value measurements to be classified as Level 1 (quoted prices), Level 2 (based on observable inputs) or Level 3 (based on significant unobservable, internally-derived inputs). 
 
 Bancorp s AFS debt securities and interest rate swaps are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Other accounts including mortgage loans held for sale, MSRs, impaired loans and OREO may be recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis, generally in the application of lower of cost or market adjustments or write-downs of specific assets. 
 
 The AFS debt securities portfolio is comprised of U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government obligations, debt securities of U.S. government-sponsored corporations (including mortgage-backed securities), and obligations of state and political subdivisions. U.S. Treasury securities are priced using quoted prices of identical securities in an active market. These measurements are classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy above. All other securities are priced using standard industry models or matrices with various assumptions such as yield curves, volatility, prepayment speeds, default rates, time value, credit rating and market prices for similar instruments. These assumptions are generally observable in the market place and can be derived from or supported by observable data. These measurements are classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy above. 
 
 Interest rate swaps are valued using primarily Level 2 inputs. Fair value measurements generally based on benchmark forward yield curves and other relevant observable market data. For purposes of potential valuation adjustments to derivative positions, Bancorp evaluates the credit risk of its counterparties as well as its own credit risk. To date, Bancorp has not realized any losses due to a counterparty s inability to perform and the change in value of derivative assets and liabilities attributable to credit risk was not significant during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 MSRs, carried in other assets and recorded at fair value upon capitalization, are amortized to correspond with estimated servicing income and are periodically assessed for impairment based on fair value at the reporting date. Fair value is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated net servicing income. The model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income. These measurements are classified as Level 3. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no valuation allowance for MSRs, as fair value exceeded carrying value. 
 
 Loans considered to be collateral dependent are measured for impairment and, if indicated, a specific allocation is established based on the value of underlying collateral. Collateral dependent loans include non-accrual loans, individually analyzed PCD loans and loans accounted for as TDRs. For collateral dependent loans, fair value amounts represent only those loans with specific valuation allowances and loans charged down to their carrying value. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying value of collateral dependent loans measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis was 21 million and 5 million, respectively. The increase over the prior year stemmed from a large CRE relationship that was placed on non-accrual status during the year in addition to relationships added through the CB acquisition. These measurements are classified as Level 3. 

74

Table of Contents 

OREO, which is carried in other assets at the lower of cost or fair value, is periodically assessed for impairment based on fair value at the reporting date. Fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals or valuations performed by internal or external parties which use judgments and assumptions that are property-specific and sensitive to changes in the overall economic environment. Appraisals may be further discounted based on management s historical knowledge and/or changes in market conditions from the date of the most recent appraisal. Many of these inputs are not observable and, accordingly, these measurements are classified as Level 3. OREO is equal to the carrying value of only parcels of OREO for which carrying value equals appraised value. If a parcel of OREO has a carrying value below its appraised value, it is not considered to be carried at fair value. The losses represent write-downs which occurred during the period indicated. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of OREO was 677,000 and 7 million, respectively, the decline being attributed to a large CRE OREO property being sold during the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 See the Footnote titled Assets and Liabilities Measured and Reported at Fair Value , for additional detail regarding fair value measurements. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of total stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP to tangible stockholders equity (TCE), a non-GAAP disclosure. Bancorp provides the TCE per share, a non-GAAP measure, in addition to those defined by banking regulators, based on its widespread use by investors as a means to evaluate capital adequacy: 

December 31, (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total stockholders' equity - GAAP (a) 

760,432 

675,869 

Less: Goodwill 

(194,074) 

(135,830) 

Less: Core deposit and other intangibles 

(24,990) 

(5,596) 

Tangible common equity - Non-GAAP (c) 

541,368 

534,443 

Total assets - GAAP (b) 

7,496,261 

6,646,025 

Less: Goodwill 

(194,074) 

(135,830) 

Less: Core deposit and other intangibles 

(24,990) 

(5,596) 

Tangible assets - Non-GAAP (d) 

7,277,197 

6,504,599 

Total stockholders' equity to total assets - GAAP (a/b) 

10.14 

10.17 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets - Non-GAAP (c/d) 

7.44 

8.22 

Total shares outstanding (e) 

29,259 

26,596 

Book value per share - GAAP (a/e) 

25.99 

25.41 

Tangible common equity per share - Non-GAAP (c/e) 

18.50 

20.09 

The general decline between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 for the ratios displayed in the table above is attributed mainly to unrealized losses within the AFS debt securities portfolio stemming from the significant increase in interest rates for the year ended December 31, 2022, which drove a 108 million decline in AOCI and as a result, a decline in stockholders equity. Further, acquisition-related growth served to increase goodwill and total assets, which also contributed to lower ratios. 

75

Table of Contents 

ACL on loans to total non-PPP loans represents the ACL on loans, divided by total loans less PPP loans. Non-performing loans to total non-PPP loans represents non-performing loans, divided by total loans less PPP loans. Delinquent loans to total non-PPP loans represents delinquent loans (consisting of all loans 30 days or more past due), divided by total loans less PPP loans. Bancorp believes these non-GAAP disclosures are important because they provide comparable ratios after eliminating PPP loans, which are fully guaranteed by the SBA and have not been allocated for within the ACL and are not at risk of non-performance. 

December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Total loans - GAAP (a) 

5,205,918 

4,169,303 

Less: PPP loans 

(18,593) 

(140,734) 

Total non-PPP loans - Non-GAAP (b) 

5,187,325 

4,028,569 

ACL for loans (c) 

73,531 

53,898 

Non-performing loans (d) 

15,134 

7,408 

Delinquent loans (e) 

16,863 

11,036 

ACL for loans to total loans - GAAP (c/a) 

1.41 

1.29 

ACL for loans to total loans - Non-GAAP (c/b) 

1.42 

1.34 

Non-performing loans to total loans - GAAP (d/a) 

0.29 

0.18 

Non-performing loans to total loans - Non-GAAP (d/b) 

0.29 

0.18 

Delinquent loans to total loans - GAAP (e/a) 

0.32 

0.26 

Delinquent loans to total loans - Non-GAAP (e/b) 

0.33 

0.27 

The efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP measure, equals total non-interest expenses divided by the sum of net interest income FTE and non-interest income. In addition to the efficiency ratio presented, Bancorp considers an adjusted efficiency ratio. Bancorp believes it is important because it provides a comparable ratio after eliminating net gains (losses) on sales and calls of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of acquired premises and equipment and disposition of any acquired assets, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses. 

Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Total non-interest expenses (a) 

191,791 

142,280 

101,659 

Less: Merger expenses 

(19,500) 

(19,025) 

Less: Loss on disposition of LFA 

(870) 

Less: Amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships 

(353) 

(367) 

(3,096) 

Total non-interest expenses - Non-GAAP (c) 

171,068 

122,888 

98,563 

Total net interest income, FTE 

234,267 

171,508 

136,133 

Total non-interest income 

89,149 

65,850 

51,899 

Total revenue - Non-GAAP (b) 

323,416 

237,358 

188,032 

Less: (Gain)/loss on sale of premises and equipment 

(4,369) 

Less: (Gain)/loss on sale of securities 

Total adjusted revenue - Non-GAAP (d) 

319,047 

237,358 

188,032 

Efficiency ratio - Non-GAAP (a/b) 

59.30 

59.94 

54.06 

Adjusted efficiency ratio - Non-GAAP (c/d) 

53.62 

51.77 

52.42 

76

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Information required by this item is included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The following consolidated financial statements of Bancorp, and reports of independent registered public accounting firms and management are included below: 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Footnotes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID 
 Management s Report on Consolidated Financial Statements 

77

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Assets 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Federal funds sold and interest bearing due from banks 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value 
 Available for sale debt securities (amortized cost of 1,297,977 in 2022 and 1,190,379 in 2021, respectively) 
 Held to maturity debt securities (fair value of 431,833 in 2022 and 0 in 2021, respectively) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 
 Loans 
 Allowance for credit losses on loans 
 Net loans 
 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Premises held for sale 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Goodwill 
 Core deposit intangibles 
 Customer list intangibles 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Interest bearing 
 Total deposits 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Federal funds purchased 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingent liabilities (Footnote 21) 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 Preferred stock, no par value. Authorized 1,000,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value. Authorized 40,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 29,259,000 and 26,596,000 shares in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

78

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 2021 2020 
 Interest income: 
 Loans, including fees 
 Federal funds sold and interest bearing due from banks 
 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Investment securities: 
 Taxable 
 Tax-exempt 
 Total interest income 
 Interest expense: 
 Deposits 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowing 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision expense 
 Non-interest income: 
 Wealth management and trust services 
 Deposit service charges 
 Debit and credit card income 
 Treasury management fees 
 Mortgage banking income 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment 
 Other 
 Total non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses: 
 Compensation 
 Employee benefits 
 Net occupancy and equipment 
 Technology and communication 
 Debit and credit card processing 
 Marketing and business development 
 Postage, printing and supplies 
 Legal and professional 
 FDIC insurance 
 Amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships 
 Capital and deposit based taxes 
 Merger expenses 
 Federal Home Loans Bank early termination penalty 
 Intangible amortization 
 Loss on disposition of LFA 
 Other 
 Total non-interest expenses 
 Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less income attributed to non-controlling interest 
 Net income available to stockholders 
 Net income per share - basic 
 Net income per share - diluted 
 Weighted average outstanding shares: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

79

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Change in unrealized gain (loss) on AFS debt securities 
 Change in fair value of derivatives used in cash flow hedge 
 Minimum pension liability adjustment 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax effect 
 Tax effect 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 Less comprehensive income attributed to non-controlling interest 
 Comprehensive income (loss) available to stockholders 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

80

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Common stock Additional Accumulated other Total 
 Shares paid-in Retained comprehensive stockholders' Non-controlling Total 
 outstanding Amount capital earnings income (loss) equity interest equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 
 
 2020 Activity: 
 Impact of adoption of ASC 326 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Stock issued for share-based awards, net of withholdings to satisfy employee tax obligations 
 Cash dividends declared, 1.08 per share 
 Shares cancelled 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 
 2021 Activity: 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Stock issued for share-based awards, net of withholdings to satisfy employee tax obligations 
 Stock issued for KB acquisition 
 Cash dividends declared, 1.10 per share 
 Shares cancelled 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 
 
 2022 Activity: 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Stock issued for share-based awards, net of withholdings to satisfy employee tax obligations 
 Stock issued for CB acquisition 
 Non-controlling interest of acquired entity 
 Cash dividends declared, 1.14 per share 
 Shares cancelled 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest 
 Disposition of non-controlling interest 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

81

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net 
 Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
 Gain on sale of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Origination of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Bank owned life insurance income 
 (Gain)/loss on the disposal of premises and equipment 
 (Gain)/loss on the sale of other real estate owned 
 Loss on disposition of LFA 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements 
 Net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets 
 Net change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchases of available for sale debt securities 
 Proceeeds from sales of acquired available for sale debt securities 
 Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of available for sale debt securities 
 Purchases of held to maturity debt securities 
 Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of held to maturity debt securities 
 Purchase of bank owned life insurance 
 Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Proceeds from the disposition of LFA 
 Proceeds from the sale of held for investment loans 
 Net change in non-PPP loans 
 Net change in PPP loans 
 Purchase of loans from broker 
 Purchases of premises and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale or disposal of premises and equipment 
 Other investment activities 
 Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned 
 Cash for acquisition, net of cash acquired 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Net change in deposits 
 Net change in securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased 
 Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 Repayment of acquired line of credit 
 Repurchase of common stock 
 Share repurchases related to compensation plans 
 Cash disbursements to non-controlling interest 
 Disposition of LFA 
 Cash dividends paid 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 Beginning cash and cash equivalents 
 Ending cash and cash equivalents 

(continued) 

82

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 
 Supplemental cash flow information: 
 Interest paid 
 Income tax paid, net of refunds 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities 
 
 Supplemental non-cash activity: 
 Unfunded commitments in tax credit investments 
 Loans purchased and not settled 
 Due to broker 
 Dividends payable to stockholders 
 Loans transferred to OREO 
 Premises and equipment transferred to premises held for sale 
 
 Liabilities assumed in conjunction with acquisitions: 
 Fair value of assets acquired 
 
 Cash paid in acquisition 
 Common stock issued in acquisition 
 Non-controlling interest of acquired entity 
 Total consideration paid 
 Liabilities assumed 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

83

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

successor owner of the following unconsolidated Delaware trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. 
 
 Also as a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc., Bancorp acquired a interest in LFA, which is based in Bowling Green, Kentucky and provides wealth management services. LFA is consolidated into the Company. The non-controlling interest within the consolidated financial statements represents the interest in LFA not owned by Bancorp. Effective December 31, 2022, Bancorp s partial interest in LFA was sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Loan servicing income is reported on the income statement as a component of Mortgage banking income. Loan servicing income is recorded as loan payments are collected and includes servicing fees from investors and certain charges collected from borrowers. The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal, or a fixed amount per loan, and are recorded as income when earned. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are considered nominal. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Both the ACL for AFS debt securities and the adjustment to net income may be reversed if conditions change. However, if Bancorp intends to sell an impaired AFS debt security or more likely than not will be required to sell such a security before recovering its amortized cost basis, the entire impairment amount would be recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security s amortized cost basis. Because the security s amortized cost basis is adjusted to fair value, there is no ACL for AFS debt securities in this situation. 
 
 In evaluating AFS debt securities in unrealized loss positions for impairment and the criteria regarding its intent or requirement to sell such securities, Bancorp considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuers financial condition, among other factors. There were no credit related factors underlying unrealized losses on AFS debt securities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, therefore, ACL for AFS securities was recorded. 
 
 Changes in the ACL for AFS debt securities are recorded as expense. Losses are charged against the ACL for AFS debt securities when management believes the uncollectability of an AFS debt security is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. 
 
 ACL HTM Debt Securities Bancorp measures expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. Accrued interest receivable on HTM debt securities totaled million and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the ACL on HTM securities. The estimate of the ACL for HTM securities considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, ACL for HTM securities was recorded. 

FHLB Stock Bancorp is a member institution of the FHLB. Members are required to own a certain amount of stock based on the level of borrowings and other factors and may invest in additional amounts of stock. FHLB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security and annually evaluated for impairment. Because this stock is viewed as a long-term investment, impairment is based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are recorded as interest income. 

Bancorp adopted ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , effective January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective approach. Bancorp recorded a net reduction of retained earnings of million upon adoption. The transition adjustment included an increase in the ACL on loans of million and an increase in the ACL for off-balance sheet credit exposures of million, net of the total corresponding DTA increase of million. 
 
 Bancorp adopted ASC 326 using the prospective transition approach for loans purchased with PCD that were previously classified as PCI and accounted for under ASC 310 - 30. In accordance with the standard, management did not reassess whether PCI loans met the criteria of PCD loans as of the adoption date. On January 1, 2020, non-accretable yield marks of million related to formerly classified PCI loans were reclassified between the amortized cost basis of loans and corresponding ACL. The majority of these marks were subsequently charged off in the third quarter of 2020. 
 
 The following table summarizes the impact of the adoption of ASC 326 effective January 1, 2020: 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - line of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total allowance for credit losses on loans 
 
 Total allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet exposures 

1 The impact of the ASC 326 adoption on the ACL on loans reflects million related to the transition from the incurred loss ACL model to the CECL ACL model and million related to the transition from PCI to PCD methodology as defined in the standard. 
 
 ACL Loans Under the CECL model, the ACL on loans represents a valuation allowance estimated at each balance sheet date in accordance with GAAP that is deducted from the loans amortized cost basis to represent the net amount expected to be collected on the loan portfolio. 
 
 Bancorp estimates the ACL on loans based on the underlying assets amortized cost basis, which is the amount at which the receivable is originated or acquired, adjusted for applicable accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of payment, and partial charge-offs. In the event that collection of principal becomes uncertain, Bancorp has policies in place to reverse accrued interest in a timely manner. Therefore, Bancorp has made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of the ACL on loans. 

Expected credit losses are reflected in the ACL on loans through a charge to provision for credit losses on loans. When Bancorp deems all or a portion of a financial asset to be uncollectible, the appropriate amount is written-off and the ACL on loans is reduced by the same amount. Bancorp applies judgment to determine when a financial asset is deemed uncollectible; however, generally speaking, an asset will be considered uncollectible no later than when all efforts of collection have been exhausted and the collateral, if any, has been liquidated. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL on loans when received. 
 
 Bancorp s methodologies for estimating the ACL on loans consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions expected to exist through the contractual lives of the financial assets that are reasonable and supportable to the identified pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for which the historical loss experience was observed. Bancorp s methodologies may revert to historical loss information on a straight-line basis over a number of quarters when it can no longer develop reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 Loans are predominantly segmented by FDIC Call Report Codes into loan pools that have similar risk characteristics, similar collateral type and are assumed to pose consistent risk of loss to Bancorp. Bancorp has identified the following pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for measuring expected credit losses: 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Owner Occupied Includes non-farm non-residential real estate loans for a variety of commercial property types and purposes, and is typically secured by commercial offices, industrial buildings, warehouses or retail buildings where the owner of the building occupies the property. The primary source of repayment is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the party (or affiliate) who owns the property. Repayment terms vary considerably; interest rates are fixed or variable and structured for full or partial amortization of principal. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied Includes investment real estate loans secured by similar collateral as above. The primary source of income for this loan type is typically rental income associated with the property. This category also includes apartment or multifamily residential buildings (secured by five or more dwelling units). 
 
 Construction and Land Development Consists of loans to finance the ground up construction or improvement of owner occupied and non-owner occupied residential and commercial properties and loans secured by raw or improved land. The repayment of C D loans is generally dependent upon the successful completion of the improvements by the builder for the end user, the leasing of the property, or sale of the property to a third party. Repayment of land secured loans is dependent upon the successful development and sale of the property, the sale of the land as is, or the outside cash flow of the owners to support the retirement of the debt. Bancorp s construction loans may convert to real estate-secured loans once construction is completed or principal amortization payments begin, assuming the borrower retains financing with the Bank. 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Represents loans for C I purposes to sole proprietorships, partnerships, corporations and other business enterprises, whether secured (other than those that meet the definition of a loan secured by real estate or unsecured, single payment or installment. This category includes loans originated for financing capital expenditures, loans secured by accounts receivable, inventory and other business assets such as equipment, non-real estate related construction loans in addition to non-real estate loans guaranteed by the SBA. Bancorp originates these loans for a variety of purposes across various industries. This portfolio has been segregated between term loans and revolving lines of credits based on the varied characteristics of these individual loan structures. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Includes non-revolving (closed-end) first and junior lien loans secured by residential real estate primarily in Bancorp s market areas. This portfolio is segregated between owner occupied and non-owner occupied status, as the investment nature of the latter poses additional credit risks to Bancorp. 
 
 Home Equity Lines of Credit Similar to the above, however these are revolving (open-ended) lines of credit. 

Consumer Represents loans to individuals for personal expenditures that may be secured or unsecured. This includes pre-arranged overdraft plans, secured automobile loans and other consumer-purpose loans. 
 
 Leases Represents a variety of equipment leasing options to businesses. 
 
 Credit Cards Represents revolving loans to businesses and, to a lesser extent, consumers. 
 
 Bancorp measures expected credit losses for its loan portfolio segments as follows: 
 
 Loan Portfolio Segment ACL Methodology 
 
 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Discounted cash flow 
 Commercial real estate - owner occupied Discounted cash flow 
 Commercial and industrial - term Static pool 
 Commercial and industrial - line of credit Static pool 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied Discounted cash flow 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied Discounted cash flow 
 Construction and land development Static pool 
 Home equity lines of credit Static pool 
 Consumer Static pool 
 Leases Static pool 
 Credit cards Static pool 

Based on the 100 SBA guarantee of the PPP loan portfolio, Bancorp does not generally reserve for potential losses for these loans within the ACL. 
 
 Discounted Cash flow Method The DCF methodology is used to develop cash flow projections at the instrument level wherein payment expectations are adjusted for estimated prepayment speeds, curtailments, time to recovery, probability of default and loss given default. The modeling of expected prepayment speeds, curtailment rates and time to recovery are based on historical internal data. 
 
 Bancorp uses regression analysis on historical internal and peer data to determine suitable loss drivers to utilize when modeling lifetime probability of default and loss given default. This analysis also determines how expected probability of default and loss given default will react to forecasted levels of the loss drivers. For all loan pools utilizing the DCF method, management utilizes a forecasted unemployment rate as its primary loss driver, as this was determined to best correlate to historical losses. 
 
 With regard to the DCF model and the adoption of CECL effective January 1, 2020, management determined that four quarters represented a reasonable and supportable forecast period with reversion back to a historical loss rate over eight quarters on a straight-line basis. However, in response to uncertainty surrounding the magnitude and duration of the economic crisis created by the pandemic, management subsequently determined that a one -quarter forecast period with a reversion back to a historical loss rate in the following quarter was appropriate for the calculation performed at March 31, 2020. For the calculation performed at June 30, 2020, management elected to return to the four quarter forecast period with reversion back to a historical loss rate in the following quarter, which was the methodology used for all subsequent calculations through June 30, 2021. Beginning with the calculation performed as of September 30, 2021 and continuing through the calculation performed as of December 31, 2022, management concluded that increasing the reversion period back to a historical loss rate over four quarters on a straight line basis was warranted, as both current and forecasted unemployment levels have normalized. 
 
 The combination of adjustments for credit expectations (default and loss) and timing expectations (prepayment, curtailment, and time to recovery) produces an expected cash flow stream at the instrument level. Instrument effective yield is calculated, net of the impacts of prepayment assumptions, and the instrument expected cash flows are then discounted at that effective yield to produce an instrument-level NPV of expected cash flows. An ACL is established for the difference between the instrument s NPV and amortized cost basis. 

Static Pool Method The static pool methodology is utilized for the loan portfolio segments that typically have shorter durations. For each of these loan segments, Bancorp applies an expected loss ratio based on historical losses adjusted as appropriate for qualitative loss factors. Qualitative loss factors are based on management's judgment of company, market, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 
 Collateral Dependent Loans Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. For collateral dependent loans where Bancorp has determined that the liquidation or foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and Bancorp expects repayment of the financial asset to be provided substantially through the operation of the business or sale of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the estimated fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the asset as of the measurement date. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the NPV of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. When repayment is expected to be from the sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized costs basis of the financial asset exceeds the fair value of the underlying collateral less estimated cost to sell. The ACL may be zero if the fair value of the collateral at the measurement date exceeds the amortized cost basis of loan. Bancorp s estimate of the ACL reflects losses expected over the remaining contractual life of the loan and the contractual term does not consider extensions, renewals or modifications. 
 
 A loan that has been modified or renewed is considered a TDR when two conditions are met: 1 the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and 2 concessions are made for the borrower's benefit that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower or transaction with similar credit risk characteristics. TDRs are evaluated individually to determine the required ACL. TDRs performing in accordance with their modified contractual terms for a reasonable period may be included in Bancorp s existing pools based on the underlying risk characteristics of the loan to measure the ACL. 
 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over terms of the related leases, including expected renewals, or over the useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred while major additions and improvements are capitalized. 
 
 Premises held for sale are also carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Premises held for sale represent properties owned by Bancorp that are currently listed for sale due mainly to location overlap and/or lack of necessity stemming from acquisition-related activity. 

Other intangible assets consist of CDI and CLI assets arising from business acquisitions. The CDI and CLI assets represent customer relationships associated with acquired deposit portfolios and WM T businesses, respectively. CDI and CLI assets are initially measured at fair value and then amortized on an accelerated method over their estimated useful lives. 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326 ), Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022 - 02 eliminates the accounting guidance for TDRs in ASC 310 - 40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors for entities that have adopted the CECL model introduced by ASU 2016 - 13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326 ): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2022 - 02 also requires that public business entities disclose current-period gross charge offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326 - 20, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 ), Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. These amendments provide temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in account for reference rate reform. The ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for apply GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. It is intended to help stakeholders during the global market-wide reference rate transition period. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021 - 01, which clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the transition. In December of 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 06, which extended the period of time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance in Topic 848. The guidance ensures the relief in Topic 848 covers the period of time during which a significant number of modifications may take place and the ASU defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The Company continues to implement its transition plan towards cessation of LIBOR and the modification of its loans and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly influenced by LIBOR. The Company expects to utilize the LIBOR transition relief allowed under ASU 2020 - 04, ASU 2021 - 01 and ASU 2022 - 06, as applicable, and does not expect such adoption to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Company will continue to assess the impact as the reference rate transition progresses. 

million and million, respectively. Each correspondent bank s financial performance and market rating are reviewed on a quarterly basis to ensure Bancorp maintains deposits only at highly rated institutions, providing minimal risk for those exceeding federally insured limits. Bancorp had approximately million and million held cumulatively at the FRB and FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which are government-sponsored entities not insured by the FDIC. The vast majority of these balances were held at the FRB. 
 
 Bancorp has historically been required to maintain an average reserve balance in cash or with the FRB relating to customer deposits. However, effective March 26, 2020, the FRB reduced the requirement ratio to 0 in response to the COVID- 19 pandemic, eliminating the reserve requirements for all depository institutions. The reserve requirement remained at 0 as of December 31, 2022. 

million. Bancorp acquired retail branches, including in Jefferson County, in Shelby County, and in Northern Kentucky. 
 
 Effective December 31, 2022, management finalized the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in advance of the 12 month post-acquisition date, as allowed by GAAP. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by Bancorp as of the acquisition date, the previously reported preliminary fair value adjustments necessary to adjust those acquired assets and assumed liabilities to fair value, final provisional period adjustments to those previously reported preliminary values, and the final fair values of those assets and liabilities as recorded by Bancorp. 

Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Available for sale debt securities a 
 Held to maturity debt securities (2) a 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 
 Loans b 
 Allowance for credits losses on loans c 
 Net loans 
 Premises and equipment, net d 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Goodwill e 
 Core deposit intangible f 
 Customer list intangibles g 
 Mortgage servicing rights h 
 Deferred income taxes, net i 
 Other assets j 
 Total assets acquired - - 
 
 Liabilities assumed: 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Interest bearing k 
 Total deposits 
 
 SSUAR 
 Subordinated debentures l 
 Line of credit 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Other liabilities m 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Net assets acquired - - 
 
 Consideration for common stock 
 Cash consideration paid 
 Noncontrolling interest of acquired entity 
 Total consideration 
 
 Goodwill 

1 See the following page for explanations of individual fair value/provisional period adjustments. 

2 As of acquisition date, securities with a fair value of million were classified by Bancorp as HTM. 

Explanation of fair value/provisional period adjustments : 
 
 a. Adjustment to investment securities based on Bancorp s evaluation of the acquired portfolio. 

b. Adjustments to loans to reflect estimated fair value adjustments, including the following: 
 
 Fair value adjustment - acquired PCD loans 
 Eliminate unrecognized loan fees on acquired loans and fair value hedge 
 Net loan fair value adjustments 

c. The net adjustment to allowance for credit losses includes the following: 
 
 Estimate of lifetime credit losses for PCD loans 
 Net change in ACL for loans 

d. Adjustment to premises and equipment to reflect the estimated fair value of acquired premises and equipment and right of use assets. 

e. Elimination of the historical CB goodwill. 

f. Calculation of CDI related to the acquisition. 

g. Calculation of CLI related to the acquisition. 

h. Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair value of MSRs. 

i. Adjustment to net DTAs associated with the effects of the purchase accounting adjustments. 

j. Adjustment to other assets to reflect the estimated fair value of prepaid and other assets. 

k. Adjustment to deposits to reflect the estimated fair value of time deposits in interest rates, which was based on an analysis of market interest rates and maturity dates at the time of acquisition. 

l. Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair value of subordinated debentures for differences in interest rates, which was based primarily on an analysis of market interest rates and maturity dates at the time of acquisition. 

m. Adjustment to other liabilities to establish the reserve for unfunded loan commitments under CECL, operating lease liabilities and various accrual adjustments. 

Goodwill of approximately million, which is the excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired, was recorded in the CB acquisition and is the result of expected operational synergies and other factors. This goodwill is attributable to the Company s Commercial Banking and Wealth Management Trust segments. Goodwill related to the CB acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes, as the transaction was structured as a stock sale. To the extent that management revises any of the above fair value adjustments as a result of its continuing evaluation, the amount of goodwill recorded in the CB acquisition will change. 
 
 Loans acquired that were not subject to guidance relating to PCD loans include loans with a fair value and gross contractual amounts receivable of million and million at the date of acquisition. 
 
 Total revenue, defined as net interest income and non-interest income, attributed to CB totaled approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the results of operations of Bancorp, including the effects of the purchase accounting adjustments and acquisition expenses, had the CB acquisition taken place at the beginning of the period. Further, the pro forma condensed combined financial information presented below for the year ended December 31, 2021 also assumes that the KB acquisition, which actually occurred on May 31, 2021, took place at the beginning of the period. 

Provision for credit losses (1) 
 Non-interest income 
 Non-interest expense (2) 
 Income before taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less net income attributed to noncontrolling interest 
 Net income available to stockholders 
 
 Earnings per share 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1 - Excludes million in merger related credit loss expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Excludes million in merger related credit loss expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2 - Excludes million in pre-tax merger expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. Excludes million in pre-tax merger expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 On May 31, 2021, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. in a combined stock and cash transaction for total consideration of million. Bancorp acquired branches in 11 communities throughout central and eastern Kentucky, including the Lexington, Kentucky metropolitan statistical area and contiguous counties, and also acquired a captive insurance subsidiary. 
 
 Effective March 31, 2022, management finalized the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in advance of the 12 month post-acquisition date, as allowed by GAAP. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by Bancorp as of the acquisition date, the previously reported preliminary fair value adjustments necessary to adjust those acquired assets and assumed liabilities to fair value, final provisional period adjustments to those previously reported preliminary values, and the final fair values of those assets and liabilities as recorded by Bancorp. 

Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Available for sale debt securities a 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 
 Loans b 
 Allowance for credits losses on loans c 
 Net loans 
 Premises and equipment, net d 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Goodwill e 
 Core deposit intangible f f 
 Other real estate owned g 
 Mortgage servicing rights h 
 Deferred income taxes, net i i 
 Other assets j j 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 Liabilities assumed: 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Interest bearing k 
 Total deposits 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances l 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Other liabilities m 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Net assets acquired 
 
 Consideration for common stock 
 Cash consideration paid 
 Total consideration 
 
 Goodwill 

1 See the following page for explanations of individual fair value/provisional period adjustments. 

Explanation of fair value/provisional period adjustments : 
 
 a. Adjustment based on Bancorp s evaluation of the acquired investment portfolio. Bancorp sold approximately million in AFS debt securities shortly after acquisition. 

b. Adjustments to loans to reflect estimated fair value adjustments, including the following: 

Fair value adjustment - acquired PCD loans 
 Eliminate unrecognized loan fees on acquired loans and fair value hedge 
 Net loan fair value adjustments 

c. The net adjustment to allowance for credit losses includes the following: 

Estimate of lifetime credit losses for PCD loans 
 Net change in ACL for loans 

d. Adjustment to premises and equipment to reflect the estimated fair value of acquired premises and equipment and right of use assets. 

e. Elimination of the historical KB goodwill. 

f. Calculation of CDI related to the acquisition. During the third quarter of 2021, a provisional period adjustment of was recorded based on revised inputs used in the CDI calculation. 

g. Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair value of other real estate owned. 

h. Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair value of MSRs. 

i. Adjustment to net DTAs associated with the effects of the purchase accounting adjustments. 

j. Adjustment to other assets to reflect the estimated fair value of prepaid and other assets. During the third quarter of 2021, a provisional period adjustment of was recorded for the write off of miscellaneous mortgage servicing fees. 

k. Adjustment to deposits to reflect the estimated fair value of time deposits in interest rates, which was based on an analysis of market interest rates and maturity dates at the time of acquisition. 

l. Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair value of FHLB advances for differences in interest rates, which was based primarily on an analysis of current market interest rates and maturity dates. All KB FHLB advances were paid off immediately after acquisition. 

m. Adjustment to other liabilities to establish the reserve for unfunded loan commitments under CECL, operating lease liabilities and various accrual adjustments. 

Goodwill of approximately million, which is the excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired, was recorded in the KB acquisition and is the result of expected operational synergies and other factors. This goodwill is all attributable to the Company s Commercial Banking segment. Goodwill related to the KB acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes, as the transaction was structured as a stock sale. 
 
 Loans acquired that were not subject to guidance relating to PCD loans include loans with a fair value and gross contractual amounts receivable of million and million at the date of acquisition. 

Total revenue, defined as net interest income and non-interest income, attributed to KB totaled approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the results of operations of Bancorp, including the effects of the purchase accounting adjustments and acquisition expenses, had the KB acquisition taken place at the beginning of 2021: 

Provision for credit losses (1) 
 Non-interest income 
 Non-interest expense (2) 
 Income before taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 
 Earnings per share 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1 - Excludes million in merger related credit loss expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2 - Excludes million in pre-tax merger expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total available for sale debt securities 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 
 Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total available for sale debt securities 

HTM Debt Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost, unrecognized gains and losses, and fair value of Bancorp s HTM debt securities portfolio: 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Total available for sale debt securities 

Bancorp elected to classify a portion of securities purchased and acquired during the first quarter of 2022 as HTM. This election was made in an effort to lessen the impact that the rising interest rate environment has on the valuation of the AFS debt securities portfolio, and ultimately its impact on capital through AOCI. debt securities were classified as HTM at December 31, 2021. 
 
 All investment securities classified as HTM by Bancorp as of December 31, 2022 are obligations of the U.S. Government and/or are issued by U.S. Government-sponsored agencies and have an implicit or explicit government guarantee. Therefore, ACL has been recorded for Bancorp s HTM securities as of December 31, 2022. Further, as of December 31, 2022, of Bancorp s HTM securities were in non-accrual or past due status. 

Debt Securities by Contractual Maturity 
 
 A summary of AFS and HTM debt securities by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022 follows: 

Due after one year but within five years 
 Due after five years but within 10 years 
 Due after 10 years 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Total available for sale debt securities 

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because some issuers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. The investment portfolio includes MBS, which are guaranteed by agencies such as FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA. These securities differ from traditional debt securities primarily in that they may have uncertain principal payment dates and are priced based on estimated prepayment rates on the underlying collateral. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no holdings of debt securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. 
 
 Accrued interest on the AFS and HTM securities portfolios totaled million and million at December 31, 2022, respectively, and was included in the consolidated balance sheets. Accrued interest on the AFS securities portfolio totaled million at December 31, 2021. There were securities classified as HTM at December 31, 2021. 
 
 AFS debt securities totaling million were acquired on March 7, 2022, as a result of the CB acquisition, a portion of which were classified as HTM at acquisition. Shortly after acquisition, securities with a total fair value of million were sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss on sale of , which was recorded as a fair value adjustment through goodwill. 
 
 AFS debt securities totaling million were acquired on May 31, 2021 as a result of the KB acquisition. Shortly after acquisition, securities with a total fair value of million were sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss on the sale , which was recorded as a fair value adjustment through goodwill. 
 
 Securities with a carrying value of billion and million were pledged at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to secure accounts of commercial depositors in cash management accounts, public deposits and uninsured cash balances for WM T accounts. The increase between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was the result of relationships added through the CB acquisition. 
 
 Based on an evaluation of available information including security type, counterparty credit quality, past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that are relevant to collectability, Bancorp has concluded that it expects to receive all contractual cash flows from each security held in its AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio. As such, allowance or impairment was recorded with respect to investment securities as of December 31, 2022. 

Unrealized and Unrecognized Loss Analysis on Debt Securities 
 
 Debt securities with unrealized and unrecognized losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, aggregated by investment category and length of time securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position follows: 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total AFS debt securities 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government obligations 
 Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total AFS debt securities 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities - government agencies 
 
 Total HTM debt securities 

Applicable dates for determining when securities are in an unrealized loss position are December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As such, it is possible that a security had a market value lower than its amortized cost on other days during the past 12 months, but is not in the Less than 12 months category above. 

For debt securities with unrealized and unrecognized loss positions, Bancorp evaluates the securities to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis (impairment) is due to credit-related factors or non-credit related factors. Any impairment that is not credit-related is recognized in AOCI, net of tax. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an a ACL for debt securities on the balance sheet, limited to the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds the fair value, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Both the ACL and the adjustment to net income may be reversed if conditions change. However, if Bancorp intends to sell an impaired debt security or more likely than not will be required to sell such a security before recovering its amortized cost basis, the entire impairment amount would be recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security s amortized cost basis. Because the security s amortized cost basis is adjusted to fair value, there is no ACL in this situation. 
 
 In evaluating debt securities in unrealized and unrecognized loss positions for impairment and the criteria regarding its intent or requirement to sell such securities, Bancorp considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuers financial condition, among other factors. Unrealized and unrecognized losses on Bancorp s investment securities portfolio have not been recognized as an expense because the securities are of high credit quality, and the decline in fair values is attributable to changes in the prevailing interest rate environment since the purchase date. Fair value is expected to recover as securities reach maturity and/or the interest rate environment returns to conditions similar to when these securities were purchased. These investments consisted of and separate investment positions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. By dollar value, approximately of the portfolio was in a loss position as of December 31, 2022 compared to as of December 31, 2021. There were no credit related factors underlying unrealized and unrecognized losses on debt securities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total loans (1) 

1 Total loans are presented inclusive of premiums, discounts and net loan origination fees and costs. 
 
 As a result of the CB acquisition on March 7, 2022, million in loans (net of purchase accounting adjustments) were added to the portfolio. Loans totaling million were added to the portfolio as a result of the KB acquisition on May 31, 2021. 
 
 Fees and costs of originating loans are deferred at origination and amortized over the life of the loan. Loan balances reported herein include deferred loan origination fees, net of deferred loan costs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, net deferred loan origination fees exceeded deferred loan origination costs, resulting in net negative balances of million and million, respectively. The large change from the prior year was attributed forgiveness activity within the PPP portfolio, which resulted in the acceleration of origination fee recognition. 
 
 Bancorp s credit exposure is diversified with secured and unsecured loans to individuals and businesses. No specific industry concentration exceeds 10 of loans outstanding. While Bancorp has a diversified loan portfolio, a customer s ability to honor contracts is somewhat dependent upon the economic stability and/or industry in which that customer does business. Loans outstanding and related unfunded commitments are primarily concentrated within Bancorp s current market areas, which encompass Louisville, central, eastern and northern Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio metropolitan markets. 
 
 Bancorp occasionally enters into loan participation agreements with other banks in the ordinary course of business to diversify credit risk. For certain sold participation loans, Bancorp has retained effective control of the loans, typically by restricting the participating institutions from pledging or selling their share of the loan without permission from Bancorp. GAAP requires the participated portion of these loans to be recorded as secured borrowings. The participated portions of these loans are included in the C I totals above with a corresponding liability reflected in other liabilities. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total participated portions of loans of this nature totaled million. 
 
 Accrued interest on loans, which is excluded from the amortized cost of loans, totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Loans with carrying amounts of billion and billion were pledged to secure FHLB borrowing capacity at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Loans to directors and their related interests, including loans to companies for which directors are principal owners and executive officers are presented in the following table: 

Effect of change in composition of directors and executive officers 
 New term loans 
 Repayment of term loans 
 Changes in balances of revolving lines of credit 
 Balance at end of period 

PCD Loans 
 
 In connection with the acquisitions of CB on March 7, 2022, and KB on May 31, 2021, Bancorp acquired loans both with and without evidence of credit quality deterioration subsequent to origination. Acquired loans are recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition with no carryover from the acquired institution s previously recorded ACL. Acquired loans are accounted for under ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. 
 
 The fair value of acquired loans recorded at the time of acquisition is based upon several factors, including the timing and payment of expected cash flows, as adjusted for estimated credit losses and prepayments, and then discounting these cash flows using comparable market rates. The resulting fair value adjustment is recorded in the form of a premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of the respective loans. As it relates to acquired loans that, as of the date of acquisition, have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination PCD ), the net premium or net discount is adjusted to reflect Bancorp s allowance for credit losses recorded for PCD loans at the time of acquisition, and the remaining fair value adjustment is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the respective loans. As it relates to loans not classified as PCD non-PCD loans, the credit loss and yield components of their fair value adjustment are aggregated, and the resulting net premium or net discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the respective loans. Bancorp records an ACL for non-PCD loans at the time of acquisition through provision expense, and therefore, no further adjustments are made to the net premium or net discount for non-PCD loans. 
 
 Bancorp purchased loans through the acquisitions of CB and KB for which there was, at the time of acquisition, more-than-insignificant deterioration of credit quality since origination. The carrying amount of loans acquired and classified as PCD was as follows at the respective acquisition dates: 

ACL for loans at acquisition 
 Non-credit discount at acquisition 
 Fair value of PCD loans at acquisition 

At December 31, 2022, the book balance of PCD loans acquired as a result of the CB and KB acquisitions totaled million and million, respectively. Interest income recognized on loans classified as PCD totaled million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ACL for Loans 
 
 The table below reflects activity in the ACL related to loans: 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

The following tables present the amortized cost basis of non-performing loans and the amortized cost basis of loans on non-accrual status for which there was no related ACL losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

1 Does not include TDRs reflected in the non-accrual column. 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

1 Does not include TDRs reflected in the non-accrual column. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of accrued interest income previously recorded as revenue and subsequently reversed due to the change in accrual status was immaterial. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income was recognized on loans on non-accrual status. 
 
 The following table presents the amortized cost basis and ACL allocated for collateral dependent loans, which are individually evaluated to determine expected credit losses: 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total collateral dependent loans 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total collateral dependent loans 

There have been no significant changes to the types of collateral securing Bancorp s collateral dependent loans. 

The following tables present the aging of contractually past due loans by portfolio class: 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 Total commercial real estate 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term 
 Commercial and industrial - term - PPP 
 Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Total residential real estate 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Consumer 
 Leases 
 Credit cards 
 Total 

Loan Risk Ratings 
 
 Consistent with regulatory guidance, Bancorp categorizes loans into credit risk rating categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends. Pass-rated loans include all risk-rated loans other than those classified as OAEM, substandard, and doubtful, which are defined below: 
 
 OAEM Loans classified as OAEM have potential weaknesses requiring management's heightened attention. These potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of repayment prospects for the loan or of Bancorp's credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the paying capacity of the obligor or of collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize ultimate repayment of the debt. Default is a distinct possibility if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Substandard non-performing Loans classified as substandard non-performing have all the characteristics of substandard loans and have been placed on non-accrual status or have been accounted for as TDRs. Loans are usually placed on non-accrual status when prospects for recovering both principal and accrued interest are considered doubtful or when a default of principal or interest has existed for 90 days or more. 
 
 Doubtful Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or repayment in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. A loan is typically charged off once it is classified as doubtful. 

Management considers the guidance in ASC 310 - 20 when determining whether a modification, extension, or renewal of loan constitutes a current period origination. Current period renewals of credit are re-underwritten at the point of renewal and considered current period originations for purposes of the table below. Bancorp has elected not to disclose revolving loans that have converted to term loans, as activity relating to this disclosure, which is included in the tables is currently immaterial to Bancorp s loan portfolio and is expected to be in the future. As of December 31, 2022, the risk rating of loans based on year of origination was as follows: 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner occupied: 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate owner occupied 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term: 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial - term 
 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial - PPP 

(continued) 

(continued) 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 
 Residential real estate -owner occupied 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate -owner occupied 
 
 Residential real estate -non-owner occupied 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate -non-owner occupied 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Construction and land development 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Home equity lines of credit 

(continued) 

(continued) 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Consumer 
 
 Leases 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Leases 
 
 Credit cards 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Credit cards 
 
 Total loans 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Loans 

As of December 31, 2021, the risk rating of loans based on year of origination was as follows: 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner occupied: 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial real estate owner occupied 
 
 Commercial and industrial - term: 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial -term 
 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial - PPP 

(continued) 

(continued) 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Commercial and industrial - lines of credit 
 
 Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate - owner occupied 
 
 Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Residential real estate - non-owner occupied 
 
 Construction and land development 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Construction and land development 
 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Home equity lines of credit 

(continued) 

(continued) 

OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Consumer 
 
 Leases 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Leases 
 
 Credit cards 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Credit cards 
 
 Total loans 
 Risk rating 
 Pass 
 OAEM 
 Substandard 
 Substandard non-performing 
 Doubtful 
 Total Loans 

For certain loan classes, such as credit cards, credit quality is evaluated based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by payment activity. The following table presents the recorded investment in credit cards based on payment activity: 

Non-performing 
 Total credit cards 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 Detail of outstanding TDRs included in total non-performing loans follows: 

Commercial and industrial - term 
 Total TDRs 

At December 31, 2022, Bancorp had loan classified as a TDR, the balance of which was . Bancorp had loans classified as TDR at December 31, 2021, the balances of which were and , respectively, the latter of which was paid off during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were loans modified as TDRs and there were payment defaults of existing TDRs within 12 months following modification. Default is determined at 90 or more days past due, charge-off, or foreclosure. During the year ended December 31, 2021, CRE loan, which was acquired through the KB acquisition, was modified as a TDR. The loan had a pre- and post-modification investment of million and , respectively. The borrower was given a payment concession through a change in terms in an effort to enable the borrower to fulfill the loan agreement and has paid as contracted under the modification as of December 31, 2021. The TDR described above decreased the allowance for credit losses on loans by , which was the amount charged off in relation to this note, for the year ended December 31, 2021. This TDR paid as contracted under the modification for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Bancorp had residential real estate loans for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process totaling and , respectively. 

Buildings and improvements 
 Furniture and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 Right-of-use operating lease asset 
 
 Total 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 Total premises and equipment 

Depreciation expense related to premises and equipment was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, respectively. 
 
 Premises and equipment are presented on the consolidated balance sheets net of related depreciation on the respective assets as well as fair value adjustments associated with purchase accounting. Premises and equipment increased million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, driven largely by the CB acquisition. As a result of the CB acquisition, 15 branches were acquired, four of which were closed shortly acquisition as a result of overlapping with existing locations of the Bank. By comparison, the 2021 acquisition of KB resulted in the addition of 19 locations. Bancorp s branch network currently consists of 73 locations throughout Louisville, central, eastern and northern, Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets. 
 
 In addition to the premises and equipment detailed above, premises held for sale totaling million are also recorded on Bancorp s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, which consists of three vacant parcels of land, one branch acquired from CB and one legacy SYB branch. 
 
 Bancorp has operating leases for various branch locations with terms ranging from approximately eight months to years, some of which include options to extend the leases in five -year increments. A total of four operating leases were added in 2022 as a result of the CB acquisition. By comparison, a total of seven operating leases were added as a result of the 2021 KB acquisition. Options reasonably expected to be exercised are included in determination of the right-of-use asset. Bancorp elected to use a practical expedient to expense short-term lease obligations associated with leases with original terms of 12 months or less. Bancorp elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components for its operating leases. The right-of-use lease asset and operating lease liability are recorded in premises and equipment and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow detail regarding operating leases follows: 

Operating lease liability 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Maturities of lease liabilities: 
 One year or less 
 Year two 
 Year three 
 Year four 
 Year five 
 Greater than five years 
 Total lease payments 
 Less imputed interest 
 Total 

Variable lease cost 
 Less sublease income 
 Total lease cost 

As of December 31, 2022 Bancorp had not entered into any lease agreements that had yet to commence. 

million, of which million is attributed to the commercial banking segment and million is attributed to WM T. Goodwill of million was added through the CB acquisition, million of which was subsequently written off as a result of Bancorp selling its interest in LFA effective December 31, 2022. Effective December 31, 2022, management finalized the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities associated with the CB acquisition in advance of the 12 month post-acquisition date, as allowed by GAAP. 
 
 The composition of goodwill is presented by respective acquisition and acquisition year below: 

Kentucky Bancshares (2021) 

King Southern Bancorp (2019) 

Austin State Bank (1996) 

Total 

Note: The acquisition of The Bank Oldham County in 2013 resulted in a bargain purchase gain. 
 
 GAAP requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives not be amortized, but instead be tested for impairment at least annually. Impairment exists when a reporting unit s carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Bancorp s annual goodwill impairment test is conducted as of September 30 of each year or more often as situations dictate. 
 
 At September 30, 2022, Bancorp elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more-likely-than- not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded their carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was not more-likely-than- not that the carrying value of the reporting units exceeded their fair value. 
 
 Changes in the carrying value of goodwill follows: 

Goodwill recorded from acquisitions 

Provisional period adjustments 

() 

Disposition of LFA 

() 

Impairment 

Balance at end of period 

million, million, million and million in association with the acquisition of CB in 2022, KB in 2021, KSB in 2019 and TBOC in 2013, respectively. 
 
 Changes in the net carrying amount of CDI assets follow: 

Additions from acquisitions 
 Provisional period adjustments 
 Amortized to expense 
 Balance at end of period 

As a result of the CB acquisition, Bancorp also recorded intangible assets totaling million associated with the customer lists of the acquired WM T and LFA businesses. Of this total, million was recorded for WM T and million was recorded for LFA. Similar to CDI assets, these intangibles also amortize over their estimated useful lives. No such activity was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 As previously noted, Bancorp s interest in LFA was sold effective December 31, 2022. As a result, the remaining CLI associated with LFA was written off at the date of sale and ultimately reflected as a component of the pre-tax loss on the disposition of LFA that was recorded on Bancorp s consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The carrying amount of the CLI assets follows: 

Additions from acquisitions 
 Provisional period adjustments 
 Disposition of LFA 
 Amortized to expense 
 Balance at end of period 

Future CDI and CLI amortization expense is estimated as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 
 2031 
 2032 
 2033 
 Total future expense 

Net deferred tax asset 
 Investments in tax credit partnerships 
 Swap assets 
 Prepaid assets 
 Trust fee receivable 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 Other real estate owned 
 Other 
 Total other assets 

Bancorp maintains life insurance policies other than BOLI in conjunction with its non-qualified defined benefit retirement and non-qualified compensation plans. 
 
 Bancorp enters into interest rate swap transactions with borrowers who desire to hedge exposure to rising interest rates, while at the same time entering into an offsetting interest rate swap, with substantially matching terms, with another approved independent counterparty. These are undesignated derivative instruments and are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value. For additional information, see the footnote titled Interest Rate Swaps. 
 
 For additional information related to MSRs, see the footnote titled Mortgage Banking Activities. 

State 
 Total current income tax expense 
 
 Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Total income tax expense 

Components of income tax (benefit) expense recorded directly to stockholders equity were as follows: 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives 
 Minimum pension liability adjustment 
 Total income tax (benefit) expense recorded directly to stockholders' equity 

An analysis of the difference between statutory and ETRs from operations follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements 
 Change in cash surrender value of life insurance 
 Tax credits 
 Kentucky state income tax enactments 
 Tax exempt interest income 
 Non-deductible merger expenses 
 Insurance captive 
 Amortization of investment in tax credit partnerships 
 Other, net 
 Effective tax rate 

Current state income tax expense for 2022 and 2021 represents tax owed to the state of Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. Prior to 2021, Kentucky state bank taxes were based on capital levels and were previously recorded as other non-interest expense. Ohio state bank taxes are based on capital levels and are recorded as other non-interest expense. 
 
 The state of Kentucky passed legislation in 2019 that required financial institutions to transition from a capital based franchise tax to the Kentucky corporate income tax beginning in 2021 and allows entities filing a combined Kentucky income tax return to share certain tax attributes, including net operating loss carryforwards. 

GAAP provides guidance on financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in tax returns. If recognized, tax benefits would reduce tax expense and accordingly, increase net income. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the future for various reasons including adding amounts for current year tax positions, expiration of open income tax returns due to statutes of limitation, changes in management s judgment about the level of uncertainty, status of examination, litigation and legislative activity and addition or elimination of uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was immaterial to Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. Federal income tax returns are subject to examination for the years after 2018 and state income tax returns are subject to examination for the years after 2017. 
 
 The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of DTAs and DTLs follows: 

Deferred compensation 
 Operating lease liability 
 State net operating loss 
 Deferred PPP loan fees 
 Accrued expenses 
 Investments in tax credit partnerships 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Securities 
 Acquired loan fair value adjustments 
 Other assets 
 Write-downs and costs associated with other real estate owned 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Right-of-use operating lease asset 
 Property and equipment 
 Loan costs 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 Leases 
 Core deposit intangibles 
 Customer list intangibles 
 Other liabilities 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax asset 

A valuation allowance is recognized for a DTA if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the entire DTA will not be realized. Ultimate realization of DTAs is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers scheduled reversal of DTLs, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projection for future taxable income over periods which the temporary differences resulting in remaining DTAs are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that Bancorp will realize the benefits of these deductible differences at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Realization of DTAs associated with investment in tax credit partnerships is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable capital gain income prior to their expiration. valuation allowance was recorded as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on management s estimate of the temporary deductible differences that may expire prior to their utilization. In addition, realization of DTAs are evaluated for net operating losses that will not be utilized prior to their expiration. The Kentucky losses began to be utilized in 2021 when Bancorp began filing a combined Kentucky income tax return with the Bank. A valuation allowance was previously maintained for the loss that expired in 2020. The loss carryforward is currently million and expires over varying periods through 2040. 

Interest bearing deposits: 
 Interest bearing demand 
 Savings 
 Money market 
 
 Time deposit accounts of 250,000 or more 
 Other time deposits 
 Total time deposits(1) 
 
 Total interest bearing deposits 
 
 Total deposits 

1 Includes and million in brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deposits totaling billion were assumed on March 7, 2022 in relation to the CB acquisition. Deposits totaling billion were assumed on May 31, 2021 in relation to the KB acquisition. 
 
 Interest expense related to certificates of deposit and other time deposits in denominations of 250,000 or more was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of all time deposits were as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Beyond five years 
 Total time deposits 

Deposits of directors and their associates, including deposits of companies for which directors are principal owners, and executive officers were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Bancorp had and of deposits accounts in overdraft status and thus have been reclassified to loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Weighted average interest rate at end of period 

Average interest rate during the period 
 Maximum outstanding at any month end during the period 

SSUAR totaling million were assumed on March 7, 2022 in relation to the CB acquisition. SSUAR totaling million were assumed on May 31, 2021 in relation to the KB acquisition. 

successor owner of the following unconsolidated trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. The TPS are treated as part of Tier I Capital. The subordinated notes and related interest expense are included in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. The subordinated notes are currently redeemable at Bancorp s option on a quarterly basis. Bancorp chose not to redeem the subordinated notes on January 1, 2023 and carried the notes at the costs noted below at December 31, 2022. 
 
 12/19/2003 1/7/2034 LIBOR + 2.85 
 Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV 12/15/2005 12/30/2035 LIBOR + 1.35 
 Commonwealth Statutory Trust V 6/28/2007 9/15/2037 LIBOR + 1.40 
 Total 

As part of the purchase accounting adjustments associated with the CB acquisition, the carrying values of the subordinated notes were adjusted to fair value at acquisition date. The related discounts on the subordinated notes are amortized and recognized as a component of interest expense in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. 

million, consisting entirely of a one -week cash management advance utilized at year-end for short-term liquidity purposes. This advance represents the only FHLB advance utilized by Bancorp in 2022 and matured in early January 2023. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, Bancorp had outstanding FHLB advances. FHLB advances totaling million were assumed on May 31, 2021 in relation to the KB acquisition, all of which were paid off immediately upon acquisition. 
 
 The elective pay offs noted above were made in the first and second quarters of 2021. During the first quarter of 2021, Bancorp elected to pay down certain advances prior to maturity without incurring pre-payment penalties. During the second quarter of 2021, Bancorp paid off million of term advances, with a weighted average cost of 2.03 , prior to their maturity incurring an early-termination fee of . 
 
 Information regarding FHLB advances follows: 

Weighted average interest rate at end of period 

FHLB advances are collateralized by certain CRE and residential real estate mortgage loans under blanket mortgage collateral pledge agreements, as well as a portion Bancorp s PPP loan portfolio and FHLB stock. Bancorp views these advances as an effective lower-costing alternative to brokered deposits to fund loan growth. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the amount of available credit from the FHLB totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Bancorp also had million FFP lines available from correspondent banks at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, Bancorp had borrowing capacity of million available through an unsecured borrowing line at the holding company as of December 31, 2022, which was added during the first quarter of 2022 to allow capital flexibility at the Bank level, if ever needed. 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

par value; shares authorized); the relative rights, preferences and other terms of the class or any series within the class will be determined by the Board of Directors prior to any issuance. None of this stock has been issued to date. 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 
 Dilutive shares 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 Net income per share - basic 
 Net income per share - diluted 

Certain SARs that were excluded from the EPS calculation because their impact was antidilutive follows: 

of the employee s salary, and contributes an amount of Bancorp stock equal to of the employee s salary. Employer matching expenses related to contributions to the plan for 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million and million and are recorded on the consolidated statements of income within employee benefits. Employee and employer contributions are made in accordance with the terms of the plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the KSOP held and shares of Bancorp stock, respectively. 
 
 In addition, Bancorp has non-qualified plans into which directors and certain senior officers may defer director fees or salary/incentives. Bancorp matched certain executives deferrals into the senior officers plan amounting to approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts included in other liabilities in the consolidated financial statements for this plan were million and million, respectively. The total was comprised primarily of participants contributions, and represented the fair value of mutual fund investments directed by plan participants. 
 
 Bancorp sponsors an unfunded, non-qualified, defined benefit retirement plan for key officers current officer and retired officer), and has no plans to increase the number of or the benefits to participants. All participants are fully vested based on years of service. Bancorp uses a December 31 measurement date for this plan. The accumulated benefit obligation for the plan included in other liabilities in the consolidated financial statements was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Actuarially determined pension costs are expensed and accrued over the service period and benefits are paid from Bancorp s assets. Bancorp maintains life insurance policies, for which it is the beneficiary, for defined benefit plan participants and certain former executives. Income from these policies serves to offset costs of benefits. The liability for Bancorp s plan met the benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net periodic benefit cost was immaterial for all periods. 
 
 Benefits expected to be paid in future periods follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 and thereafter 
 
 Total future payments 

Expected benefits to be paid are based on the same assumptions used to measure Bancorp s benefit obligation at December 31, 2022. There are no obligations for other post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 

shares for issuance under the plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future awards. The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan expired in April 2015 and SARs granted under this plan expire as late as 2025. The 2015 Stock Incentive Plan has no defined expiration date. 
 
 SAR Grants SARs granted have a vesting schedule of per year and expire ten years after the grant date unless forfeited due to employment termination. 
 
 Fair values of SARs are estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, a leading formula for calculating such value. The model requires the input of assumptions, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. The following assumptions were used in SAR valuations at the grant date in each year: 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected life of SARs (in years) 

Dividend yield and expected volatility are based on historical information for Bancorp corresponding to the expected life of SARs granted. Expected volatility is the volatility of underlying shares for the expected term calculated on a monthly basis. The risk free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the awards. The expected life of SARs is based on actual experience of past like-term SARs. Bancorp evaluates historical exercise and post-vesting termination behavior when determining the expected life. 
 
 RSA Grants RSAs granted to officers vest over five years. For all grants prior to 2015, grantees are entitled to dividend payments during the vesting period. Fair value of RSAs is equal to the market value of the shares on the date of grant. 
 
 PSU Grants PSUs vest based upon service and a three -year performance period, which begins January 1 of the first year of the performance period. Because grantees are not entitled to dividend payments during the performance period, the fair value of these PSUs is estimated based upon the market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant, adjusted for non-payment of dividends. Grants require a one year post-vesting holding period and the fair value of such grants incorporates a liquidity discount related to the holding period of , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 RSU Grants RSUs are only granted to non-employee directors, are time-based and vest months after grant date. Because grantees are entitled to deferred dividend payments at the end of the vesting period, fair value of the RSUs equals market value of underlying shares on the date of grant. 
 
 In the first quarters of 2022 and 2021, Bancorp awarded and RSUs to non-employee directors of Bancorp with a grant date fair value of and , respectively. 
 
 Bancorp utilized cash of and during 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the purchase of shares upon the vesting of RSUs. 

Bancorp has recognized stock-based compensation expense for SARs, RSAs, and PSUs within compensation expense, and RSUs for directors within other non-interest expense, as follows: 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total net expense 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total net expense 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total net expense 

Detail of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total estimated expense 

The following table summarizes SARs activity and related information: 

14.02 
 - 
 40.00 

25.06 

Granted 

37.30 
 - 
 37.30 

37.30 

Exercised 

() 

14.02 
 - 
 25.76 

16.33 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2020 

15.24 
 - 
 40.00 

27.47 

Outstanding, January 1, 2021 

15.24 
 - 
 40.00 

27.47 

Granted 

47.17 
 - 
 50.71 

50.48 

Exercised 

() 

15.24 
 - 
 19.37 

16.40 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

15.24 
 - 
 50.71 

31.16 

Outstanding, January 1, 2022 

15.24 
 - 
 50.71 

31.16 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

() 

- 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Vested and exercisable 

19.37 
 - 
 50.71 

31.81 

Unvested 

35.90 
 - 
 74.92 

44.69 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Vested in the current year 

15.24 
 - 
 50.71 

39.36 

1 - Aggregate intrinsic value for SARs is defined as the amount by which the current market price of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise or grant price. 

SARs outstanding and exercisable by expiration year and weighted average exercise price follows:

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

The following table summarizes activity for RSAs : 

Shares awarded 

Restrictions lapsed and shares vested 

() 

Shares forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Unvested at January 1, 2021 

Shares awarded 

Restrictions lapsed and shares vested 

() 

Shares forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Unvested at January 1, 2022 

Shares awarded 

Restrictions lapsed and shares vested 

() 

Shares forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Shares expected to be awarded for PSUs granted to executive officers of Bancorp, the three -year performance period, which began January 1 of the award year, are as follows: 

2021 

2022 

All Bancorp equity compensation plans have been approved by shareholders. The following table provides detail of the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock-based awards and remaining shares available for future issuance under Bancorp s equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Restricted Stock Awards N/A (a) 
 Restricted Stock Units N/A (a) 
 Performance Stock Units (c) N/A (a) 
 Total shares 

(a) 
 Under the 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, shares of stock are authorized for issuance as incentive and non-qualified stock options, SARs, RSAs, and RSUs. 

(b) 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately SARs were outstanding at a weighted average grant price of . The number of shares to be issued upon exercise will be determined based on the difference between the grant price and the market price at the date of exercise. 

(c) 
 The number of shares to be issued is dependent upon Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets and ranges from shares to approximately shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares expected to be awarded totaled approximately . 

million in dividends to Bancorp without regulatory approval subject to ongoing capital requirements of the Bank. 

Construction and development 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Credit cards 
 Overdrafts 
 Letters of credit 
 Other 
 Future loan commitments 
 
 Total off balance sheet commitments to extend credit 

Commitments to extend credit are an agreement to lend to a customer either unsecured or secured, as long as collateral is available as agreed upon and there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not represent future cash requirements. Bancorp uses the same credit and collateral policies in making commitments and conditional guarantees as for on-balance sheet instruments. Bancorp evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, securities, equipment and real estate. However, should the commitments be drawn upon and should our customers default on their resulting obligation to us, our maximum exposure to credit loss, without consideration of collateral, is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Bancorp had accrued million and million, respectively, in other liabilities for its estimate of credit losses for off balance sheet credit exposures. The CB acquisition resulted in a increase to the ACL for off balance sheet credit exposures, with the corresponding offset recorded to goodwill (as opposed to provision expense). Provision for credit loss expense of was also recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven mainly by the addition of new lines of credit, and thus increased availability, and largely concentrated within the C D portfolio. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by Bancorp to guarantee the performance of a customer to a first party beneficiary. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support commercial transactions. Standby letters of credit generally have maturities of one to two years. 
 
 Certain commercial customers require confirmation of Bancorp s letters of credit by other banks since Bancorp does not have a rating by a national rating agency. Terms of the agreements range from one month to a year with certain agreements requiring between one and six months notice to cancel. If an event of default on all contracts had occurred at December 31, 2022, Bancorp would have been required to make payments of approximately million, or the maximum amount payable under those contracts. No payments have ever been required because of default on these contracts. These agreements are normally secured by collateral acceptable to Bancorp, which limits credit risk associated with the agreements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, in the normal course of business, there were pending legal actions and proceedings in which claims for damages are asserted. Management, after discussion with legal counsel, believes the ultimate result of these legal actions and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of Bancorp. 

Carrying values of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis follows: 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total available for sale debt securities 
 
 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Rate lock loan commitments 
 Mandatory forward contracts 
 Interest rate swaps 
 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Interest rate swaps 

Government sponsored enterprise obligations 
 Mortgage backed securities - government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Other 
 
 Total available for sale debt securities 
 Interest rate swaps 
 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Interest rate swaps 

Bancorp had no financial instruments classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 For the securities portfolio, Bancorp monitors the valuation technique used by pricing agencies to ascertain when transfers between levels have occurred. The nature of other assets and liabilities measured at fair value is such that transfers in and out of any level are expected to be rare. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transfers between Levels 1, 2, or 3. 

Discussion of assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis follows: 
 
 Collateral dependent loans For collateral-dependent loans where Bancorp has determined that the liquidation or foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Company expects repayment of the loan to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the estimated fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the loan as of the measurement date. For real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral is determined by third party or internal appraisals, which are then adjusted for the estimated selling and closing costs related to liquidation of the collateral. For this asset class, the actual valuation methods (income, comparable sales, or cost) vary based on the status of the project or property. The unobservable inputs may vary depending on the individual assets with no one of the three methods being the predominant approach. Bancorp reviews the third party appraisal for appropriateness and adjusts the value downward to consider selling and closing costs, which typically range from to of the appraised value. For non-real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral may be determined using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation and management s expertise or knowledge of the client and client s business. 
 
 OREO OREO is primarily comprised of real estate acquired in partial or full satisfaction of loans. OREO is recorded at its estimated fair value less estimated selling and closing costs at the date of transfer, with any excess of the related loan balance over the fair value less expected selling costs charged to the ACL. Subsequent changes in fair value are reported as adjustments to the carrying amount and are recorded against earnings. Bancorp obtains the valuation of OREO with material balances from third party appraisers. For this asset class, the actual valuation methods (income, sales comparable, or cost) vary based on the status of the project or property. The unobservable inputs may vary depending on the individual assets with none of the three methods being the predominant approach. Bancorp reviews the appraisal for appropriateness and adjusts the value downward to consider selling and closing costs, which typically range from to of the appraised value. 
 
 Below are carrying values of assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: 

Other real estate owned 

Other real estate owned 

Other real estate owned 

There were liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

For Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are presented below: 
 
 Appraisal Appraisal discounts 
 Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal discounts 

Appraisal Appraisal discounts 
 Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal discounts 

HTM debt securities 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Loans, net 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 
 Liabilities 
 Non-interest bearing deposits 
 Transaction deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 
 Federal funds purchased 
 Subordinated debentures 
 FHLB advances 
 Accrued interest payable 

Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Loans, net 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 
 Liabilities 
 Non-interest bearing deposits 
 Transaction deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 
 Federal funds purchased 
 Accrued interest payable 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information about financial instruments. Because no market exists for a significant portion of Bancorp s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Therefore, calculated fair value estimates in many instances cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realizable in a current sale of the instrument. Changes in assumptions could significantly impact estimates. 

Origination of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Loans held for sale acquired 
 Proceeds from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Net gain on sale of mortgage loans held for sale 
 Balance, end of period 

The following table represents the components of Mortgage banking income: 

Net change in fair value recognized on loans held for sale 
 Net change in fair value recognized on rate lock loan commitments 
 Net change in fair value recognized on forward contracts 
 Net gain recognized 
 
 Net loan servicing income 
 Amortization of mortgage servicing rights 
 Change in mortgage servicing rights valuation allowance 
 Net servicing income recognized 
 
 Other mortgage banking income 
 Total mortgage banking income 

Activity for capitalized mortgage servicing rights was as follows: 

MSRs acquired 
 Additions for mortgage loans sold 
 Amortization 
 Impairment 
 
 Balance, end of period 

MSRs, a component of other assets, are initially recognized at fair value when mortgage loans are sold with servicing retained. The MSRs are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income, considering appropriate prepayment assumptions. MSRs are evaluated quarterly for impairment by comparing carrying value to fair value. Fair value is based on a valuation model that calculates the PV of estimated net servicing income. The model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as estimated prepayment speeds and discount rates. 

The estimated fair value of MSRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. MSRs with an estimated fair value of million and million at the date of acquisition were acquired as part of CB and KB acquisitions, respectively. There was valuation allowance recorded for MSRs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as fair value exceeded carrying value. 
 
 Total outstanding principal balances of loans serviced for others were billion and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Loans serviced for others acquired as part of the CB acquisition totaled billion at the date of acquisition. 
 
 Mortgage banking derivatives used in the ordinary course of business consist primarily of mandatory forward sales contracts and interest rate lock loan commitments. Mandatory forward contracts represent future loan commitments to deliver loans at a specified price and date and are used to manage interest rate risk on loan commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. Interest rate lock loan commitments represent commitments to fund loans at a specific rate. These derivatives involve underlying items, such as interest rates, and are designed to transfer risk. Substantially all of these instruments expire within 90 days from the date of issuance. Notional amounts are amounts on which calculations and payments are based, but which do not represent credit exposure, as credit exposure is limited to the amount required to be received or paid. 
 
 Mandatory forward contracts also contain an element of risk in that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In the event the counterparties fail to deliver commitments or are unable to fulfill their obligations, the Bank could potentially incur significant additional costs by replacing the positions at then current market rates. The Bank manages its risk of exposure by limiting counterparties to those banks and institutions deemed appropriate by management. The Bank does not expect any counterparty to default on their obligations and therefore, the Bank does not expect to incur any cost related to counterparty default. 
 
 The Bank is exposed to interest rate risk on loans held for sale and rate lock loan commitments. As market interest rates fluctuate, the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and rate lock commitments will decline or increase. To offset this interest rate risk the Bank enters into derivatives, such as mandatory forward contracts to sell loans. The fair value of these mandatory forward contracts will fluctuate as market interest rates fluctuate, and the change in the value of these instruments is expected to largely, though not entirely, offset the change in fair value of loans held for sale and rate lock commitments. The objective of this activity is to minimize the exposure to losses on rate lock loan commitments and loans held for sale due to market interest rate fluctuations. The net effect of derivatives on earnings will depend on risk management activities and a variety of other factors, including: market interest rate volatility; the amount of rate lock commitments that close; the ability to fill the forward contracts before expiration; and the time period required to close and sell loans. 
 
 The following table includes the notional amounts and fair values of mortgage loans held for sale and mortgage banking derivatives: 

Included in other assets: 
 Rate lock loan commitments 
 Mandatory forward contracts 

Weighted average maturity (years) 
 Fair value 

Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Total Risk-Based Capital ratio and Tier 1 Leverage ratio. 
 
 Additionally, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Bancorp and the Bank must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for the Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and Total Risk-Based Capital ratio necessary to be considered adequately-capitalized. At December 31, 2022, the adequately-capitalized minimums, including the capital conservation buffer, were a Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and Total Risk-Based Capital ratio. 
 
 As a result of the CB acquisition, Bancorp became the successor owner of the following unconsolidated trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings loaned in exchange for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the TPS. The TPS are treated as part of Tier 1 Capital. The subordinated note and related interest expense are included in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements. The subordinated notes are currently redeemable at Bancorp s option on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, subordinated notes added through the CB acquisition totaled million. 
 
 Bancorp continues to exceed the regulatory requirements for all calculations. Bancorp and the Bank intend to maintain a capital position that meets or exceeds the well-capitalized requirements as defined by the FRB and the FDIC, in addition to the capital conservation buffer. 
 
 The following table sets forth consolidated Bancorp s and the Bank s risk based capital amounts and ratios: 
 
 NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Leverage 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 

NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital (1) 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 
 
 Leverage 
 Consolidated NA NA 
 Bank 

1 Ratio is computed in relation to risk-weighted assets. 
 
 NA Regulatory framework does not define well-capitalized for holding companies. 

Investment in and receivable from subsidiaries 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 Other liabilities 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Condensed Statements of Income 

Other income 
 Less expenses 
 Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 
 Income tax benefit 
 Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 
 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary 
 Net income 
 Less income attributed to non-controlling interest 
 Net income available to stockholders 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 Decrease (increase) in receivable from subsidiaries 
 Stock compensation expense 
 Excess tax benefits from stock- based compensation arrangements 
 Loss on disposition of LFA 
 Change in other assets 
 Change in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Investing activities 
 Purchase of AFS equity security 
 Proceeds from disposition of LFA 
 Cash for acquisition 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Financing activities 
 Repurchase of common stock 
 Share repurchases related to compensation plans 
 Subordinated debentures acquired 
 Cash disbursements to non-controlling interest 
 Disposition of LFA 
 Cash dividends paid 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 Cash at beginning of year 
 Cash at end of year 

The majority of the net assets of Bancorp are involved in the commercial banking segment. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill totaling million was recorded on Bancorp s consolidated balance sheets, of which million is attributed to the commercial banking segment and million is attributed to WM T. The portion of total goodwill attributed to WM T relates entirely to the CB acquisition, which generated million in total goodwill. With the exception of goodwill attributed to WM T through the CB acquisition, assets assigned to WM T consist primarily of a CLI asset associated with the WM T business added through the CB acquisition, net premises and equipment and a receivable related to fees earned that have not been collected. 
 
 Selected financial information by business segment follows: 

Provision for credit losses 
 Wealth management and trust services 
 All other non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less income attributable to NCI 
 Net income attributable to stockholders 
 
 Total assets 

Provision for credit losses 
 Wealth management and trust services 
 All other non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 
 Total assets 

Provision for credit losses 
 Wealth management and trust services 
 All other non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 
 Total assets 

Interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision 
 Non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Less income attributed to noncontrolling interest 
 Net income available to stockholders 
 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 

Interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision 
 Non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 

Interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision 
 Non-interest income 
 Non-interest expenses 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 

Note: The sum of EPS of each of the quarter may not equate to the year-to-date amount reported in Bancorp s consolidated financial statements due to rounding. 

Deposit service charges 
 Debit and credit card income 
 Treasury management fees 
 Mortgage banking income (1) 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees 
 Bank owned life insurance (1) 
 Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Total non-interest income 

Deposit service charges 
 Debit and credit card income 
 Treasury management fees 
 Mortgage banking income (1) 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees 
 Bank owned life insurance (1) 
 Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Total non-interest income 

Deposit service charges 
 Debit and credit card income 
 Treasury management fees 
 Mortgage banking income (1) 
 Net investment product sales commissions and fees 
 Bank owned life insurance (1) 
 Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Total non-interest income 

1 Outside of the scope of ASC 606. 
 2 Outside of the scope of ASC 606, with the exception of safe deposit fees which were nominal for all periods. 

Bancorp s revenue on the consolidated statement of income is categorized by product type, which effectively depicts how the nature, timing and extent of cash flows are affected by economic factors. Revenue sources within the scope of ASC 606 are discussed below: 
 
 Bancorp earns fees from its deposit customers for transaction-based, account management and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees, which include services such as ATM use fees, stop payments fees and ACH fees, are recognized at the time the transaction is executed, as that is when the company fulfills the performance obligation. Account management fees are earned over the course of a month and charged in the month in which the services are provided. 
 
 Treasury management transaction fees are recognized at the time the transaction is executed, as that is when the company fulfills the performance obligation. Account analysis fees are earned over the course of a month and charged in the month in which the services are provided. Treasury management fees are withdrawn from customers account balances. 
 
 WM T provides customers fiduciary and investment management services as agreed upon in asset management contracts. The contracts require WM T to provide a series of distinct services for which fees are earned over time. The contracts are cancellable upon demand with fees typically based upon the asset value of investments. Revenue is accrued and recognized monthly based upon month-end asset values and collected from the customer predominately in the following month except for a small percentage of fees collected quarterly. Incentive compensation related to WM T activities is considered a cost of obtaining the contract. Contracts between WM T and customers do not permit performance-based fees and accordingly, none of the fee income earned by WM T is performance-based. Trust fees receivable were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Investment products sales commissions and fees represent the Bank s share of transaction fees and wrap fees resulting from investment services and programs provided through an agent relationship with a third party broker-dealer. Transaction fees are assessed at the time of the transaction. Those fees are collected and recognized on a monthly basis. Trailing fees are based upon market values and are assessed, collected and recognized on a quarterly basis. Because the Bank acts as an agent in arranging the relationship between the customer and third party provider, and does not control the services rendered, investment product sales commissions and fees are reported net of related costs, including nominal incentive compensation, and trading activity charges of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Debit and credit card revenue primarily consists of debit and credit card interchange income. Interchange income represents fees assessed within the payment card system for acceptance of card-based transactions. Interchange fees are assessed as the performance obligation is satisfied, which is at the point in time the card transaction is authorized. Revenue is collected and recognized daily through the payment network settlement process. 
 
 Bancorp did not establish any contract assets or liabilities as a result of adopting ASC 606, nor were any recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 
 Louisville, Kentucky 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

158

Table of Contents 

Allowances for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 5.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and the associated allowance for credit losses on loans was 73.5 million. The Company s unfunded loan commitments totaled 2.1 billion, with an associated allowance for credit loss of 4.5 million. Together these amounts represent the allowances for credit losses ACL ). As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses related to loans is a contra-asset valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net amount expected to be collected. As discussed in Notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses related to unfunded commitments is a liability account and is included in other liabilities. The amount of each allowance account represented management s best estimate of current expected credit losses on these financial instruments considering all relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. 
 
 In calculating the allowance for credit losses, loans were segmented into pools based upon similar risk characteristics. For each loan pool, management measured expected credit losses over the life of each loan utilizing either a static pool model or a discounted cash flow (DCF) model. The static pool model primarily utilized historical loss rates applied to the estimated remaining life of each pool. The DCF model primarily measures probability of default PD and loss given default LGD with PD and LGD estimated by analyzing internally sourced data related to historical performance of each loan pool over a complete economic cycle. The models were adjusted to reflect the current impact of certain macroeconomic variables as well as their expected changes over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the forecasted macroeconomic variables were reverted to their historical mean utilizing a rational, systematic basis. 
 
 In some cases, management determined that an individual loan exhibited unique risk characteristics which differentiated the loan from other loans with the identified loan pools. In such cases the loans were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. 
 
 Management qualitatively adjusted model results for risk factors that were not considered within the modeling processes but were deemed relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan pools. These qualitative factor adjustments modified management s estimate of expected credit losses by a calculated percentage or amount based upon the estimated level of risk. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the nature of the qualitative factor adjustments included in the allowances for credit losses and complexity due to the implementation of the static pool and DCF models. Management s identification and measurement of the qualitative factor adjustments is highly judgmental and could have a significant effect on the ACL. 

159

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed related to this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, including the implementation of models and the qualitative factor adjustments of the ACL 

Evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of related controls over the reliability and accuracy of data used to calculate and estimate the various components of the ACL including: 

o Loan data completeness and accuracy 

o Grouping of loans by segment and methodology selection 

o Model inputs utilized including PD, LGD, remaining life and prepayment speed 

o Approval of model assumptions selected 

o Establishment of qualitative factors 

o Loan risk ratings 

o Individually evaluated loans 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of the ACL 

Performed reviews of individual credit files to evaluate the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings 

Tested internally prepared loan reviews to evaluate the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings 

Tested the completeness and accuracy, including the evaluation of the relevance and reliability, of inputs utilized in the calculation of the ACL 

Evaluated the qualitative adjustments to the ACL including assessing the basis for adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 

Tested the reasonableness of specific reserves on individually evaluated loans 

Evaluated credit quality trends in delinquencies, non-accruals, charge-offs and loan risk ratings 

Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the ACL and evaluated trends identified within peer groups 

Tested estimated utilization rate of unfunded loan commitments 

Acquisition 
 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. during the year ended December 31, 2022 with an acquisition price of 168 million, including the recognition of 67 million of Goodwill. Management determined that the acquisition qualified as a business and accordingly all identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were valued at fair value as part of the purchase price allocation as of the acquisition date. The identification and valuation of such acquired assets and assumed liabilities required management to exercise significant judgment and consider the use of outside vendors to estimate the fair value allocations. 
 
 We identified the acquisition and the valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities a critical audit matter. Auditing the acquisition transaction involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s operational assumptions, fair value estimates, purchase price allocations and assessing the appropriateness of outside vendor valuation models. 

160

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtaining and reviewing executed Plan and Agreement of Merger documents to gain an understanding of the underlying terms of the consummated acquisition 

Obtaining and reviewing management s reconciliation procedures of significant accounts and testing of existence and completion procedures performed and asset/liability identification considerations made 

Testing management s computation of purchase price and determination of goodwill recognized focusing on the completeness and accuracy of the balance sheet acquired and related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Obtaining and reviewing significant outside vendor valuation estimates and challenging management s review of the appropriateness of the valuations assessed/allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed; including but not limited to, testing all critical inputs, including assumptions applied and valuation models utilized by the outside vendors 

Utilization of our Forensics Valuation Services group to assist with testing and challenging the related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Reviewing and evaluating the adequacy of the disclosures made in the footnotes of the Corporation s SEC filings 

/s/ (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

February 24, 2023 
 
 Name of Engagement Executive: Ben D. Howard 
 Federal Employer Identification Number: 44-0160260 

161

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and other financial data were prepared by the management of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. (Bancorp), which has the responsibility for the integrity of the information presented. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and, as such, include amounts that are the best estimates and judgments of management with consideration given to materiality. 
 
 Management is further responsible for maintaining a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the books and records reflect the transactions of Bancorp and that its established policies and procedures are carefully followed. Management believes that Bancorp s system, taken as a whole, provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization, and the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 
 
 Management also seeks to assure the objectivity and integrity of Bancorp s financial data by the careful selection and training of qualified personnel, an internal audit function and organizational arrangements that provide an appropriate division of responsibility. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of Bancorp included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report on Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Board of Directors provides its oversight role for the consolidated financial statements through the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets periodically with management, the internal auditors, and the independent auditors, each on a private basis and as a whole, to review matters relating to financial reporting, the internal control systems, and the scope and results of audit efforts. The internal and independent auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee, with and without the presence of management, to discuss accounting, auditing, and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee also recommends the appointment of the independent auditors to the Board of Directors, and ultimately has sole authority to appoint or replace the independent auditors. 

/s/ James A. Hillebrand 

James A. Hillebrand 

Chairman and CEO 

/s/ T. Clay Stinnett 

T. Clay Stinnett 

EVP and CFO 

162

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Bancorp maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that it is able to collect the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC, and to record, process, summarize and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. Based on their evaluation of Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures which took place as of December 31, 2022, the Chairman/CEO and CFO believe that these controls and procedures are effective to ensure that Bancorp is able to collect, process and disclose the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC within the required time periods. 
 
 Based on the evaluation of Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures by the Chairman/CEO and CFO; no changes occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 in Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting. 

163

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary (Bancorp) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of Bancorp s Chairman/CEO and CFO, and effected by Bancorp s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance GAAP. This process includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Bancorp; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of Bancorp are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Bancorp; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Bancorp s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the control criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the COSO. As permitted by SEC guidance, management excluded from its assessment the operations of the Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. acquisition made during 2022, which is described in Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The total assets of the entity acquired in this acquisition represented approximately 18 of the Company s total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022. Based on such assessment, management has concluded that Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the specified criteria. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of Bancorp included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

/s/ James A. Hillebrand 

James A. Hillebrand 

Chairman and CEO 

/s/ T. Clay Stinnett 

T. Clay Stinnett 

EVP and CFO 

164

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 
 Louisville, Kentucky 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. acquired on March 7, 2022. Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. represented 18 percent of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

165

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 24, 2023 

166

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Bancorp is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading, PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS , in Bancorp s Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement ). 
 
 Information regarding the Audit Committee is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading, BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. 
 
 Information regarding principal occupation of Bancorp directors as of December 31, 2022 follows: 

Name of Director 
 
 Principal Occupation 

Shannon B. Arvin 
 
 President and CEO, Keeneland Association 

Paul J. Bickel III 
 
 President, U.S. Specialties 

J. McCauley Brown 
 
 Retired Vice President, Brown-Forman Corporation 

Allison J. Donovan 
 
 Member, Stoll Keenon Ogden Law Firm 

David P. Heintzman 
 
 Retired CEO, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 

Carl G. Herde 
 
 Vice President/Financial Policy, Kentucky Hospital Association 

James A. Hillebrand 
 
 Chairman of the Boards and CEO, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 

Richard A. Lechleiter 
 
 President, Catholic Education Foundation of Louisville 

Philip S. Poindexter 
 
 President, Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 

Stephen M. Priebe 
 
 President, Hall Contracting of Kentucky 

Edwin S. Saunier 
 
 President, Saunier North American, Inc. 

John L. Schutte 
 
 CEO, GeriMed, Inc. 

Kathy C. Thompson 
 
 Senior EVP, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company and Manager of the Bank's WM T Division 

Laura L. Wells 
 
 Freelance Journalist 

The Board of Directors of Bancorp has adopted a code of ethics for its CEO and financial executives included under Exhibit 14. 

167

Table of Contents 

The following table lists the names and ages as of December 31, 2022 of all current executive officers of Bancorp and the Bank. Each executive officer is appointed by Bancorp s Board of Directors to serve at the discretion of the Board. 
 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer or Bancorp or the Bank and any other person(s) pursuant to which he/she was or is to be selected as an officer. 

Name and Age 
 
 Position and Offices with 

of Executive Officer 
 
 Bancorp and/or the Bank 

James A. Hillebrand 
 
 Chairman and CEO of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 54 

Philip S. Poindexter 
 
 President of Bancorp and SYB; Director of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 56 

T. Clay Stinnett 
 
 EVP, Treasurer and CFO of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 49 

Michael J. Croce 
 
 EVP and Director of Retail Banking of SYB 

Age 53 

William M. Dishman III 
 
 EVP and Chief Risk Officer of SYB 

Age 59 

Michael V. Rehm 
 
 EVP and Chief Lending Officer of SYB 

Age 58 

Kathy C. Thompson 
 
 Senior EVP and Director of WM T Division of SYB; Director of Bancorp and SYB 

Age 61 

Mr. Hillebrand was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 2021. Prior thereto, he was appointed CEO of Bancorp and SYB in October 2018. Prior thereto, he served as President of Bancorp and SYB since 2008. Prior thereto, he served as EVP and Director of Private Banking of SYB since 2005. From 2000 to 2004, he served as SVP of Private Banking. Mr. Hillebrand joined the Bank in 1996. 
 
 Mr. Poindexter was elected to the Board of Directors at the 2022 Annual Meeting. Prior thereto, he was appointed President of Bancorp and SYB in October 2018. Prior thereto, he served as Chief Lending Officer of SYB since 2008. Prior thereto, he served as EVP of SYB and Director of Commercial Banking. Mr. Poindexter joined the Bank in 2004. 
 
 Mr. Stinnett was appointed EVP, Treasurer and CFO of Bancorp and SYB in April 2019. Prior thereto, he served as EVP and Chief Strategic Officer of Bancorp and SYB since 2011. Prior thereto, he served as SVP and Chief Strategic Officer of SYB since 2005. Mr. Stinnett joined the Bank in 2000. 
 
 Mr. Croce was appointed EVP of SYB and Director of Retail Banking in 2014. Prior thereto, he served as SVP of SYB and Division Manager of Business Banking. Mr. Croce joined the Bank in 2004. 
 
 Mr. Dishman joined the Bank as EVP and Chief Risk Officer in 2009. 
 
 Mr. Rehm was appointed EVP and Chief Lending Officer of SYB in October 2018. Prior thereto, he served as SVP of SYB and Division Manager of Commercial Lending. Mr. Rehm joined the Bank in 2006. 
 
 Ms. Thompson was appointed Senior EVP of Bancorp and SYB in 2006. Prior thereto, she served as EVP of Bancorp and SYB. She joined the Bank in 1992 as Manager of the WM T Department. 

168

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. 
 
 Information regarding the Compensation Committee is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading, TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. The report of the Compensation Committee shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed soliciting material or subject to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading, PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. 
 
 The information required by this item concerning equity compensation plan information is included in the Footnote titled Stock Based Compensation of the notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings, PROPOSAL 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS and TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS, in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FEES, in Bancorp s Proxy Statement. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) (1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Income - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

(a) (2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is NA. 

169

Table of Contents 

(a) (3) 
 Exhibits : 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of S.Y. Bancorp, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Kentucky on April 25, 2013. Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed April 25, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the company to Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Kentucky on April 23, 2014. Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed April 25, 2014, is incorporated by reference herein. 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock and adopt majority voting in uncontested director elections, filed with the Secretary of State of Kentucky on April 23, 2015. Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed April 27, 2015, is incorporated by reference herein. 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws of Bancorp as currently in effect. Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K/A filed October 1, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. Securities 

10.1 
 
 Stock Yards Bank Trust Company Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated in 2009), as filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2008, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.2 
 
 Stock Yards Bank Trust Company Director Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated in 2009), as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2008, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Yards Bank Trust Company Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Employer Contribution Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2006, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.4 
 
 Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 2009 Restated Senior Officers Security Plan Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed December 19, 2008, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.5 
 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement (Dishman, Stinnett and Croce), as filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed January 28, 2010, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.6 
 
 S.Y. Bancorp, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed May 2, 2005, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to S. Y. Bancorp, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2010, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.8 
 
 Terms of Restricted Stock Program, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2007, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Stock Yards Bank Trust Company, S.Y. Bancorp, Inc. and each member of the Board of Directors. Exhibit 10.3 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, of Bancorp is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the S. Y. Bancorp, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2011, is incorporated by reference herein 

10.11 
 
 Form of Annual Cash Incentive Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the S. Y. Bancorp, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Director Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement (for Ja Hillebrand and Kathy Thompson), as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.15 
 
 Form of Annual Cash Bonus Plan (as amended December 16, 2013), as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for grants awarded 2014 and later, as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2013, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.17 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Yards Bank Trust Company Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2014, is incorporated by reference herein. 

170

Table of Contents 

10.18 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Yards Bank Trust Company Director Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2014, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.19 
 
 Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8K, on April 27, 2015 is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.20 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2016, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.21 
 
 Form of Performance-Vested Stock Unit Grant Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2017, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Yards Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Yards Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.24 
 
 Executive Transition Agreement by and among David P. Heintzman, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.25 
 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement between Stock Yards Bank Trust Company and Phillip S. Poindexter, as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Grant Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2018, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.27 
 
 Executive Transition Agreement by and among Nancy B. Davis, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2018 is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Performance Vested Stock Unit Grant Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2020, is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.29 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, of Bancorp in incorporated by reference herein. 

10.30 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Stock Yard Bank Trust Company Executive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, of Bancorp is incorporated by reference herein. 

10.31 
 
 Form of Performance-Vested Stock Unit Grant Agreement, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2022, incorporated by reference herein. 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics for the CEO and Financial Executives 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by James A Hillebrand 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by T. Clay Stinnett 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by James A. Hillebrand 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by T. Clay Stinnett 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from the Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. December 31, 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 24, 2023, formatted in inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets (2) Consolidated Statements of Income (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (4) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (6) Footnotes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

104 
 
 The cover page from Stock Yards Bancorp Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

Indicates matters related to executive compensation or other management contracts. 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

171

Table of Contents 

(b) 
 Exhibits: 

The exhibits listed in response to Item 15(a) 3 are filed or furnished as part of this report. 

(c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 Not applicable. 

172

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 STOCK YARDS BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ James A. Hillebrand 

James A. Hillebrand 

Chairman and CEO 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ James A. Hillebrand 
 
 Chairman and CEO 
 
 February 24, 2023 

James A. Hillebrand 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Philip S. Poindexter 
 
 President and director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Philip S. Poindexter 

/s/ T. Clay Stinnett 
 
 EVP and CFO 
 
 February 24, 2023 

T. Clay Stinnett 
 
 (principal financial officer 

/s/ Michael B. Newton 
 
 SVP and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Michael B. Newton 

/s/ Shannon B. Arvin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Shannon B. Arvin 

/s/ Paul J. Bickel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Paul J. Bickel 

/s/ J. McCauley Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

J. McCauley Brown 

/s/ Allison J. Donovan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Allison J. Donovan 

/s/ David P. Heintzman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David P. Heinztman 

/s/ Carl G. Herde 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Carl G. Herde 

/s/ Richard A. Lechleiter 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Richard A. Lechleiter 

/s/ Stephen M. Priebe 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Stephen M. Priebe 

/s/ Edwin S. Saunier 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Edwin S. Saunier 

/s/ John L. Schutte 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

John L. Schutte 

/s/ Kathy C. Thompson 
 
 Senior EVP and Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Kathy C. Thompson 

/s/ Laura L. Wells 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Laura L. Wells 

173

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex_477807.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

ex_477807.htm 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. Stock Yards, we or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our common stock, no par value per share. The following description of our common stock is a summary of the material terms of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws (the Bylaws and includes all material information with respect to the rights and privileges associated with ownership of our common stock. For a complete description, we refer you to the more detailed provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part, and any applicable provisions of relevant law, including the Kentucky Business Corporation Act and federal laws and regulations governing bank holding companies. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Pursuant to our Articles of Incorporation, we have authority to issue up to 40,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors may issue shares of the preferred stock from time to time, in one or more series, without shareholder approval. The board of directors may determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights, to the extent permitted by Kentucky law, of any class, or series within a class, of preferred stock that it designates. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. 

Voting Rights 

The holders of our common stock have the right to one vote per share on all matters which require their vote and do not have the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws require majority voting for the election of directors in uncontested elections. This means that the director nominees in an uncontested election for directors must receive a number of votes cast for his or her election that exceeds the number of votes cast against. If the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. 

Dividend Rights 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive and share equally in dividends, if, as, and when such dividends are declared by our board of directors out of assets legally available for such purpose, subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of preferred stock which may then be outstanding. 

Redemption, Conversion and Preemptive Rights 

Shares of our common stock are not redeemable and do not have subscription, conversion or preemptive rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions available to the common stock. 

Liquidation Rights 

If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business, subject to the rights of our creditors and the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock having a preference in liquidation, we will distribute our remaining assets to our common shareholders in proportion to the number of shares that each common shareholder holds. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Matters 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain a number of provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shareholders' shares. These provisions include: 

Business Combinations. Our Articles of Incorporation require that, before certain types of business combination transactions involving Stock Yards and a person who beneficially owns 20 or more of the outstanding voting securities of Stock Yards (an "interested shareholder"), may be completed, the proposed transaction must first be recommended by our board of directors and approved by (i) the holders of at least 80 of the voting power of all outstanding voting securities of Stock Yards, voting together as a single class, and (ii) two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of our stock other than the voting securities owned by the interested shareholder who is a party to the transaction, voting together as a single class. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset sale or a transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. These special voting requirements do not apply to a business combination with an interested shareholder if the transaction is either approved by a majority of our directors who are not affiliated with the interested shareholder or the proposed transaction meets certain minimum price requirements specified in the Articles of Incorporation. In addition, Stock Yards is prohibited from engaging in a business combination transaction with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction or event in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless prior to the time the person became an interested shareholder, a majority of the disinterested members of our board of directors approved either the proposed business combination or the transaction that results in the person becoming an interested shareholder. These provisions of our Articles of Incorporation are intended to deter abusive takeover tactics and to help assure that all shareholders of Stock Yards will be treated equally in a possible acquisition transaction. They may have the effect of encouraging a party or parties interested in acquiring Stock Yards to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the shareholder approval requirement would be avoided if a majority of the directors then in office approve the proposed business combination transaction. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard to the nomination, other than by or at the direction of the board of directors, of candidates for election as directors and with regard to certain matters to be brought before an annual meeting of our shareholders. In general, notice must be received by Stock Yards not less than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting and must contain certain specified information concerning the person to be nominated or the matter to be brought before the meeting and concerning the shareholder submitting the proposal. 

Removal of Directors Only for Cause. Our Articles of Incorporation limit the right of its shareholders to remove directors from office to those circumstances meeting the definition of "cause" under the Articles of Incorporation. Cause means a director's participation in any transaction in which his or her financial interests conflict with those of Stock Yards or our shareholders; any act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; or the participation by the director in any transaction from which he or she derived an improper personal benefit. 

Authorized But Unissued Shares. Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval, subject to limitations imposed by the Nasdaq Stock Market. We may use these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Stock Yards by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Listing 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "SYBT." 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock is Computershare Investor Services LLC. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-14>
 3
 ex_477808.htm
 EXHIBIT 14

ex_477808.htm 

EXHIBIT 14 

Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Financial Executives 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and Stock Yards Bank Trust Company are strongly committed to conducting business with honesty and integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Senior financial officers hold an important position in our corporate governance structure because of their role in balancing, protecting and preserving the interests of all of our stakeholders. This Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Financial Executives contains specific principles to which the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other financial, accounting and treasury officers (the Financial Officers are expected to adhere. This Code of Ethics is intended to supplement the general corporate code of conduct. 

This code is intended to be our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers pursuant to the provisions of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All Financial Officers will: 

1. 

Act with honesty and integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of interest in personal and professional relationships. 

2. 

Provide our stakeholders with information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely and understandable. 

3. 

Comply with rules and regulations of federal, state, provincial and local governments, and other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies. 

4. 

Act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts or allowing one s independent judgment to be subordinated. 

5. 

Respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of one s work except when authorized or otherwise legally obligated to disclose. Confidential information acquired in the course of one s work will not be used for personal advantage. 

6. 

Share knowledge and maintain skills important and relevant to our stakeholders needs. 

7. 

Proactively promote ethical behavior as a responsible partner among peers in one s work environment. 

8. 

Achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and resources employed or entrusted to us. 

9. 

Report known or suspected violations of this Code in accordance with all applicable rules of procedure. 

10. 

Be held accountable for adhering to this Code. 

11. 

Not unduly or fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead any authorized audit or interfere with any auditor engaged in the performance of an internal or independent audit of our financial statements or accounting books and records. 

We will promptly disclose the nature of any amendment (other than administrative or non-substantive amendments) to or waiver from this Code of Ethics as may be required by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the NASDAQ. 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex_477809.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_477809.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

 As of December 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Business Name of Subsidiary 

Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 

Kentucky 

Stock Yards Bank Trust Company 

SYB Insurance Company, Inc. 

Nevada 

SYB Insurance Company, Inc. 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust III 

Delaware 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust III 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV 

Delaware 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust V 

Delaware 

Commonwealth Statutory Trust V 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_477810.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_477810.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333 128809 and 333-96742), Form S-3 (File No. 033-96744) and Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-261637) of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. (the Company of our reports dated February 24, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the three-year period then ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 24, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 

Indianapolis, Indiana 

 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_477811.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_477811.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, James A. Hillebrand, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ James A. Hillebrand 

James A. Hillebrand 
			Chairman and CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_477812.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_477812.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, T. Clay Stinnett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ T. Clay Stinnett 

T. Clay Stinnett, 

			 EVP, Treasurer and CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_477813.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_477813.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this annual report of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), we, the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ James A. Hillebrand 

James A. Hillebrand 

Chairman and CEO 

A signed original of this written statement required by section 906 has been provided to Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_477814.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_477814.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this annual report of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), we, the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ T. Clay Stinnett 

T. Clay Stinnett 

EVP, Treasurer and CFO 

A signed original of this written statement required by section 906 has been provided to Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sybt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sybt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sybt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sybt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sybt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

