<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1693317_0001693317-23-000002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10244409</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233855</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1530562</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3483498</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2514744</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2295995</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001693317-23-000002.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222192934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001693317-23-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001693317
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				471929160
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-215435
		FILM NUMBER:		23655392

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-375-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001693317-23-000002.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 cch-20221231.htm
 10-K

cch-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Note: The registrant was a voluntary filer until March 25, 2022. The registrant has filed all reports required pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) during the preceding 12 months as if the registrant was subject to such filing requirements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: Not applicable 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Not applicable 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 67 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Managers, Executive Officers and Company Governance 
 68 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 68 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Member Matters 
 68 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Manager Independence 
 68 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 68 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 75 
 Signatures 
 76 

i 

Table of Contents 

 DEFINITIONS 
 
 As used in this annual report, the terms listed below have the following meanings: 
 
 Common Industry and Other Terms 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update Bcf billion cubic feet Bcf/d billion cubic feet per day Bcf/yr billion cubic feet per year Bcfe billion cubic feet equivalent DAT delivered at terminal DOE U.S. Department of Energy EPC engineering, procurement and construction FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FID final investment decision FOB free-on-board FTA countries countries with which the United States has a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Henry Hub the final settlement price (in USD per MMBtu) for the New York Mercantile Exchange s Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the month in which a relevant cargo s delivery window is scheduled to begin IPM agreements integrated production marketing agreements in which the gas producer sells to us gas on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LNG liquefied natural gas, a product of natural gas that, through a refrigeration process, has been cooled to a liquid state, which occupies a volume that is approximately 1/600th of its gaseous state MMBtu million British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit mtpa million tonnes per annum non-FTA countries countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas and with which trade is permitted SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SPA LNG sale and purchase agreement TBtu trillion British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit 
 Train an industrial facility comprised of a series of refrigerant compressor loops used to cool natural gas into LNG 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Abbreviated Legal Entity Structure 
 
 The following diagram depicts our abbreviated legal entity structure as of December 31, 2022, including our ownership of certain subsidiaries, and the references to these entities used in this annual report: 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to CCH, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 In June 2022, as part of the internal restructuring of Cheniere s subsidiaries, Cheniere contributed its equity interest in Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage III, LLC CCL Stage III ), formerly a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Cheniere, to us, and CCL Stage III was subsequently merged with and into CCL, the surviving entity of the merger and our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This annual report contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, included herein or incorporated herein by reference are forward-looking statements. Included among forward-looking statements are, among other things: 
 statements that we expect to commence or complete construction of our proposed LNG terminal, liquefaction facility, pipeline facility or other projects, or any expansions or portions thereof, by certain dates, or at all; 
 statements regarding future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption or future levels of LNG imports into or exports from North America and other countries worldwide or purchases of natural gas, regardless of the source of such information, or the transportation or other infrastructure or demand for and prices related to natural gas, LNG or other hydrocarbon products; 
 statements regarding any financing transactions or arrangements, or our ability to enter into such transactions; 
 statements regarding our future sources of liquidity and cash requirements; 
 statements relating to the construction of our Trains and pipeline, including statements concerning the engagement of any EPC contractor or other contractor and the anticipated terms and provisions of any agreement with any EPC or other contractor, and anticipated costs related thereto; 
 statements regarding any SPA or other agreement to be entered into or performed substantially in the future, including any revenues anticipated to be received and the anticipated timing thereof, and statements regarding the amounts of total natural gas liquefaction or storage capacities that are, or may become, subject to contracts; 
 statements regarding counterparties to our commercial contracts, construction contracts and other contracts; 
 statements regarding our planned development and construction of additional Trains and pipelines, including the financing of such Trains and pipelines; 
 statements that our Trains, when completed, will have certain characteristics, including amounts of liquefaction capacities; 
 statements regarding our business strategy, our strengths, our business and operation plans or any other plans, forecasts, projections, or objectives, including anticipated revenues, capital expenditures, maintenance and operating costs and cash flows, any or all of which are subject to change; 
 statements regarding legislative, governmental, regulatory, administrative or other public body actions, approvals, requirements, permits, applications, filings, investigations, proceedings or decisions; 
 any other statements that relate to non-historical or future information; and 
 other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 All of these types of statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, could, should, achieve, anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, estimate, expect, intend, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, target, the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe that such estimates are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our control. In addition, assumptions may prove to be inaccurate. We caution that the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are not guarantees of future performance and that such statements may not be realized or the forward-looking statements or events may not occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report and in the other reports and other information that we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement or provide reasons why actual results may differ, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEMS 1. AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 

General 
 
 We are a Delaware limited liability company formed in 2014 by Cheniere. We provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner, delivering a reliable, competitive and integrated source of LNG to our customers. 
 
 LNG is natural gas (methane) in liquid form. The LNG we produce is shipped all over the world, turned back into natural gas (called regasification and then transported via pipeline to homes and businesses and used as an energy source that is essential for heating, cooking and other industrial uses. Natural gas is a cleaner-burning, abundant and affordable source of energy. When LNG is converted back to natural gas, it can be used instead of coal, which reduces the amount of pollution traditionally produced from burning fossil fuels, like sulfur dioxide and particulate matter that enters the air we breathe. Additionally, compared to coal, it produces significantly fewer carbon emissions. By liquefying natural gas, we are able to reduce its volume by 600 times so that we can load it onto special LNG carriers designed to keep the LNG cold and in liquid form for efficient transport overseas. 
 
 We own and operate a natural gas liquefaction and export facility located near Corpus Christi, Texas (the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal through CCL, which has natural gas liquefaction facilities consisting of three operational Trains for a total operational production capacity of approximately 15 mtpa of LNG, three LNG storage tanks with aggregate capacity of approximately 10 Bcfe and two marine berths that can each accommodate vessels with nominal capacity of up to 266,000 cubic meters. Additionally, we are constructing an expansion of the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal (the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project for up to seven midscale Trains with an expected total operational production capacity over 10 mtpa of LNG. 
 
 In June 2022, Cheniere s board of directors (the Board made a positive FID with respect to the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and issued a full notice to proceed with construction to Bechtel effective June 16, 2022. In connection with the positive FID, CCL Stage III, through which Cheniere was developing and constructing the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, was contributed to us from Cheniere (the Contribution on June 15, 2022. Immediately following the Contribution, CCL Stage III was merged with and into CCL (the Merger ), the surviving entity of the merger and our wholly owned subsidiary. Refer to Note 3 CCL Stage III Contribution and Merger of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Contribution and Merger of CCL Stage III. 
 
 We also own and operate through CCP a 21.5-mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal with several interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines (the Corpus Christi Pipeline and together with the existing operational Trains, midscale Trains, storage tanks and marine berths, the Liquefaction Project ). 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We have contracted most of our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreements, we have contracted approximately 88 of the total anticipated production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 18 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. For further discussion of the contracted future cash flows under our revenue arrangements, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 We remain focused on safety, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. Increasing demand for LNG has allowed us to expand our liquefaction infrastructure in a financially disciplined manner. We have increased available liquefaction capacity at our Liquefaction Project as a result of debottlenecking and other optimization projects. We hold a significant land position at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, which provides opportunity for further liquefaction capacity expansion. In September 2022, CCL and another subsidiary of Cheniere entered the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for an expansion adjacent to the Liquefaction Project consisting of two midscale Trains with an expected total production capacity of approximately 3 mtpa of LNG Midscale Trains 8 and 9 ). The development of 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Midscale Trains 8 and 9 or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before a positive FID is made. 

Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our primary business strategy for the Liquefaction Project is to develop, construct and operate assets to meet our long-term customers energy demands. We plan to implement our strategy by: 
 safely, efficiently and reliably operating and maintaining our assets; 
 procuring natural gas and pipeline transport capacity to our facility; 
 commencing commercial delivery for our long-term SPA customers, of which we have initiated for 13 of 15 third party long-term SPA customers as of December 31, 2022; 
 maximizing the production of LNG to serve our customers and generating steady and stable revenues and operating cash flows ; 
 further expanding and/or optimizing the Liquefaction Project by leveraging existing infrastructure; 
 maintaining a prudent and cost-effective capital structure; and 
 strategically identifying actionable environmental solutions. 

Our Business 
 
 Below is a discussion of our operations. For further discussion of our contractual obligations and cash requirements related to these operations, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Our Liquefaction Project 
 
 The Liquefaction Project, as described above under the caption Gene r a l , includes three Trains and two marine berths and the construction of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project with up to seven midscale Trains adjacent to the Liquefaction Project. Additionally, in September 2022, CCL and another subsidiary of Cheniere entered the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for Midscale Trains 8 and 9. 
 
 The following table summarizes the project completion and construction status of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project as of January 31, 2023: 
 Overall project completion percentage 24.5 Completion percentage of: Engineering 41.3 Procurement 36.9 Subcontract work 29.5 Construction 2.2 Date of expected substantial completion 2H 2025 - 1H 2027 
 
 The following summarizes the volumes of natural gas for which we have received approvals from FERC to site, construct and operate the Liquefaction Project and the orders we have received from the DOE authorizing the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Liquefaction Project through December 31, 2050: 
 FERC Approved Volume DOE Approved Volume (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) Trains 1 through 3 of the Liquefaction Project: FTA countries 875.16 17 875.16 17 Non-FTA countries 875.16 17 875.16 17 Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project: FTA countries 582.14 11.45 582.14 11.45 Non-FTA countries 582.14 11.45 582.14 11.45 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Pipeline Facilities 
 
 In November 2019, the FERC authorized CCP to construct and operate the pipeline for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, which is designed to transport 1.5 Bcf/d of natural gas feedstock required by the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project from the existing regional natural gas pipeline grid. 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage 
 
 CCL has secured natural gas feedstock for the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal through traditional long-term natural gas supply and IPM agreements. Additionally, to ensure that CCL is able to transport and manage the natural gas feedstock to the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, it has entered into transportation precedent and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation and storage capacity from third parties. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Information regarding our customer contracts can be found in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following table shows customers with revenues of 10 or greater of total revenues from external customers: 
 Percentage of Total Revenues from External Customers Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Endesa Generaci n, S.A. (which subsequently assigned its SPA to Endesa S.A.) and Endesa S.A. 
 21 21 31 PT Pertamina (Persero) 
 14 16 16 Naturgy LNG GOM, Limited 
 14 15 14 Trafigura Pte Ltd and affiliates 
 10 
 
 Less than 10 
 
 All of the above customers contribute to our LNG revenues through SPA contracts. 
 
 Governmental Regulation 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and laws. These laws require that we engage in consultations with appropriate federal and state agencies and that we obtain and maintain applicable permits and other authorizations. These rigorous regulatory requirements increase the cost of construction and operation, and failure to comply with such laws could result in substantial penalties and/or loss of necessary authorizations. 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 
 The design, construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of the Liquefaction Project, the import or export of LNG and the purchase and transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce through the Corpus Christi Pipeline are highly regulated activities subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC pursuant to the Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended (the NGA ). Under the NGA, the FERC s jurisdiction generally extends to the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, to the sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce, to natural gas companies engaged in such transportation or sale and to the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of LNG terminals and interstate natural gas pipelines. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The FERC s authority to regulate interstate natural gas pipelines and the services that they provide generally includes regulation of: 
 rates and charges, and terms and conditions for natural gas transportation, storage and related services; 
 the certification and construction of new facilities and modification of existing facilities; 
 the extension and abandonment of services and facilities; 
 the administration of accounting and financial reporting regulations, including the maintenance of accounts and records; 
 the acquisition and disposition of facilities; 
 the initiation and discontinuation of services; and 
 various other matters. 
 
 Under the NGA, our pipeline is not permitted to unduly discriminate or grant undue preference as to rates or the terms and conditions of service to any shipper, including its own marketing affiliate. Those rates, terms and conditions must be public, and on file with the FERC. In contrast to pipeline regulation, the FERC does not require LNG terminal owners to provide open-access services at cost-based or regulated rates. Although the provisions that codified the FERC s policy in this area expired on January 1, 2015, we see no indication that the FERC intends to change its policy in this area. On February 18, 2022, the FERC updated its 1999 Policy Statement on certification of new interstate natural gas facilities and the framework for the FERC s decision-making process, modifying the standards FERC uses to evaluate applications to include, among other things, reasonably foreseeable greenhouse gas emissions that may be attributable to the project and the project s impact on environmental justice communities. On March 24, 2022, the FERC pulled back the Policy Statement, re-issued it as a draft and it remains pending. At this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 We are permitted to make sales of natural gas for resale in interstate commerce pursuant to a blanket marketing certificate granted by the FERC with the issuance of our Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to our marketing affiliates. Our sales of natural gas will be affected by the availability, terms and cost of pipeline transportation. As noted above, the price and terms of access to pipeline transportation are subject to extensive federal and state regulation. 
 In order to site, construct and operate the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, we received and are required to maintain authorizations from the FERC under Section 3 of the NGA as well as other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 (the EPAct amended Section 3 of the NGA to establish or clarify the FERC s exclusive authority to approve or deny an application for the siting, construction, expansion or operation of LNG terminals, unless specifically provided otherwise in the EPAct, amendments to the NGA. For example, nothing in the EPAct amendments to the NGA were intended to affect otherwise applicable law related to any other federal agency s authorities or responsibilities related to LNG terminals or those of a state acting under federal law. 
 
 In December 2014, the FERC issued an order granting CCL authorization under Section 3 of the NGA to site, construct and operate Trains 1 through 3 of the Liquefaction Project and issued a certificate of public convenience and necessity under Section 7(c) of the NGA authorizing construction and operation of the Corpus Christi Pipeline (the December 2014 Order ). A party to the proceeding requested a rehearing of the December 2014 Order, and in May 2015, the FERC denied rehearing (the Order Denying Rehearing ). The party petitioned the relevant Court of Appeals to review the December 2014 Order and the Order Denying Rehearing; that petition was denied on November 4, 2016. In June of 2018, CCL Stage III, CCL and CCP filed an application with the FERC for authorization under Section 3 of the NGA to site, construct and operate the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project at the existing Liquefaction Project and pipeline location, which is being developed by a wholly owned subsidiary of Cheniere that is not owned or controlled by us. In November 2019, the FERC authorized the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. The Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project consists of the addition of seven midscale Trains and related facilities. The order is not subject to appellate court review. In 2020, the FERC authorized CCP to construct and operate a portion of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project (Sinton Compressor Station Unit No. 1) on an interim basis independently from the remaining the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project facilities, which received FERC approval for in-service in December 2020. 
 
 On September 27, 2019, CCL filed a request with the FERC pursuant to Section 3 of the NGA, requesting authorization to increase the total LNG production capacity of the terminal from currently authorized levels to an amount which reflects more accurately the capacity of the facility based on enhancements during the engineering, design and construction process, as well 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 as operational experience to date. The requested authorizations do not involve construction of new facilities. Corresponding applications for authorization to export the incremental volumes were also submitted to the DOE. The DOE issued Orders granting authorization to export LNG to FTA countries in April 2020 and to non-FTA countries in March 2022. In October 2021, the FERC issued its Orders Amending Authorization under Section 3 of the NGA. In March 2022, the DOE authorized the export of an additional 108.16 Bcf/yr of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal through December 31, 2050 to non-FTA countries, that were previously authorized for FTA countries only. 
 
 The FERC s Standards of Conduct apply to interstate pipelines that conduct transmission transactions with an affiliate that engages in natural gas marketing functions. The general principles of the FERC Standards of Conduct are: (1) independent functioning, which requires transmission function employees to function independently of marketing function employees; (2) no-conduit rule, which prohibits passing transmission function information to marketing function employees; and (3) transparency, which imposes posting requirements to detect undue preference due to the improper disclosure of non-public transmission function information. We have established the required policies, procedures and training to comply with the FERC s Standards of Conduct. 
 
 All of our FERC construction, operation, reporting, accounting and other regulated activities are subject to audit by the FERC, which may conduct routine or special inspections and issue data requests designed to ensure compliance with FERC rules, regulations, policies and procedures. The FERC s jurisdiction under the NGA allows it to impose civil and criminal penalties for any violations of the NGA and any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC up to approximately 1.3 million per day per violation, including any conduct that violates the NGA s prohibition against market manipulation. 
 
 Several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits are required throughout the life of the Liquefaction Project. In addition, our FERC orders require us to comply with certain ongoing conditions, reporting obligations and maintain other regulatory agency approvals throughout the life of the Liquefaction Project. For example, throughout the life of the Liquefaction Project, we are subject to regular reporting requirements to the FERC, the Department of Transportation s DOT Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA and applicable federal and state regulatory agencies regarding the operation and maintenance of our facilities. To date, we have been able to obtain and maintain required approvals as needed, and the need for these approvals and reporting obligations have not materially affected our construction or operations. 
 
 DOE Export Licenses 
 
 The DOE has authorized the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal as discussed in Our Liquefaction Project. Although it is not expected to occur, the loss of an export authorization could be a force majeure event under our SPAs. 
 
 Under Section 3 of the NGA applications for exports of natural gas to FTA countries, which allow for national treatment for trade in natural gas, are deemed to be consistent with the public interest and shall be granted by the DOE without modification or delay. FTA countries currently recognized by the DOE for exports of LNG include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Jordan, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Oman, Panama, Peru, Republic of Korea and Singapore. FTAs with Israel and Costa Rica do not require national treatment for trade in natural gas. Applications for export of LNG to non-FTA countries are considered by the DOE in a notice and comment proceeding whereby the public and other interveners are provided the opportunity to comment and may assert that such authorization would not be consistent with the public interest. 
 
 Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to regulation by PHMSA. PHMSA is authorized by the applicable pipeline safety laws to establish minimum safety standards for certain pipelines and LNG facilities. The regulatory standards PHMSA has established are applicable to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, maintenance and management of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipeline facilities and LNG facilities that affect interstate or foreign commerce. PHMSA has also established training, worker qualification and reporting requirements. 
 
 PHMSA performs inspections of pipeline and LNG facilities and has authority to undertake enforcement actions, including issuance of civil penalties up to approximately 258,000 per day per violation, with a maximum administrative civil penalty of approximately 2.6 million for any related series of violations. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Other Governmental Permits, Approvals and Authorizations 
 
 Construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project requires additional permits, orders, approvals and consultations to be issued by various federal and state agencies, including the DOT, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers USACE ), U.S. Department of Commerce, National Marine Fisheries Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality TCEQ and the Railroad Commission of Texas RRC ). 
 
 The USACE issues its permits under the authority of the Clean Water Act CWA (Section 404) and the Rivers and Harbors Act (Section 10). The EPA administers the Clean Air Act CAA and has delegated authority to the TCEQ to issue the Title V Operating Permit (the Title V Permit and the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Permit (the PSD Permit ). These two permits are issued by the TCEQ. 
 
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Commodity Exchange Act to provide for federal regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in those markets. The CFTC has enacted a number of regulations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, including the speculative position limit rules. Given the recent enactment of the speculative position limit rules, as well as the impact of other rules and regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, the impact of such rules and regulations on our business continues to be uncertain, but is not expected to be material. 
 
 As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC and federal banking regulators also adopted rules requiring Swap Dealers (as defined in the Dodd-Frank Act), including those that are regulated financial institutions, to collect initial and/or variation margin with respect to uncleared swaps from their counterparties that are financial end users, registered swap dealers or major swap participants. These rules do not require collection of margin from non-financial-entity end users who qualify for the end user exception from the mandatory clearing requirement or from non-financial end users or certain other counterparties in certain instances. We qualify as a non-financial-entity end user with respect to the swaps that we enter into to hedge our commercial risks. 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC adopted additional anti-manipulation and anti-disruptive trading practices regulations that prohibit, among other things, manipulative, deceptive or fraudulent schemes or material misrepresentation in the futures, options, swaps and cash markets. In addition, separate from the Dodd-Frank Act, our use of futures and options on commodities is subject to the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC regulations, as well as the rules of futures exchanges on which any of these instruments are executed. Should we violate any of these laws and regulations, we could be subject to a CFTC or an exchange enforcement action and material penalties, possibly resulting in changes in the rates we can charge. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources. These environmental laws and regulations can affect the cost and output of operations and may impose substantial penalties for non-compliance and substantial liabilities for pollution, as further described in the risk factor Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions in Risks Relating to Regulations within Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many of these laws and regulations, such as those noted below, restrict or prohibit impacts to the environment or the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment and can lead to substantial administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties for non-compliance. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to the federal CAA and comparable state and local laws. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures over the next several years for air pollution control equipment in connection with maintaining or obtaining permits and approvals addressing air emission-related issues. We do not believe, however, that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by any such requirements. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of hazardous air pollutant HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 We are supportive of regulations reducing greenhouse gas GHG emissions over time. Since 2009, the EPA has promulgated and finalized multiple GHG emissions regulations related to reporting and reductions of GHG emissions from our facilities. The EPA has proposed additional new regulations to reduce methane emissions from both new and existing sources within the Crude Oil and Natural Gas source category that impact our assets and our supply chain. 
 
 From time to time, Congress has considered proposed legislation directed at reducing GHG emissions. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed H.R. 5376(P.L. 117-169), the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which includes a charge on methane emissions above a certain threshold for facilities that report their GHG emissions under the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting Program GHGRP Part 98 Subpart W regulations. The charge starts at 900 per metric ton of methane in 2024, 1,200 per metric ton in 2025, and increasing to 1,500 per metric ton in 2026 and beyond. At this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Coastal Zone Management Act CZMA 
 
 The siting and construction of the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal within the coastal zone is subject to the requirements of the CZMA. The CZMA is administered by the states (in Texas, by the General Land Office). This program is implemented to ensure that impacts to coastal areas are consistent with the intent of the CZMA to manage the coastal areas. 
 Clean Water Act 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to the federal CWA and analogous state and local laws. The CWA imposes strict controls on the discharge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States, including discharges of wastewater and storm water runoff and fill/discharges into waters of the United States. Permits must be obtained prior to discharging pollutants into state and federal waters. The CWA is administered by the EPA, the USACE and by the states (in Texas, by the TCEQ). The CWA regulatory programs, including the Section 404 dredge and fill permitting program and Section 401 water quality certification program carried out by the states, are frequently the subject of shifting agency interpretations and legal challenges, which at times can result in permitting delays. 
 
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA 
 
 The federal RCRA and comparable state statutes govern the generation, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and require corrective action for releases into the environment. When such wastes are generated in connection with the operations of our facilities, we are subject to regulatory requirements affecting the handling, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of such wastes. 
 Protection of Species, Habitats and Wetlands 
 
 Various federal and state statutes, such as the Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the CWA and the Oil Pollution Act, prohibit certain activities that may adversely affect endangered or threatened animal, fish and plant species and/or their designated habitats, wetlands, or other natural resources. If our Corpus Christi LNG Terminal or the Corpus Christi Pipeline adversely affects a protected species or its habitat, we may be required to develop and follow a plan to avoid those impacts. In that case, siting, construction or operation may be delayed or restricted and cause us to incur increased costs. 
 
 It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address protection of species, habitats and wetlands and impact our business. However, we do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our Liquefaction Project, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Market Factors and Competition 
 
 Market Factors 
 
 Our ability to enter into additional long-term SPAs to underpin the development of additional Trains, sale of LNG by Cheniere Marketing or development of new projects is subject to market factors. These factors include changes in worldwide supply and demand for natural gas, LNG and substitute products, the relative prices for natural gas, crude oil and substitute products in North America and international markets, the extent of energy security needs in the European Union and elsewhere, the rate of fuel switching for power generation from coal, nuclear or oil to natural gas and other overarching factors such as global economic growth and the pace of any transition from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources. In addition, our ability to obtain additional funding to execute our business strategy is subject to the investment community s appetite for investment in LNG and natural gas infrastructure and our ability to access capital markets. 
 
 We expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Market participants around the globe have shown commitments to environmental goals consistent with many policy initiatives that we believe are constructive for LNG demand and infrastructure growth. Currently, significant amounts of money are being invested across Europe, Asia and Latin America in natural gas projects under construction, and more continues to be earmarked to planned projects globally. In Europe, there are various plans to install more than 80 mtpa of import capacity over the near-term to secure access to LNG and displace Russian gas imports. In India, there are nearly 12,000 kilometers of gas pipelines under construction to expand the gas distribution network and increase access to natural gas. And in China, billions of U.S. dollars have already been invested and hundreds of billions of U.S. dollars are expected to be further invested all along the natural gas value chain to decrease harmful emissions. 
 
 As a result of these dynamics, we expect gas and LNG to continue to play an important role in satisfying energy demand going forward. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, Wood Mackenzie Limited WoodMac forecasts that global demand for LNG will increase by approximately 53 , from 388.5 mtpa, or 18.6 Tcf, in 2021, to 595.7 mtpa, or 28.6 Tcf, in 2030 and to 677.8 mtpa or 32.5 Tcf in 2040. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, WoodMac also forecasts LNG production from existing operational facilities and new facilities already under construction will be able to supply the market with approximately 537 mtpa in 2030, declining to 490 mtpa in 2040. This could result in a market need for construction of an additional approximately 59 mtpa of LNG production by 2030 and about 187 mtpa by 2040. As a cleaner burning fuel with lower emissions than coal or liquid fuels in power generation, we expect gas and LNG to play a central role in balancing grids and contributing to a low carbon energy system globally. We believe the capital and operating costs of the uncommitted capacity of our Liquefaction Project and Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project are competitive with new proposed projects globally and we are well-positioned to capture a portion of this incremental market need. 
 
 Our LNG terminal business has limited exposure to oil price movements as we have contracted a significant portion of our LNG production capacity under long-term sale and purchase agreements. These agreements contain fixed fees that are required to be paid even if the customers elect to cancel or suspend delivery of LNG cargoes. Through our SPAs and IPM agreements, we have contracted approximately 88 of the total anticipated production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 18 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022, which includes volumes contracted under SPAs in which the customers are required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes. 
 
 Competition 
 
 When CCL needs to replace any existing SPA or enter into new SPAs, CCL will compete on the basis of price per contracted volume of LNG with other natural gas liquefaction projects throughout the world, including our affiliate Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC SPL ), which operates six Trains at a natural gas liquefaction facility in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. Revenues associated with any incremental volumes of the Liquefaction Project, including those made available to Cheniere Marketing, will also be subject to market-based price competition. Many of the companies with which we compete are major energy corporations with longer operating histories, more development experience, greater name recognition, greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater access to LNG markets than us. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Our vision is to provide clean, secure and affordable energy to the world. This vision underpins our focus on responding to the world s shared energy challenges expanding the global supply of clean and affordable energy, improving air quality, reducing emissions and supporting the transition to a lower-carbon future. Our approach to corporate responsibility is guided by our Climate and Sustainability Principles: Transparency, Science, Supply Chain and Operational Excellence. In 2022, Cheniere published Acting Now, Securing Tomorrow , its third Corporate Responsibility CR report, which outlines Cheniere s focus on sustainability and its performance on key environmental, social and governance ESG metrics. Cheniere s CR report is available at www.cheniere.com/our-responsibility/reporting-center. Information on our website, including the CR report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Cheniere s climate strategy is to measure and mitigate emissions to better position our LNG supplies to remain competitive in a lower carbon future, providing energy, economic and environmental security to our customers across the world. To maximize the environmental benefits of our LNG, we believe it is important to develop future climate goals and strategies based on an accurate and holistic assessment of the emissions profile of our LNG, accounting for all steps in the supply chain. 
 
 Consequently, we are collaborating with natural gas midstream companies, methane detection technology providers and/or leading academic institutions on quantification, monitoring, reporting and verification QMRV of GHG research and development projects, co-founding and sponsoring multidisciplinary research and education initiatives led by the University of Texas at Austin in collaboration with Colorado State University and the Colorado School of Mines. 
 
 Cheniere also joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership OGMP 2.0, the United Nations Environment Programme s UNEP flagship oil and gas methane emissions reporting and mitigation initiative in October 2022. 
 
 Our total expenditures related to the climate initiatives, including capital expenditures, were not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. However, as the transition to a lower-carbon economy continues to evolve, as described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect the scope and extent of our future initiatives to evolve accordingly. While we have not incurred material direct capital expenditures related to climate change, we aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner and are proactive in our management of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities. We face certain business and operational risks associated with physical impacts from climate change, such as potential increases in severe weather events or changes in weather patterns, in addition to transition risks. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion. 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Our assets are generally held by our subsidiaries. We conduct most of our business through these subsidiaries, including the operation of our Liquefaction Project. 

Employees 
 
 We have no employees. We have contracts with Cheniere and its subsidiaries for operations, maintenance and management services. As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 337 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project. See Note 1 3 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the services agreements pursuant to which general and administrative services are provided to CCL and CCP. 

Available Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 700 Milam Street, Suite 1900, Houston, Texas 77002, and our telephone number is (713) 375-5000. Our internet address is www.cheniere.com. We provide public access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC under the Exchange Act. These reports may be accessed free of charge through our internet website. We make our website content 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 available for informational purposes only. The website should not be relied upon for investment purposes and is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports and other information regarding issuers. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following are some of the important factors that could affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or expectations contained in our forward-looking statements. We may encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 The risk factors in this report are grouped into the following categories: 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters ; 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry ; and 
 Risks Relating to Regulations . 

Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters 
 
 Our existing level of cash resources and significant debt could cause us to have inadequate liquidity and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no cash and cash equivalents, 738 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, 4.6 billion of available commitments under our credit facilities and 7.3 billion of total debt outstanding on a consolidated basis (before unamortized discount and debt issuance costs). We incur, and will incur, significant interest expense relating to financing the assets at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, and we anticipate incurring additional debt to finance the construction of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. Our ability to fund our capital expenditures and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to access additional project financing as well as the debt and equity capital markets. A variety of factors beyond our control could impact the availability or cost of capital, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations and the repricing of market risks and volatility in capital and financial markets. Our financing costs could increase or future borrowings or equity offerings may be unavailable to us or unsuccessful, which could cause us to be unable to pay or refinance our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We also rely on borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our capital expenditures. If any of the lenders in the syndicates backing our credit facilities was unable to perform on its commitments, we may need to seek replacement financing, which may not be available as needed, or may be available in more limited amounts or on more expensive or otherwise unfavorable terms. 
 
 Our ability to generate cash is substantially dependent upon the performance by customers under long-term contracts that we have entered into, and we could be materially and adversely affected if any significant customer fails to perform its contractual obligations for any reason. 
 
 Our future results and liquidity are substantially dependent upon performance by our customers to make payments under long-term contracts. As of December 31, 2022, we had SPAs with a total of fifteen different third party customers. While substantially all of our long-term third party customer arrangements are executed with a creditworthy parent company or secured by a parent company guarantee or other form of collateral, we are nonetheless exposed to credit risk in the event of a customer default that requires us to seek recourse. 
 
 Additionally, our long-term SPAs entitle the customer to terminate their contractual obligations upon the occurrence of certain events which include, but are not limited to: (1) if we fail to make available specified scheduled cargo quantities; (2) delays in the commencement of commercial operations; and (3) under the majority of our SPAs upon the occurrence of certain events of force majeure. 
 
 Although we have not had a history of material customer default or termination events, the occurrence of such events are largely outside of our control and may expose us to unrecoverable losses. We may not be able to replace these customer 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 arrangements on desirable terms, or at all, if they are terminated. As a result, our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our efforts to manage commodity and financial risks through derivative instruments, including our IPM agreements, could adversely affect our earnings reported under GAAP and affect our liquidity. 
 
 We use derivative instruments to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. The extent of our derivative position at any given time depends on our assessments of the markets for these commodities and related exposures. We currently account for our derivatives at fair value, with immediate recognition of changes in the fair value in earnings, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Such valuations are primarily valued based on estimated forward commodity prices and are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. As described in Results of Operations in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes 4.9 billion and 4.2 billion, respectively, of losses resulting from changes in the fair values of our derivatives, of which substantially all of such losses were related to commodity derivative instruments indexed to international LNG prices, mainly our IPM agreements. 
 
 These transactions and other derivative transactions have and may continue to result in substantial volatility in results of operations reported under GAAP, particularly in periods of significant commodity, currency or financial market variability. For certain of these instruments, in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments involves management s judgment or use of estimates. Changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 
 In addition, our liquidity may be adversely impacted by the cash margin requirements of the commodities exchanges or the failure of a counterparty to perform in accordance with a contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had collateral posted with counterparties by us of 76 million and 13 million, respectively, which are included in margin deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry 
 
 Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. 
 
 Weather events such as major hurricanes and winter storms have caused interruptions or temporary suspension in construction or operations at our facilities or caused minor damage to our Liquefaction Project. In August 2020, we entered into an arrangement with our affiliate to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers from the other facility in the event operational conditions impact operations at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal or at our affiliate s terminal. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, four TBtu and 17 TBtu, respectively, were loaded at our facilities for our affiliate pursuant to this agreement. Our risk of loss related to weather events or other disasters is limited by contractual provisions in our SPAs, which can provide under certain circumstances relief from operational events, and partially mitigated by insurance we maintain. Aggregate direct and indirect losses associated with the aforementioned weather events, net of insurance reimbursements, have not historically been material to our Consolidated Financial Statements, and we believe our insurance coverages maintained, existence of certain protective clauses within our SPAs and other risk management strategies mitigate our exposure to material losses. However, future adverse weather events and collateral effects or other disasters such as explosions, fires, floods or severe droughts, could cause damage to, or interruption of operations at our terminal or related infrastructure, which could impact our operating results, increase insurance premiums or deductibles paid and delay or increase costs associated with the construction and development of the Liquefaction Project or our other facilities. Our LNG terminal infrastructure and LNG facility located in or near Corpus Christi, Texas are designed in accordance with requirements of 49 Code of Federal Regulations Part 193, Liquefied Natural Gas Facilities: Federal Safety Standards , and all applicable industry codes and standards. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our pipeline and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We depend upon third party pipelines and other facilities that provide gas delivery options to our Liquefaction Project. If the construction of new or modified pipeline connections is not completed on schedule or any pipeline connection were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity, failure to replace contracted firm pipeline transportation capacity on economic terms, or any other reason, our ability to receive natural gas volumes to produce LNG or to continue shipping natural gas from producing regions or to end markets could be adversely impacted. Such disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas may also be caused by weather events or other disasters described in the risk factor Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. While certain contractual provisions in our SPAs can limit the potential impact of disruptions, and historical indirect losses incurred by us as a result of disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas have not been material, any significant disruption to our natural gas supply where we may not be protected could result in a substantial reduction in our revenues under our long-term SPAs or other customer arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient natural gas to satisfy our delivery obligations under the SPAs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Under the SPAs with our customers, we are required to make available to them a specified amount of LNG at specified times. The supply of natural gas to our Liquefaction Project to meet our LNG production requirements timely and at sufficient quantities is critical to our operations and the fulfillment of our customer contracts. However, we may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of natural gas as a result of various factors, including non-delivery or untimely delivery by our suppliers, depletion of natural gas reserves within regional basins and disruptions to pipeline operations as described in the risk factor Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our pipelines and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Our risk is in part mitigated by the diversification of our natural gas supply and transport across suppliers and pipelines, and regionally across basins, and additionally, we have provisions within our supplier contracts that provide certain protections against non-performance. Further, provisions within our SPAs provide certain protection against force majeure events. While historically we have not incurred significant or prolonged disruptions to our natural gas supply that have resulted in a material adverse impact to our operations, due to the criticality of natural gas supply to our production of LNG, our failure to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient quantities of natural gas under circumstances where we may not be protected could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our ability to complete development and/or construction of additional Trains will be contingent on our ability to obtain additional funding. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, we may be unable to fully execute our business strategy. 
 
 We continuously pursue liquefaction expansion opportunities and other projects along the LNG value chain. The commercial development of an LNG facility takes a number of years and requires a substantial capital investment that is dependent on sufficient funding and commercial interest, among other factors. 
 
 We will require significant additional funding to be able to commence construction of any additional Trains, or any additional expansion projects, which we may not be able to obtain at a cost that results in positive economics, or at all. The inability to achieve acceptable funding may cause a delay in the development or construction of any additional Trains or any additional expansion projects, and we may not be able to complete our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Cost overruns and delays in the completion of our expansion projects, including the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, as well as difficulties in obtaining sufficient financing to pay for such costs and delays, could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our investment decision on the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and any potential future expansion of LNG facilities relies on cost estimates developed initially through front end engineering and design studies. However, due to the size and duration of construction of an LNG facility, the actual construction costs may be significantly higher than our current estimates as a result of many factors, including but not limited to changes in scope, the ability of Bechtel and our other contractors to execute 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 successfully under their agreements, changes in commodity prices (particularly nickel and steel), escalating labor costs and the potential need for additional funds to be expended to maintain construction schedules or comply with existing or future environmental or other regulations. As construction progresses, we may decide or be forced to submit change orders to our contractor that could result in longer construction periods, higher construction costs or both, including change orders to comply with existing or future environmental or other regulations. Additionally, our SPAs generally provide that the customer may terminate that SPA if the relevant Train does not timely commence commercial operations. As a result, any significant construction delay, whatever the cause, could have a material adverse impact on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Significant increases in the cost of a liquefaction project beyond the amounts that we estimate could impact the commercial viability of the project as well as require us to obtain additional sources of financing to fund our operations until the applicable liquefaction project is fully constructed (which could cause further delays), thereby negatively impacting our business and limiting our growth prospects. While historically we have not experienced cost overruns or construction delays that have had a significant adverse impact on our operations, factors giving rise to such events in the future may be outside of our control and could have a material adverse effect on our current or future business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We are subject to significant construction and operating hazards and uninsured risks, one or more of which may create significant liabilities and losses for us. 
 
 The construction and operation of the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal and the operation of the Corpus Christi Pipeline are, and will be, subject to the inherent risks associated with these types of operations as discussed throughout our risk factors, including explosions, breakdowns or failures of equipment, operational errors by vessel or tug operators, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, hurricanes and adverse weather conditions and other hazards, each of which could result in significant delays in commencement or interruptions of operations and/or in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons and property. In addition, our operations and the facilities and vessels of third parties on which our operations are dependent face possible risks associated with acts of aggression or terrorism. 
 
 We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance against all of these risks and losses. We may not be able to maintain desired or required insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable. Although losses incurred as a result of self insured risk have not been material historically, the occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We are dependent on our EPC partners and other contractors for the successful completion of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and any potential expansion projects. 
 
 Timely and cost-effective completion of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and any potential expansion projects in compliance with agreed specifications is central to our business strategy and is highly dependent on the performance of our EPC partners, including Bechtel, and our other contractors under their agreements. The ability of our EPC partners and our other contractors to perform successfully under their agreements is dependent on a number of factors, including their ability to: 
 design and engineer each Train to operate in accordance with specifications; 
 engage and retain third party subcontractors and procure equipment and supplies; 
 respond to difficulties such as equipment failure, delivery delays, schedule changes and failure to perform by subcontractors, some of which are beyond their control; 
 attract, develop and retain skilled personnel, including engineers; 
 post required construction bonds and comply with the terms thereof; 
 manage the construction process generally, including coordinating with other contractors and regulatory agencies; and 
 maintain their own financial condition, including adequate working capital. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Although some agreements may provide for liquidated damages if the contractor fails to perform in the manner required with respect to certain of its obligations, the events that trigger a requirement to pay liquidated damages may delay or impair the operation of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and any potential expansion projects, and any liquidated damages that we receive may not be sufficient to cover the damages that we suffer as a result of any such delay or impairment. The obligations of EPC partners and our other contractors to pay liquidated damages under their agreements are subject to caps on liability, as set forth therein. 
 Furthermore, we may have disagreements with our contractors about different elements of the construction process, which could lead to the assertion of rights and remedies under their contracts and increase the cost of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and any potential expansion projects, or result in a contractor s unwillingness to perform further work. If any contractor is unable or unwilling to perform according to the negotiated terms and timetable of its respective agreement for any reason or terminates its agreement, we would be required to engage a substitute contractor. This would likely result in significant project delays and increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas may adversely affect our LNG business and the performance of our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our LNG business and the development of domestic LNG facilities and projects generally is based on assumptions about the future availability and price of natural gas and LNG and the prospects for international natural gas and LNG markets. Natural gas and LNG prices have been, and are likely to continue to be, volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to one or more of the following factors: 
 competitive liquefaction capacity in North America; 
 insufficient or oversupply of natural gas liquefaction or receiving capacity worldwide; 
 insufficient LNG tanker capacity; 
 weather conditions, including temperature volatility resulting from climate change, and extreme weather events may lead to unexpected distortion in the balance of international LNG supply and demand; 
 reduced demand and lower prices for natural gas; 
 increased natural gas production deliverable by pipelines, which could suppress demand for LNG; 
 decreased oil and natural gas exploration activities which may decrease the production of natural gas, including as a result of any potential ban on production of natural gas through hydraulic fracturing; 
 cost improvements that allow competitors to provide natural gas liquefaction capabilities at reduced prices; 
 changes in supplies of, and prices for, alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for natural gas; 
 changes in regulatory, tax or other governmental policies regarding imported or exported LNG, natural gas or alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for imported or exported LNG and/or natural gas; 
 political conditions in customer regions; 
 sudden decreases in demand for LNG as a result of natural disasters or public health crises, including the occurrence of a pandemic, and other catastrophic events; 
 adverse relative demand for LNG compared to other markets, which may decrease LNG imports into or exports from North America; and 
 cyclical trends in general business and economic conditions that cause changes in the demand for natural gas. 
 
 Adverse trends or developments affecting any of these factors could result in decreases in the price of LNG and/or natural gas, which could materially and adversely affect the performance of our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Failure of exported LNG to be a long-term competitive source of energy for international markets could adversely affect our customers and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Operations of the Liquefaction Project are dependent upon the ability of our SPA customers to deliver LNG supplies from the United States, which is primarily dependent upon LNG being a competitive source of energy internationally. The success of our business plan is dependent, in part, on the extent to which LNG can, for significant periods and in significant volumes, be supplied from North America and delivered to international markets at a lower cost than the cost of alternative energy sources. Through the use of improved exploration technologies, additional sources of natural gas may be discovered outside the United States, which could increase the available supply of natural gas outside the United States and could result in natural gas in those markets being available at a lower cost than LNG exported to those markets. 
 
 Political instability in foreign countries that import or export natural gas, or strained relations between such countries and the United States, may also impede the willingness or ability of LNG purchasers or suppliers and merchants in such countries to import or export LNG from or to the United States. Furthermore, some foreign purchasers or suppliers of LNG may have economic or other reasons to obtain their LNG from, or direct their LNG to, non-U.S. markets or from or to our competitors liquefaction or regasification facilities in the United States. 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , it is expected that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to alternative fossil fuel energy sources such as oil and coal. However, as a result of transitions globally from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources, LNG may face increased competition from alternative, cleaner sources of energy as such alternative sources emerge. Additionally, LNG from the Liquefaction Project also competes with other sources of LNG, including LNG that is priced to indices other than Henry Hub. Some of these sources of energy may be available at a lower cost than LNG from the Liquefaction Project in certain markets. The cost of LNG supplies from the United States, including the Liquefaction Project, may also be impacted by an increase in natural gas prices in the United States. 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we have contracted through our SPAs and IPM agreements approximately 88 of the total anticipated production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 18 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. However, as a result of the factors described above and other factors, the LNG we produce may not remain a long term competitive source of energy in the United States or internationally, particularly when our existing long term contracts begin to expire. Any significant impediment to the ability to continue to secure long term commercial contracts or deliver LNG from the United States could have a material adverse effect on our customers and on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We face competition based upon the international market price for LNG. 
 
 Our Liquefaction Project is subject to the risk of LNG price competition at times when we need to replace any existing SPA, whether due to natural expiration, default or otherwise, or enter into new SPAs. Factors relating to competition may prevent us from entering into a new or replacement SPA on economically comparable terms as existing SPAs, or at all. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Factors which may negatively affect potential demand for LNG from our Liquefaction Project are diverse and include, among others: 
 increases in worldwide LNG production capacity and availability of LNG for market supply; 
 increases in demand for LNG but at levels below those required to maintain current price equilibrium with respect to supply; 
 increases in the cost to supply natural gas feedstock to our Liquefaction Project; 
 decreases in the cost of competing sources of natural gas or alternate fuels such as coal, heavy fuel oil and diesel; 
 decreases in the price of non-U.S. LNG, including decreases in price as a result of contracts indexed to lower oil prices; 
 increases in capacity and utilization of nuclear power and related facilities; and 
 displacement of LNG by pipeline natural gas or alternate fuels in locations where access to these energy sources is not currently available. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 A cyber attack involving our business, operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third party pipelines which supply the Liquefaction Facilities, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 The pipeline and LNG industries are increasingly dependent on business and operational control technologies to conduct daily operations. We rely on control systems, technologies and networks to run our business and to control and manage our pipeline, liquefaction and shipping operations. Cyber attacks on businesses have escalated in recent years, including as a result of geopolitical tensions, and use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems and other public networks exposes our business and that of other third parties with whom we do business to potential cyber attacks, including third party pipelines which supply natural gas to our Liquefaction Facilities. For example, in 2021 Colonial Pipeline suffered a ransomware attack that led to the complete shutdown of its pipeline system for six days. Should multiple of the third party pipelines which supply our Liquefaction Facilities suffer similar concurrent attacks, the Liquefaction Facilities may not be able to obtain sufficient natural gas to operate at full capacity, or at all. A cyber attack involving our business or operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third party pipelines with which we do business, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 Outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, at our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our facilities at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal are critical infrastructure and continued to operate during the COVID-19 pandemic through our implementation of workplace controls and pandemic risk reduction measures. While the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Delta and Omicron variants, has had no adverse impact on our on-going operations, the risk of future variants is unknown. While we believe we can continue to mitigate any significant adverse impact to our employees and operations at our critical facilities related to the virus in its current form, the outbreak of a more potent variant or another infectious disease in the future at one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We are entirely dependent on Cheniere, including employees of Cheniere and its subsidiaries, for key personnel, and the unavailability of skilled workers or Cheniere s failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect us. In addition, changes in our senior management or other key personnel could affect our business results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 337 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project. We have contracted with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the personnel necessary for the construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project. We depend on Cheniere s subsidiaries hiring and retaining personnel sufficient to provide support for the Liquefaction Project. Cheniere competes with other liquefaction projects in the United States and globally, other energy companies and other employers to attract and retain qualified personnel with the technical skills and experience required to construct and operate our facilities and pipelines and to provide our customers with the highest quality service. We also compete with any other project Cheniere is developing, including the liquefaction facility operated by SPL (the SPL Project ), for the time and expertise of Cheniere s personnel. Further, we and Cheniere face competition for these highly skilled employees in the immediate vicinity of the Liquefaction Project and more generally from the Gulf Coast hydrocarbon processing and construction industries. 
 
 Our executive officers are officers and employees of Cheniere and its affiliates. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any personnel, and we do not have any employment contracts or other agreements with key personnel binding them to provide services for any particular term. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our future success will depend in part on our ability to engage, and Cheniere s ability to attract and retain, additional qualified personnel. 
 
 A shortage in the labor pool of skilled workers, remoteness of our site locations or other general inflationary pressures, changes in applicable laws and regulations or labor disputes could make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and could require an increase in the wage and benefits packages that are offered, thereby increasing our operating costs. Any increase in our operating costs could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We have numerous contractual and commercial relationships, and conflicts of interest, with Cheniere and its affiliates, including Cheniere Marketing. 
 
 We have agreements to compensate and to reimburse expenses of affiliates of Cheniere. These agreements involve conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Cheniere and its other affiliates, on the other hand. In addition, Cheniere is currently operating the SPL Project in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, and is developing related facilities and a second natural gas pipeline at a site adjacent to the Liquefaction Project, and may continue to enter in commercial arrangements with respect to any future expansion of the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 We have or will have numerous contracts and commercial arrangements with Cheniere and its affiliates, including future SPAs, transportation, interconnection, marketing and gas balancing arrangements with one or more Cheniere-affiliated entities as well as other agreements and arrangements that cannot now be anticipated. In those circumstances where additional contracts with Cheniere and its affiliates may be necessary or desirable, additional conflicts of interest will be involved. 
 
 We are dependent on Cheniere and its affiliates to provide services to us. If Cheniere or its affiliates are unable or unwilling to perform according to the negotiated terms and timetable of their respective agreement for any reason or terminate their agreement, we would be required to engage a substitute service provider. This could result in a significant interference with operations and increased costs. 

Risks Relating to Regulations 
 
 Failure to obtain and maintain approvals and permits from governmental and regulatory agencies with respect to the design, construction and operation of our facilities, the development and operation of our pipeline and the export of LNG could impede operations and construction and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The design, construction and operation of interstate natural gas pipelines, our LNG terminal, including the Liquefaction Project and other facilities, as well as the import and export of LNG and the purchase and transportation of natural gas, are highly regulated activities. Approvals of the FERC and DOE under Section 3 and Section 7 of the NGA, as well as several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits, including several under the CAA and the CWA, are required in order to construct and operate an LNG facility and an interstate natural gas pipeline and export LNG. 
 
 To date, the FERC has issued orders under Section 3 of the NGA authorizing the siting, construction and operation of the three Trains and related facilities of the Liquefaction Project and the seven midscale trains and related facilities for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, as well as orders under Section 7 of the NGA authorizing the construction and operation of the Corpus Christi Pipeline and the pipeline for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. In September 2022, CCL and another subsidiary of Cheniere entered the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for Midscale Trains 8 and 9. To date, the DOE has also issued orders under Section 4 of the NGA authorizing CCL to export domestically produced LNG. Additionally, we hold certificates under Section 7(c) of the NGA that grant us land use rights relating to the situation of our pipeline on land owned by third parties. If we were to lose these rights or be required to relocate our pipeline, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Authorizations obtained from the FERC, DOE and other federal and state regulatory agencies contain ongoing conditions that we must comply with. We are currently in compliance with such conditions; however, failure to comply or our inability to obtain and maintain existing or newly imposed approvals and permits, filings, which may arise due to factors outside of our control such as a U.S. government disruption or shutdown, political opposition or local community resistance to the siting of LNG facilities due to safety, environmental or security concerns, could impede the operation and construction of our infrastructure. In addition, certain of these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations are or may be subject to rehearing requests, appeals and other challenges. There is no assurance that we will obtain and maintain these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations, or that we will be able to obtain them on a timely basis. Any impediment could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our Corpus Christi Pipeline and its FERC gas tariff are subject to FERC regulation. If we fail to comply with such regulation, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 The Corpus Christi Pipeline is subject to regulation by the FERC under the NGA and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (the NGPA ). The FERC regulates the purchase and transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, including the 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 construction and operation of pipelines, the rates, terms and conditions of service and abandonment of facilities. Under the NGA, the rates charged by our Corpus Christi Pipeline must be just and reasonable, and we are prohibited from unduly preferring or unreasonably discriminating against any potential shipper with respect to pipeline rates or terms and conditions of service. If we fail to comply with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations and orders, our Corpus Christi Pipeline could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. 
 
 In addition, as a natural gas market participant, should we fail to comply with all applicable FERC-administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines. Under the EPAct, the FERC has civil penalty authority under the NGA and the NGPA to impose penalties for current violations of up to 1.4 million per day for each violation. 
 
 Although the FERC has not imposed fines or penalties on us to date, we are exposed to substantial penalties and fines if we fail to comply with such regulations. 
 
 Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions. 
 
 Our business is and will be subject to extensive federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to our construction and operation activities relating to, among other things, air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Many of these laws and regulations, such as the CAA, the Oil Pollution Act, the CWA and the RCRA, and analogous state laws and regulations, restrict or prohibit the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment in connection with the construction and operation of our facilities, and require us to maintain permits and provide governmental authorities with access to our facilities for inspection and reports related to our compliance. In addition, certain laws and regulations authorize regulators having jurisdiction over the construction and operation of our LNG terminal, docks and pipeline, including FERC, PHMSA, EPA and the United States Coast Guard, to issue regulatory enforcement actions, which may restrict or limit operations or increase compliance or operating costs. Violation of these laws and regulations could lead to substantial liabilities, compliance orders, fines and penalties, difficulty obtaining and maintaining permits from regulatory agencies or to capital expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Federal and state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the lawfulness of the original conduct, for the release of certain types or quantities of hazardous substances into the environment. As the owner and operator of our facilities, we could be liable for the costs of cleaning up hazardous substances released into the environment at or from our facilities and for resulting damage to natural resources. 
 
 The EPA has finalized or proposed multiple GHG regulations that impact our assets and supply chain. Further, the IRA includes a charge on methane emissions above certain emissions thresholds employing empirical emissions data that will apply to our facilities beginning in calendar year 2024. In addition, other international, federal and state initiatives may be considered in the future to address GHG emissions through treaty commitments, direct regulation, market-based regulations such as a GHG emissions tax or cap-and-trade programs or clean energy or performance-based standards. Such initiatives could affect the demand for or cost of natural gas, which we consume at our terminals, or could increase compliance costs for our operations. 
 
 Revised, reinterpreted or additional guidance, laws and regulations at local, state, federal or international levels that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address GHG emissions and impact our business. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 Other future legislation and regulations, such as those relating to the transportation and security of LNG imported to or exported from the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal or climate policies of destination countries in relation to their obligations under the Paris Agreement or other national climate change-related policies, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and delays in our business and to our proposed construction activities, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require us to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. 
 
 Total expenditures related to environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations, including capital expenditures, were immaterial to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revised, reinterpreted or additional laws and regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Pipeline safety and compliance programs and repairs may impose significant costs and liabilities on us. 
 
 The PHMSA requires pipeline operators to develop management programs to safely operate and maintain their pipelines and to comprehensively evaluate certain areas along their pipelines and take additional measures where necessary to protect pipeline segments located in high or moderate consequence areas where a leak or rupture could potentially do the most harm. As an operator, we are required to: 
 perform ongoing assessments of pipeline safety and compliance; 
 identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area; 
 improve data collection, integration and analysis; 
 repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and 
 implement preventative and mitigating actions. 
 
 We are required to utilize pipeline integrity management programs that are intended to maintain pipeline integrity. Any repair, remediation, preventative or mitigating actions may require significant capital and operating expenditures. Although no fines or penalties have been imposed on us to date, should we fail to comply with applicable statutes and the Office of Pipeline Safety s rules and related regulations and orders, we could be subject to significant penalties and fines, which for certain violations can aggregate up to as high as 2.6 million. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We may in the future be involved as a party to various legal proceedings, which are incidental to the ordinary course of business. We regularly analyze current information and, as necessary, provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED MEMBER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents management s view of our business, financial condition and overall performance and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. This information is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our past performance, current financial condition and outlook for the future. Discussion of 2020 items and variance drivers between the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020 are not included herein and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Our discussion and analysis includes the following subjects: 
 Overview 
 Overview of Significant Events 
 Market Environment 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Standards 

Overview 
 
 We are a limited liability company formed by Cheniere Energy, Inc. Cheniere to provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We own the natural gas liquefaction and export facility located near Corpus Christi, Texas (the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal with three operational Trains. Additionally, we are constructing an expansion of the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal (the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project for up to seven midscale Trains. We also own a pipeline that interconnects the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal with number of large interstate and intrastate pipelines (the Corpus Christi Pipeline and together with the existing operational Trains and the midscale Trains, the Liquefaction Project ). For further discussion of our business, see Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties . 
 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We contract our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreements, we have contracted approximately 88 of the total anticipated production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 18 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. We believe that continued global demand for natural gas and LNG, as further described in Market Factors and Competition in Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties, will provide a foundation for additional growth in our business in the future. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Overview of Significant Events 
 
 Our significant events since January 1, 2022 and through the filing date of this Form 10-K include the following: 
 Strategic 
 
 In November 2022, CCL and Cheniere Marketing entered into an SPA for approximately 0.85 mtpa of LNG associated with the IPM agreement between CCL and Apache Corporation and an SPA for approximately 2.55 mtpa of LNG associated with the IPM agreement between CCL and EOG Resources, Inc. 
 In November 2022, CCL and Cheniere Marketing entered into Shipping Services Agreements for the provision of certain shipping and transportation-related services associated with (1) the SPA between CCL and Foran Energy Group Co. Ltd. and (2) the SPA between Cheniere Marketing and CPC Corporation, Taiwan, which will be novated from Cheniere Marketing to CCL following substantial completion of Train 6 of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. 
 In September 2022, CCL and another subsidiary of Cheniere entered the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for an expansion adjacent to the CCL Project consisting of two midscale Trains with an expected total production capacity of approximately 3 mtpa of LNG Midscale Trains 8 and 9 ). 
 In July 2022, CCL entered into a long-term LNG SPA with PTT Global LNG Company Limited PTTGL ), under which PTTGL has agreed to purchase 20 million tonnes of LNG from CCL for twenty years beginning in 2026. The SPA calls for a combination of FOB and DAT deliveries. The purchase price for LNG under the SPA is indexed to the Henry Hub price, plus a fixed liquefaction fee. 
 In March 2022, CCL amended its existing long-term SPA with Engie SA Engie ), increasing the volume Engie has agreed to purchase from CCL to approximately 11 million tonnes of LNG on an FOB basis, and extending the term to approximately 20 years, which began in September 2021. 
 On June 15, 2022, Cheniere s Board made a positive FID with respect to the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and issued a full notice to proceed with construction to Bechtel under the EPC contract to commence construction of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project effective June 16, 2022. In connection with the positive FID, CCL Stage III was contributed to us and subsequently merged with and into CCL, with CCL the surviving company of the merger and our wholly owned subsidiary. Notable contracts received by CCL in connection with the merger included the following: 
 IPM agreements held by CCL Stage III with ARC Resources U.S. Corp ARC U.S. ), EOG Resources, Inc. and Apache Corporation, each with terms of approximately 15 years, aggregating approximately 65 million tonnes, approximately 40 million tonnes of which commences with commercial operations of certain Trains of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project (the Transferred IPM Agreements 
 SPAs held by Cheniere Marketing International LLP Cheniere Marketing ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Cheniere, or its subsidiaries, with Foran Energy Group, Ltd, CPC Corporation, Sinochem Group Co. Ltd. and PKN ORLEN S.A. PKN ORLEN , the surviving entity after the merger with Polskie Gornictwo Naftowe I Gazownictwo S.A. PGNiG )), for which CCL entered into a newly executed agreement between CCL and PKN ORLEN taking the place of a portion of the term of the existing agreement between PKN ORLEN and Cheniere Marketing, aggregating approximately 105 million tonnes of LNG to be delivered through 2046; and 
 the aforementioned EPC contract with Bechtel for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project for a contract price of approximately 5.5 billion, subject to adjustment only by change order. 
 In June 2022, CCL and Cheniere Marketing entered into an SPA for a term of 15 years for approximately 44 TBtu per annum of LNG associated with the IPM agreement between CCL and ARC U.S. referenced above. 
 
 Operational 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, over 660 cumulative LNG cargoes totaling approximately 45 million tonnes of LNG have been produced, loaded and exported from the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Financial 
 
 In December 2022, Cheniere repurchased 752 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 7.000 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (the 2024 CCH Senior Notes pursuant to a tender offer, with cash on hand. In January 2023, the remaining outstanding principal amount of 498 million of the 2024 CCH Senior Notes was redeemed with cash on hand. 
 In June 2022, CCH amended and restated its term loan credit facility (the CCH Credit Facility and its working capital facility (the CCH Working Capital Facility to, among other things, (1) increase the commitments to approximately 4.0 billion and 1.5 billion for the CCH Credit Facility and the CCH Working Capital Facility, respectively, which are intended to fund a portion of the cost of developing, constructing and operating the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, (2) extend the maturity of the CCH Credit Facility to the earlier of June 15, 2029 or two years after the substantial completion of the last Train of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and extend the maturity of the CCH Working Capital Facility to June 15, 2027, (3) update the indexed interest rate to SOFR and (4) make certain other changes to the terms and conditions of each existing facility. 

Market Environment 
 
 The LNG market in 2022 saw unprecedented price volatility across all natural gas and LNG benchmarks. Gas market fundamentals across the globe were tight and exacerbated by the Russia / Ukraine war risks, and later by the drastic reduction in Russian natural gas flows to the European Union EU ). Concerns over low natural gas and LNG inventories and low additional LNG supply availability early in the year were intensified by the war dynamics in Europe and by further constraints on natural gas and LNG supplies caused by the outage at the Freeport LNG facility in June and the explosion on the Nordstream 1 and Nordstream 2 Pipelines in September. Several EU policy initiatives were passed to ensure underground gas storage in the region was filled before winter. Europe had to compete for LNG cargoes resulting in unprecedented price spikes. These conditions were worsened by high coal prices, low nuclear generation output and low hydro levels in Europe, which limited optionality for power generators and deepened the energy crisis in Europe. 
 
 Despite the generally tight supply conditions, according to Kpler, global LNG demand grew by approximately 5 from 2021, adding an additional 19.5 million tonnes to the overall market. LNG imports into Europe and Turkey, increased by 45.9 million tonnes, or 61 year-over-year in 2022. This growth was primarily accompanied by a pronounced slowdown in economic activity in China, which contributed to a 7 decrease in Asia s LNG demand of 19.1 million tonnes from 2021. These sizeable EU LNG requirements resulting from the war fallout and the increase in global demand, especially demand for increased imports to Europe and Turkey, exposed the vulnerability of the LNG industry in terms of supply constraints and under-investments. This was manifested in the price levels and the magnitude of the price spreads between the benchmarks. As an example, the Dutch Title Transfer Facility TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 40.9/MMBtu in 2022, approximately 184 higher than the 14.4/MMBtu average in 2021, and the TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 42.3/MMBtu in the fourth quarter of 2022, approximately 46 higher than the 28.9/MMBtu average in the fourth quarter of 2021. Similarly, the 2022 average settlement price for the Platts Japan Korea Marker JKM increased 128 year-over-year to an average of 34.2/MMBtu in 2022, and the fourth quarter of 2022 average settlement price for the JKM increased 38 year-over-year to an average of 38.5/MMBtu. This extreme price increase triggered a strong supply response from the U.S., which played a significant role in balancing the global LNG market. Despite the outage at Freeport LNG, the U.S. exported approximately 77 million tonnes of LNG in 2022, a gain of approximately 9 from 2021, as the market continued to pull on supplies from our facilities and those of our competitors. Exports from our Liquefaction Project reached 14.9 million tonnes, representing over 10 of the gain in the U.S. total for the year. 
 
 Despite the global impacts of the Russia / Ukraine war, we do not believe we have significant exposure to adverse direct or indirect impacts of the war, as we do not conduct business in Russia and refrain from business dealings with Russian entities. Additionally, we are not aware of any specific adverse direct or indirect effects of the war on our supply chain. Consequently, we believe we are well positioned to help meet the needs of our international LNG customers to overcome their supply shortages. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues LNG revenues 6,336 3,907 2,429 LNG revenues affiliate 3,027 1,887 1,140 Total revenues 9,363 5,794 3,569 Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) 9,656 4,326 5,330 Cost of sales affiliate 103 50 53 Cost of sales related party 146 (146) Operating and maintenance expense 458 423 35 Operating and maintenance expense affiliate 121 106 15 Operating and maintenance expense related party 9 9 General and administrative expense 8 7 1 General and administrative expense affiliate 38 28 10 Depreciation and amortization expense 445 420 25 Other 6 2 4 Total operating costs and expenses 10,844 5,517 5,327 Income (loss) from operations (1,481) 277 (1,758) Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest (432) (447) 15 Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt (37) (9) (28) Interest rate derivative gain (loss), net 2 (1) 3 Other income, net 6 6 Total other expense (461) (457) (4) Net loss (1,942) (180) (1,762) 
 
 Operational volumes loaded and recognized from the Liquefaction Project 
 Year Ended December 31, (in TBtu) 2022 2021 Volumes loaded during the current period 775 734 Less: volumes loaded during the current period and in transit at the end of the period (3) Total volumes recognized in the current period 772 734 
 
 Net loss 
 
 The unfavorable variance of 1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021 was substantially all attributable to increased derivative losses from changes in fair value and settlements of 2.0 billion between the years, of which 1.2 billion related to our IPM agreements which we procure natural gas at a price indexed to international gas prices. Included in the derivative loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 was a loss incurred of 2.1 billion associated with, and following the Contribution of, the Transferred IPM Agreements on June 15, 2022, primarily attributable to CCL s lower credit risk profile relative to that of CCL Stage III, resulting in a higher derivative liability given reduced risk of CCL s own nonperformance. 
 
 Partially offsetting the increased net loss during the periods was an increase in LNG revenues, net of cost of sales and excluding the effect of derivative losses, of 347 million, of which approximately 70 was attributable to higher margins on sales indexed to Henry Hub, with variable consideration on our long-term SPAs generally priced at 115 of Henry Hub, and approximately 30 was attributable to increased volume delivered between the comparable periods, in part due to the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 substantial completion and commencement of operations of Train 3 of the Liquefaction Project, which achieved substantial completion on March 26, 2021 (the Train 3 Completion ). 
 
 The following is additional detailed discussion of the significant variance drivers of the change in net loss by line item: 
 Revenues . 3.6 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 3.0 billion increase due to higher pricing per MMBtu, from increased Henry Hub pricing; and 
 514 million increase due to higher volumes of LNG delivered between the periods, which increased 38 TBtu or 5 , as result of the additional production capacity of approximately 5 mtpa arising from the Train 3 Completion. 
 
 Operating costs and expenses . 5.3 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 3.2 billion increase in cost of sales excluding the effect of derivative losses described below, primarily as a result of 2.8 billion in increased cost of natural gas feedstock largely due to higher U.S. natural gas prices and, to a lesser extent, from increased volume of natural gas liquified and delivered as LNG, as discussed above under the caption Revenues ; and 
 2.0 billion increase in derivative losses from changes in fair value and settlements included in cost of sales, from 1.2 billion in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.2 billion in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to non-cash unfavorable changes in fair value of our commodity derivatives that are attributed to positions indexed to international gas prices. 
 Significant factors affecting our results of operations 
 
 In addition to sources and uses of liquidity as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources , below are additional significant factors that affect our results of operations. 
 
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments 
 
 Derivative instruments, which in addition to managing exposure to commodity-related marketing and price risks are utilized to manage exposure to changing interest rates volatility, are reported at fair value on our Consolidated Financial Statements. For commodity derivative instruments related to our IPM agreements, including those transferred to CCL during the year ended December 31, 2022 as described further in Overview of Significant Events , the underlying LNG sales being economically hedged are accounted for under the accrual method of accounting, whereby revenues expected to be derived from the future LNG sales are recognized only upon delivery or realization of the underlying transaction. Because the recognition of derivative instruments at fair value has the effect of recognizing gains or losses relating to future period exposure, and given the significant volumes, long-term duration and volatility in price basis for certain of our derivative contracts, use of derivative instruments may result in continued volatility of our results of operations based on changes in market pricing, counterparty credit risk and other relevant factors that may be outside of our control, notwithstanding the operational intent to mitigate risk exposure over time. 
 
 Commissioning cargoes 
 
 Prior to substantial completion of a Train, amounts received from the sale of commissioning cargoes from that Train are offset against LNG terminal construction-in-process, because these amounts are earned or loaded during the testing phase for the construction of that Train. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we realized offsets to LNG terminal costs of 143 million corresponding to 28 TBtu of LNG that were related to the sale of commissioning cargoes. We did not record any offsets to LNG terminal costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following information describes our ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of cash to meet our requirements in the short term and the long term. In the short term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and available liquidity, consisting of restricted cash and cash equivalents and available commitments under our credit facilities. In the long term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and other future potential sources of liquidity, which may include debt offerings. The table below provides a summary of our available liquidity (in millions). Future material sources of liquidity are discussed below. 
 December 31, 2022 Restricted cash and cash equivalents designated for the Liquefaction Project 738 Available commitments under our credit facilities (1): CCH Credit Facility 3,260 CCH Working Capital Facility 1,322 Total available commitments under our credit facilities 4,582 Total available liquidity 5,320 
 
 (1) Available commitments represent total commitments less loans outstanding and letters of credit issued under each of our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 1 1 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our credit facilities and other debt instruments. 
 
 Our liquidity position subsequent to December 31, 2022 will be driven by future sources of liquidity and future cash requirements as further discussed below under the caption Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity . 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 
 The 7.000 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, 5.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2025, 5.125 Senior Secured Notes due 2027, 3.700 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 and the series of Senior Secured Notes due 2039 with weighted average rate of 3.751 (collectively, the CCH Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed by each of our consolidated subsidiaries, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC (each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ). 
 
 The Guarantors guarantees are full and unconditional, subject to certain release provisions including (1) the sale, exchange, disposition or transfer (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all or substantially all of the capital stock or the assets of the Guarantors, (2) the designation of the Guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary in accordance with the indentures governing the CCH Senior Notes (the CCH Indentures ), (3) upon the legal defeasance or covenant defeasance or discharge of obligations under the CCH Indentures and (4) the release and discharge of the Guarantors pursuant to the Common Security and Account Agreement. In the event of a default in payment of the principal or interest by us, whether at maturity of the CCH Senior Notes or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, legal proceedings may be instituted against the Guarantors to enforce the guarantee. 
 
 The rights of holders of the CCH Senior Notes against the Guarantors may be limited under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or federal or state fraudulent transfer or conveyance law. Each guarantee contains a provision intended to limit the Guarantor s liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance or transfer under U.S. federal or state law. However, there can be no assurance as to what standard a court will apply in making a determination of the maximum liability of the Guarantors. Moreover, this provision may not be effective to protect the guarantee from being voided under fraudulent conveyance laws. There is a possibility that the entire guarantee may be set aside, in which case the entire liability may be extinguished. 
 
 Summarized financial information about us and the Guarantors as a group is omitted herein because such information would not be materially different from our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Future Sources of Liquidity under Executed Contracts 
 
 Because many of our sales contracts have long-term durations, we are contractually entitled to significant future consideration under our SPAs which has not yet been recognized as revenue. This future consideration is in most cases not yet legally due to us and was not reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In addition, a significant portion of this future consideration is subject to variability as discussed more specifically below. We anticipate that this consideration will be available to meet liquidity needs in the future. The following table summarizes our estimate of future material sources of liquidity to be received from executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Revenues Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total LNG revenues (fixed fees) (2) 2.0 9.6 40.5 52.1 LNG revenues (variable fees) (2) (3) 4.7 21.9 97.0 123.6 Total 6.7 31.5 137.5 175.7 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The timing of revenue recognition under GAAP may not align with cash receipts, although we do not consider the timing difference to be material. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) LNG revenues (including 1.2 billion and 40.3 billion of fixed fees and variable fees, respectively, from affiliates) exclude revenues from contracts with original expected durations of one year or less. Fixed fees are fees that are due to us regardless of whether a customer exercises their contractual right to not take delivery of an LNG cargo under the contract. Variable fees are receivable only in connection with LNG cargoes that are delivered. 
 (3) LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) reflect the assumption that customers elect to take delivery of all cargoes made available under the contract. LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) are based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. The pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. 
 
 LNG Revenues 
 
 Through our SPAs and IPM agreements, we have contracted approximately 88 of the total anticipated production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 18 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. The majority of the contracted capacity is comprised of fixed-price, long-term SPAs we have executed with third parties to sell LNG from the Liquefaction Project. Under the SPAs, the customers purchase LNG on a FOB or DAT basis for a price consisting of a fixed fee per MMBtu of LNG (a portion of which is subject to annual adjustment for inflation) plus a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub. Certain customers may elect to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, with advance notice as governed by each respective SPA, in which case the customers would still be required to pay the fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes that are not delivered as a result of such cancellation or suspension. The variable fees under our SPAs were generally sized with the intention to cover the costs of gas purchases and variable transportation and liquefaction fuel to produce the LNG to be sold under each such SPA. In aggregate, the annual fixed fee portion to be paid by the third-party SPA customers is approximately 2.7 billion for the Liquefaction Project, including the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. Our long-term SPA customers consist of creditworthy counterparties, with an average credit rating of BBB+, Baa1 and BBB+ by S P Global Ratings, Moody s Corporation and Fitch Ratings, respectively. A discussion of revenues under our SPAs can be found in Note 1 2 Revenues of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In addition to the third party SPAs discussed above, CCL has executed agreements with Cheniere Marketing under SPAs and a letter agreement at a price equal to 115 of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for SPAs associated with IPM agreements for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Future Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Available Commitments under Credit Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 4.6 billion in available commitments under our credit facilities, subject to compliance with the covenants, to potentially meet liquidity needs. Our credit facilities mature between 2027 and 2029. 
 
 Financially Disciplined Growth 
 
 Our significant land position at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal provides potential development and investment opportunities for further liquefaction capacity expansion at strategically advantaged locations with proximity to pipeline infrastructure and resources. In September 2022, CCL and another subsidiary of Cheniere entered the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for Midscale Trains 8 and 9. The development of these sites or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before a positive FID is made. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for operations and capital expenditures pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for operations and capital expenditures under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Purchase obligations (2): Natural gas supply agreements (3) 4.2 13.5 21.9 39.6 Natural gas transportation and storage service agreements (4) 0.2 1.0 3.0 4.2 Capital expenditures 0.9 3.1 4.0 Other purchase obligations (5) 0.1 0.7 7.0 7.8 Total 5.4 18.3 31.9 55.6 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding that specify fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased. We include contracts for which we have an early termination option if the option is not currently expected to be exercised. We include contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent if the conditions are currently expected to be met. 
 (3) Pricing of natural gas supply agreements is based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. Pricing of IPM agreements is based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. 
 (4) Includes 1.0 billion of purchase obligations to related parties under the natural gas transportation and storage service agreements. 
 (5) Includes 7.5 billion of purchase obligations to affiliates under services agreements, 6.3 billion of which relates to shipping and transportation-related services agreements with Cheniere Marketing. 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage Service Agreements 
 
 We have secured natural gas feedstock for the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal through long-term natural gas supply and IPM agreements. Under our IPM agreements, we pay for natural gas feedstock based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. While our IPM agreements are not revenue contracts for accounting purposes, the payment structure for the purchase of natural gas under the IPM agreements generates a take-or-pay style fixed 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 liquefaction fee, assuming that LNG produced from the natural gas feedstock is subsequently sold at a price approximating the global LNG market price paid for the natural gas feedstock purchase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have secured approximately 89 of the natural gas supply required to support the total forecasted production capacity of the Liquefaction Project during 2023. Natural gas supply secured decreases as a percentage of forecasted production capacity beyond 2023. Natural gas supply is generally secured on an indexed pricing basis, with title transfer occurring upon receipt of the commodity. As further described in the LNG Revenues section above, the pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Inclusive of amounts under contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent as of December 31, 2022, we have secured up to 8,309 TBtu of natural gas feedstock through agreements with remaining terms that range up to 15 years. A discussion of our natural gas supply and IPM agreements can be found in Note 8 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 To ensure that we are able to transport natural gas feedstock to the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, we have entered into transportation precedent and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation capacity from third party pipeline companies. We have also entered into firm storage services agreements with third parties to assist in managing variability in natural gas needs for the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 We enter into lump sum turnkey contracts with third party contractors for the EPC of our Liquefaction Project. The future capital expenditures included in the table above primarily consist of fixed costs under the Bechtel EPC contract for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, in which Bechtel charges a lump sum and generally bares project cost, schedule and performance risks unless certain specified events occurred, in which case Bechtel causes us to enter into a change order, or we agree with Bechtel to a change order. Additionally, we expect to incur ongoing capital expenditures to maintain our facilities and other assets, as well as to optimize our existing assets and purchase new assets that are intended to grow our productive capacity. See Financially Disciplined Growth section for further discussion. 
 
 Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project 
 
 The following table summarizes the project completion and construction status of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project as of January 31, 2023: 
 Overall project completion percentage 24.5 Completion percentage of: Engineering 41.3 Procurement 36.9 Subcontract work 29.5 Construction 2.2 Date of expected substantial completion 2H 2025 - 1H 2027 
 
 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures 
 
 Corporate Activities 
 
 We have contracts with subsidiaries of Cheniere for operations, maintenance and management services. Cheniere and its subsidiaries full-time employee headcount was 1,551, including 337 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project operations as of December 31, 2022. Full discussion of our operations, maintenance and management agreements can be found in Note 1 3 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Financially Disciplined Growth 
 
 The FID of any expansion projects will result in additional cash requirements to fund the construction and operations of such projects in excess of our current contractual obligations under executed contracts discussed above. However, in 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 connection with reaching FID, we may be required to secure financing to meet the cash needs that such project will initially require, in support of commercializing the project. 
 
 Beyond the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, our affiliates hold significant land positions at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal, which provides potential development and investment opportunities for further liquefaction capacity expansion at strategically advantaged locations with proximity to pipeline infrastructure and resources, including Midscale Trains 8 and 9. We expect that any potential future expansion at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal would increase cash requirements to support expanded operations, although expansion could be designed to leverage shared infrastructure to reduce the incremental costs of any potential expansion. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Financing under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for financing pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for financing under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Debt (2) 0.5 2.9 3.9 7.3 Interest payments (2) 0.3 1.1 0.8 2.2 Total 0.8 4.0 4.7 9.5 
 
 (1) The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Debt and interest payments are based on the total debt balance, scheduled contractual maturities and fixed or estimated forward interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022, excluding debt and interest payments on the 2024 CCH Senior Notes which are based on the redemption payment made January 5, 2023. In December 2022, we issued a notice of redemption for the remaining aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2024 CCH Senior Notes. Other than debt and interest payments on the 2024 CCH Senior Notes, debt and interest payments do not contemplate repurchases, repayments and retirements that we expect to make prior to contractual maturity. See further discussion in Note 1 1 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt complex was comprised of senior notes with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 7.3 billion and credit facilities with no outstanding balances. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our debt agreements. Further discussion of our debt obligations, including the restrictions imposed by these arrangements, can be found in Note 1 1 Debt of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our senior notes had a weighted average contractual interest rate of 4.64 . We amended the CCH Credit Facility and the CCH Working Capital Facility to incorporate a replacement rate as a result of the expected LIBOR transition. Undrawn commitments under our credit facilities are subject to commitment fees ranging from 0.100 and 0.525 , subject to change based on our credit rating. Issued letters of credit under the CCH Working Capital Facility are subject to letter of credit fees of 1.25 . We had 178 million aggregate amount of issued letters of credit under the CCH Working Capital Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Financing 
 
 Revised Capital Allocation Plan 
 
 In September 2022, the board of directors of Cheniere approved a revised long-term capital allocation plan, which may involve the repayment, redemption or repurchase, on the open market or otherwise, of debt, including our senior notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed 2.4 billion of indebtedness pursuant to the capital allocation plan. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table summarizes the sources and uses of our restricted cash and cash equivalents (in millions). The table presents capital expenditures on a cash basis; therefore, these amounts differ from the amounts of capital expenditures, including accruals, which are referred to elsewhere in this report. Additional discussion of these items follows the table. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,734 1,424 Net cash used in investing activities (980) (240) Net cash used in financing activities (60) (1,210) Net increase (decrease) in restricted cash and cash equivalents 694 (26) 
 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 
 Operating cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1,734 million and 1,424 million, respectively. The 310 million increase between the periods was primarily related to cash used as working capital as a result of payment timing differences and timing of cash receipts from the sale of LNG cargoes. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in operating cash inflows due to higher costs associated with the sale of certain unutilized natural gas procured for the liquefaction process during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 
 Our investing cash net outflows in both years primarily were for the construction costs for the Liquefaction Project. The 740 million increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to spend during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to construction work performed by Bechtel for the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. We expect our capital expenditures to increase in future periods as construction work progresses on the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project following the issuance of full notice to proceed to Bechtel in June 2022. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our financing activities (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Proceeds from issuances of debt 440 1,150 Repayments of debt (2,419) (1,188) Debt issuance and deferred financing costs (44) (4) Debt extinguishment costs (19) (5) Contributions 2,182 Distributions (200) (1,163) Net cash used in financing activities (60) (1,210) 
 Debt Issuances and Related Financing Costs 
 
 The following table shows the issuances of debt, including intra-year borrowings (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 3.72 weighted average rate Senior Secured Notes due 2039 
 750 CCH Credit Facility 
 440 CCH Working Capital Facility 400 Total proceeds from issuances of debt 440 1,150 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid debt issuance costs and other financing costs of 44 million and 4 million, respectively, related to the debt issuances above and amendment of credit facilities during the respective periods. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Repayments and Related Extinguishment Costs 
 
 The following table shows the repayments of debt, including intra-year repayments (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CCH Credit Facility 
 (2,169) (898) CCH Working Capital Facility (250) (290) Total repayments of debt (2,419) (1,188) 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid debt modification or extinguishment costs of 19 million and 5 million, respectively, related to these repayments. 
 
 Capital Contributions and Distributions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received cash capital contributions of 2.2 billion from Cheniere, primarily used to redeem our outstanding debt, and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we made cash distributions of 200 million and 1.2 billion, respectively, to Cheniere. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Management evaluates its estimates and related assumptions regularly, including those related to the valuation of derivative instruments. Changes in facts and circumstances or additional information may result in revised estimates, and actual results may differ from these estimates. Management considers the following to be its most critical accounting estimates that involve significant judgment. 
 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 All derivative instruments are recorded at fair value, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We record changes in the fair value of our derivative positions through earnings, based on the value for which the derivative instrument could be exchanged between willing parties. Valuation of our physical liquefaction supply derivative contracts is often developed through the use of internal models which includes significant unobservable inputs representing Level 3 fair value measurements as further described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and adjustments for transportation prices, and associated events deriving fair value including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 
 Additionally, the valuation of certain physical liquefaction supply derivatives requires significant judgment in estimating underlying forward commodity curves due to periods of unobservability or limited liquidity. Such valuations are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. Provided below are the changes in fair value from valuation of instruments valued through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions), which entirely consisted of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. The changes in fair value shown are limited to instruments still held at the end of each respective period. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Unfavorable changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 (3,664) (1,276) 
 
 The unfavorable changes on instruments held at the end of both years are primarily attributed to significant appreciation in estimated forward international LNG commodity curves on our IPM agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to a liability of 6.2 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, consisting entirely of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. 
 
 The ultimate fair value of our derivative instruments is uncertain, and we believe that it is reasonably possible that a material change in the estimated fair value could occur in the near future, particularly as it relates to commodity prices given the level of volatility in the current year. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further analysis of the sensitivity of the fair value of our derivatives to hypothetical changes in underlying prices. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 For a summary of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 Summary of S i gnificant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Marketing and Trading Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We have entered into commodity derivatives consisting of natural gas supply contracts for the commissioning and operation of the Liquefaction Project Liquefaction Supply Derivatives ). In order to test the sensitivity of the fair value of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives to changes in underlying commodity prices, management modeled a 10 change in the commodity price for natural gas for each delivery location as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Change in Fair Value Fair Value Change in Fair Value Liquefaction Supply Derivatives (6,278) 1,684 (1,212) 186 
 
 See Note 8 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details about our derivative instruments. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Report to the Member of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 
 37 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 40 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Member s Equity 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 43 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 
 Note 1 Organization and Nature of Operations 
 44 
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 44 
 Note 3 CCL Stage III Contribution and Merger 
 49 
 Note 4 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 50 
 Note 5 Trade and Other Receivables, Net of Current Expected Credit Losses 
 50 
 Note 6 Inventory 
 50 
 Note 7 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
 50 
 Note 8 Derivative Instruments 
 51 
 Note 9 Other Non-current Assets, Net 
 56 
 Note 10 Accrued Liabilities 
 56 
 Note 1 1 Debt 
 57 
 Note 1 2 Revenues 
 59 
 Note 1 3 Related Party Transactions 
 62 
 Note 1 4 Commitments and Contingencies 
 64 
 Note 1 5 Customer Concentration 
 65 
 Note 1 6 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 66 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT TO THE MEMBER OF CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As management, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC Corpus Christi Holdings ). In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have conducted an assessment, including testing using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Corpus Christi Holdings system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Based on our assessment, we have concluded that Corpus Christi Holdings maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of Corpus Christi Holdings registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by Corpus Christi Holdings registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Management s Certifications 
 
 The certifications of Corpus Christi Holdings Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 have been included as Exhibits 31 and 32 in Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings Form 10-K. 
 By: /s/ Zach Davis Zach Davis President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

37 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Member and Managers of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 
 Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, member s equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded fair value of level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives of (6,205) million, as of December 31, 2022. The physical liquefaction supply derivatives consist of natural gas supply contracts for the operation of the liquefied natural gas facility. The fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives is developed using internal models that incorporate significant unobservable inputs. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives as a critical audit matter. Specifically, there is subjectivity in certain assumptions used to estimate the fair value, including assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the valuation of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives. This included controls related to the assumptions for significant unobservable inputs and the fair value 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 model. For a selection of level 3 liquefaction supply derivatives, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 evaluating the future prices of energy units for observable periods by comparing to market data, including quoted or published forward prices 
 developing independent fair value estimates and comparing the independently developed estimates to the Company s fair value estimates. 
 In addition, we evaluated the Company s assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity by comparing them to market or third-party data, including adjustments for third party quoted transportation prices. 

/s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues LNG revenues LNG revenues affiliate Total revenues Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) Cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Operating and maintenance expense Operating and maintenance expense affiliate Operating and maintenance expense related party General and administrative expense General and administrative expense affiliate Depreciation and amortization expense Other Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ) ) ) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Interest rate derivative gain (loss), net ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions) 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Restricted cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses Accounts receivable affiliate Advances to affiliate Inventory Current derivative assets Margin deposits Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Debt issuance and deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization Derivative assets Other non-current assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND MEMBER S EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party Current debt, net of discount and debt issuance costs Due to affiliates Current derivative liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of discount and debt issuance costs Derivative liabilities Other non-current liabilities Other non-current liabilities affiliate Commitments and contingencies (see Note 1 4 
 Member s equity Total liabilities and member s equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF MEMBER S EQUITY 
 (in millions) 

Cheniere CCH HoldCo I, LLC Total Member s Equity 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 Contributions Distributions ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 Distributions ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Contributions (excluding CCL Stage III entity) 
 Contribution of CCL Stage III entity (see Note 3 
 ) ) Non-cash contribution from affiliate Distributions ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of discount and debt issuance costs Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt Total losses on derivative instruments, net Total gains on derivatives, net related party ) Net cash used for settlement of derivative instruments ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable affiliate ) Advances to affiliate ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Margin deposits ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party ) Due to affiliates Deferred revenue Other, net ) ) ) Other, net affiliate ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Debt issuance and deferred financing costs ) ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Restricted cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 operational Trains for a total operational production capacity of approximately mtpa of LNG, LNG storage tanks and marine berths. Additionally, we are constructing an expansion of the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal (the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project for up to midscale Trains with an expected total operational production capacity of over mtpa of LNG. 
 
 CCL Stage III, CCL and CCP received approval from FERC in November 2019 to site, construct and operate the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. In March 2022, CCL Stage III issued limited notice to proceed to Bechtel Energy Inc. Bechtel to commence early engineering, procurement and site works. In June 2022, Cheniere s board of directors made a positive FID with respect to the investment in the construction and operation of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and issued a full notice to proceed with construction to Bechtel effective June 16, 2022. In connection with the positive FID, CCL Stage III, through which Cheniere was developing and constructing the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, was contributed to us from Cheniere (the Contribution on June 15, 2022. Immediately following the Contribution, CCL Stage III was merged with and into CCL (the Merger ), the surviving entity of the merger and our wholly owned subsidiary. Refer to Note 3 CCL Stage III Contribution and Merger for additional information on the Contribution and Merger of CCL Stage III. 
 
 Through our subsidiary CCP, we also own a -mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal with several interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines (the Corpus Christi Pipeline and together with the existing operational Trains, midscale Trains, storage tanks and marine berths, the Liquefaction Project ). 
 
 midscale Trains with an expected total production capacity of approximately mtpa of LNG. The development of this site or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before we make a positive FID. 

NOTE 2 

44 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

on our trade and other receivables, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had current expected credit losses of million and million, respectively, on our non-current contract assets. 

45 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t record any material impairments related to property, plant and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

46 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t have any derivative instruments designated as cash flow or fair value hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 8 Derivative Instruments 
 
 years with third parties and have entered into agreements with Cheniere Marketing International LLP Cheniere Marketing ). CCL is dependent on the respective customers creditworthiness and their willingness to perform under their respective SPAs. 
 
 See Note 15 Customer Concentration for additional details about our customer concentration. 
 
 Our arrangements with our customers incorporate certain provisions to mitigate our exposure to credit losses and include, under certain circumstances, customer collateral, netting of exposures through the use of industry standard commercial agreements and, as described above, margin deposits with certain counterparties in the over-the-counter derivative market, with such margin deposits primarily facilitated by independent system operators and by clearing brokers. Payments on margin deposits, either by us or by the counterparty depending on the position, are required when the value of a derivative exceeds our pre-established credit limit with the counterparty. Margin deposits are returned to us (or to the counterparty) on or near the settlement date for non-exchange traded derivatives, and we exchange margin calls on a daily basis for exchange traded transactions. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t recorded an ARO associated with the Corpus Christi Pipeline. We believe that it is not feasible to predict when the natural gas transportation services provided by the Corpus Christi Pipeline will no longer be utilized. In addition, our right-of-way agreements associated with the Corpus Christi Pipeline have no stipulated termination dates. We intend to operate the Corpus Christi Pipeline as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists in the United States and intend to maintain it regularly. 
 
 provision or liability for federal or state income taxes is included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

48 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 3 
 
 Derivatives assets Other non-current assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities Accounts payable Due to affiliates Total current liabilities Derivative liabilities Total net liabilities contributed ) 
 
 Amended and Restated Debt Agreements 
 
 In June 2022, in connection with the FID with respect to the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project referenced above, CCH amended and restated its term loan credit facility (the CCH Credit Facility and its working capital facility CCH Working Capital Facility to, among other things, (1) increase the commitments to approximately billion and billion for the 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

or two years after the substantial completion of the last Train of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project and of the CCH Working Capital Facility through , (3) update the indexed interest rate to SOFR and (4) make certain other changes to the terms and conditions of the existing facility. See Note 11 Debt for additional information on our credit facilities. 

NOTE 4 
 
 million and million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, respectively, as required by the above agreement, of which million as of December 31, 2022 related to the cash contributed from Cheniere for the redemption of the remaining outstanding principal balance of the Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 CCH Senior Notes in January 2023. 

NOTE 5 
 
 Other receivables Total trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses 

NOTE 6 
 
 LNG Natural gas Other Total inventory 

NOTE 7 
 Site and related costs Construction-in-process Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total LNG terminal, net of accumulated depreciation Fixed assets Fixed assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Offsets to LNG terminal costs (1) 
 
 (1) 

and years, as follows: 
 Components Useful life (years) LNG storage tanks Natural gas pipeline facilities Marine berth, electrical, facility and roads Water pipelines Liquefaction processing equipment - 
 Other - 

Fixed Assets 
 
 Our fixed assets are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line method based on estimated lives of the individual assets or groups of assets. 

NOTE 8 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) ) Liquefaction Supply Derivatives asset (liability) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 We valued our Interest Rate Derivatives using an income-based approach utilizing observable inputs to the valuation model including interest rate curves, risk adjusted discount rates, credit spreads and other relevant data. We value our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives using a market or option-based approach incorporating present value techniques, as needed, using observable commodity price curves, when available, and other relevant data. 
 
 The fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives is predominantly driven by observable and unobservable market commodity prices and, as applicable to our natural gas supply contracts, our assessment of the associated events deriving fair value, including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 
 We include a significant portion of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy as the fair value is developed through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and volatility. 
 
 The Level 3 fair value measurements of natural gas positions within our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives could be materially impacted by a significant change in certain natural gas and international LNG prices.) Market approach incorporating present value techniques Henry Hub basis spread ) - / ) 
 Option pricing model International LNG pricing spread, relative to Henry Hub (2) - / 

(1) 

Increases or decreases in basis or pricing spreads, in isolation, would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 Realized and change in fair value gains (losses) included in net income (2): Included in cost of sales, existing deals (3) ) ) Included in cost of sales, new deals (4) ) Purchases and settlements: Purchases (5) ) Settlements (6) ) Transfers in and/or out of level 3 Transfers into level 3 (7) Balance, end of period ) ) Favorable (unfavorable) changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 
 All existing counterparty derivative contracts provide for the unconditional right of set-off in the event of default. We have elected to report derivative assets and liabilities arising from those derivative contracts with the same counterparty and the unconditional contractual right of set-off on a net basis. The use of derivative instruments exposes us to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet its commitments in instances when our derivative instruments are in an asset position. Additionally, counterparties are at risk that we will be unable to meet our commitments in instances where our derivative instruments are in a liability position. We incorporate both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in fair value measurements depending on the position of the derivative. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, set-off rights and guarantees. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 
 billion One-month LIBOR 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) ) CCH Interest Rate Forward Start Derivatives Interest rate derivative gain (loss), net ) 
 
 Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 CCL holds Liquefaction Supply Derivatives which are primarily indexed to the natural gas market and international LNG indices. The terms of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives range up to approximately years, some of which commence upon the satisfaction of certain events or states of affairs. 
 
 The forward notional amount for our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives was approximately TBtu and TBtu as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) Cost of sales ) ) ) Cost of sales related party (2) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Derivative assets Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative liability, net ) ) December 31, 2021 CCH Interest Rate Derivatives 
 Liquefaction Supply Derivatives (1) 
 Total Consolidated Balance Sheets Location Current derivative assets Derivative assets Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) Derivative liability, net ) ) ) 
 
 (1) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Includes a natural gas supply contract that we had with a related party. This agreement ceased to be considered a related party agreement as of November 1, 2021. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Offsetting amounts Net assets Gross liabilities ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) As of December 31, 2021 Gross assets Offsetting amounts ) Net assets Gross liabilities ) ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) ) 

NOTE 9 
 
 Advances and other asset conveyances to third parties to support LNG terminal Operating lease assets Information technology service prepayments Tax-related payments and receivables Other Total other non-current assets, net 

NOTE 10 
 Interest costs and related debt fees Liquefaction Project costs Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 11 
 
 due 2025 
 due 2027 (2) 
 due 2029 (2) 
 weighted average rate due 2039 (2) 
 Total Senior Secured Notes CCH Credit Facility 
 CCH Working Capital Facility (3) 
 Total debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Short-term debt ) Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total long-term debt, net of discount and debt issuance costs 
 
 (1) million. 
 (2) million, inclusive of CCH s Senior Secured Notes due 2027, 2029 and 2039 on the open market, which were immediately contributed to us from Cheniere and cancelled by us. 
 (3) 

CCH Senior Secured Notes ), are jointly and severally guaranteed by our subsidiaries, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC (each a CCH Guarantor and collectively, the CCH Guarantors ). The CCH Senior Secured Notes are our senior secured obligations, ranking senior in right of payment to any and all of our future indebtedness that is subordinated to the CCH Senior Secured Notes and equal in right of payment with our other existing and future indebtedness that is senior and secured by the same collateral securing the CCH Senior Secured Notes. The CCH Senior Secured Notes are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of our and the CCH Guarantors assets. We may, at any time, redeem all or part of the CCH Senior Secured Notes at specified prices set forth in the respective indentures governing the CCH Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. 
 
 Cancellation of CCH Senior Secured Notes Contributed from Cheniere 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Cheniere repurchased a total of million of our outstanding debt, consisting of million of our Senior Secured Notes due 2025, 2027, 2029 and 2039 on the open market and million of our Senior Secured Notes due 2024, with all of such repurchases immediately contributed to us from Cheniere for no consideration, and cancelled by us. It was determined that for accounting purposes, Cheniere repurchased the bonds on our behalf as a principal as opposed to as an agent, and thus the debt extinguishment was accounted for as an extinguishment directly with Cheniere. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million from associated operating activities, inclusive of million of interest due to the extinguishment of debt at the time of repayment offset by our write off of associated debt issuance costs and discount of million. 
 
 The total contribution from Cheniere of million associated with the aforementioned activity is reflected within our Consolidated Statements of Member s Equity. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Less: Outstanding balance Letters of credit issued Available commitment Priority ranking Senior secured Senior secured Interest rate on available balance (4) SOFR plus credit spread adjustment of , plus margin of or base rate plus 
 SOFR plus credit spread adjustment of , plus margin of - or base rate plus - 
 Commitment fees on undrawn balance (4) 
 - 
 Maturity date (5) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) million of debt extinguishment and modification costs to, among other things, (1) provide incremental commitments of billion and million for the CCH Credit Facility and the CCH Working Capital Facility, respectively, in connection with the FID with respect to the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project, (2) extend the maturity, (3) update the indexed interest rate to SOFR and (4) make certain other changes to the terms and conditions of each existing facility. 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) The CCH Credit Facility matures the earlier of or two years after the substantial completion of the last Train of the Corpus Christi Stage 3 Project. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

:1.00 is satisfied. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our debt agreements. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Capitalized interest, including amounts capitalized as an allowance for funds used during construction ) ) ) Total interest expense, net of capitalized interest 
 
 Fair Value Disclosures 
 
 Senior notes Level 3 (2) 
 
 (1) 

The estimated fair value of our credit facilities approximates the principal amount outstanding because the interest rates are variable and reflective of market rates and the debt may be repaid, in full or in part, at any time without penalty. 

NOTE 12 
 
 LNG revenues affiliate Total revenues from contracts with customers Net derivative gain (loss) (2) ) Total revenues 
 
 (1) million in LNG revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would not take delivery, of which million would have been recognized during the year ended December 31, 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t have revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would not take delivery during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revenue is generally recognized upon receipt of irrevocable notice that a customer will not take delivery because our customers have no contractual right to take delivery of such LNG cargo in future periods and our performance obligations with respect to such LNG cargo have been satisfied. 

of Henry Hub. The fixed fee component is the amount payable to us regardless of a cancellation or suspension of LNG cargo deliveries by the customers. The variable fee component is the amount generally payable to us only upon delivery of LNG plus all future adjustments to the fixed fee for inflation. The SPAs and contracted volumes to be made available under the SPAs are not tied to a specific Train; however, the term of each SPA generally commences upon the date of first commercial delivery of a specified Train. Additionally, we have agreements with Cheniere Marketing for which the related revenues are recorded as LNG revenues affiliate. See Note 13 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding these agreements. 
 
 Revenues from the sale of LNG are recognized at a point in time when the LNG is delivered to the customer, either at the Corpus Christi LNG Terminal or at the customer s LNG receiving terminal, based on the terms of the contract, which is the point legal title, physical possession and the risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer. Each individual molecule of LNG is viewed as a separate performance obligation. The stated contract price (including both fixed and variable fees) per MMBtu in each LNG sales arrangement is representative of the stand-alone selling price for LNG at the time the contract was negotiated. We have concluded that the variable fees meet the exception for allocating variable consideration to specific parts of the contract. As such, the variable consideration for these contracts is allocated to each distinct molecule of LNG and recognized when that distinct molecule of LNG is delivered to the customer. Because of the use of the exception, variable consideration related to the sale of LNG is also not included in the transaction price. 
 
 Fees received pursuant to SPAs are recognized as LNG revenues only after substantial completion of the respective Train. Prior to substantial completion, sales generated during the commissioning phase are offset against the cost of construction for the respective Train, as the production and removal of LNG from storage is necessary to test the facility and bring the asset to the condition necessary for its intended use. 
 
 Sales of natural gas where, in the delivery of the natural gas to the end customer, we have concluded that we acted as a principal are presented within revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, and where we have concluded that we acted as an agent are netted within cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Contract assets represent our right to consideration for transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract when the associated consideration is not yet due. Changes in contract assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily attributable to revenue recognized due to the delivery of LNG under certain SPAs for which the associated consideration was not yet due. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Cash received but not yet recognized in revenue Revenue recognized from prior period deferral ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 
 We record deferred revenue when we receive consideration, or such consideration is unconditionally due from a customer, prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract. Changes in deferred revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are primarily attributable to differences between the timing of revenue recognition and the receipt of advance payments related to delivery of LNG under certain SPAs. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Future Performance Obligations 
 
 Because many of our sales contracts have long-term durations, we are contractually entitled to significant future consideration which we have not yet recognized as revenue. 
 LNG revenues affiliate Total revenues 
 
 (1) 
 
 We have elected the following exemptions which omit certain potential future sources of revenue from the table above: 
 (1) We omit from the table above all performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 (2) The table above excludes substantially all variable consideration under our SPAs. We omit from the table above all variable consideration that is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation when that performance obligation qualifies as a series. The amount of revenue from variable fees that is not included in the transaction price will vary based on the future prices of Henry Hub throughout the contract terms, to the extent customers elect to take delivery of their LNG, and adjustments to the consumer price index. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. Additionally, we have excluded variable consideration related to contracts where there is uncertainty that one or both of the parties will achieve certain milestones. Approximately and of our LNG revenues from contracts included in the table above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to variable consideration received from customers. Approximately of our LNG revenues affiliate from contracts included in the table above during the year ended December 31, 2022 were related to variable consideration received from customers. of our LNG revenues affiliates from the contract included in the table above were related to variable consideration received from customers during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 We may enter into contracts to sell LNG that are conditioned upon one or both of the parties achieving certain milestones such as reaching FID on a certain liquefaction Train, obtaining financing or achieving substantial completion of a Train and any related facilities. These contracts are considered completed contracts for revenue recognition purposes and are included in the transaction price above when the conditions are considered probable of being met. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 13 
 
 Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Total LNG revenues affiliate Cost of sales affiliate Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Cheniere Marketing Agreements (1) (3) Total cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Natural Gas Supply Agreement (4) Operating and maintenance expense affiliate Services Agreements (5) Land Agreements (6) Total operating and maintenance expense affiliate Operating and maintenance expense related party Natural Gas Transportation Agreements (7) General and administrative expense affiliate Services Agreements (5) 
 
 (1) of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for SPAs associated with IPM agreements for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices. In addition, CCL has an arrangement with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers in the event operational conditions impact operations at either the Sabine Pass or Corpus Christi liquefaction facilities. The purchase price for such cargoes would be the greater of: (a) of the applicable natural gas feedstock purchase price or (b) an FOB U.S. Gulf Coast LNG market price. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, CCL had million and million of accounts receivable affiliate, respectively, under these agreements with Cheniere Marketing. 
 (2) million and million of accounts receivable affiliate, respectively, under these agreements with Cheniere Marketing. 
 (3) to of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee for the shipping services provided. Deliveries under the SSAs will commence in 2023. 
 (4) 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

(5) million and million of advances to affiliates, respectively, under the services agreements. The non-reimbursement amounts incurred under these agreements are recorded in general and administrative expense affiliate. 
 (6) 
 (7) million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 with this related party. 
 
 We had million and million due to affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under agreements with affiliates as described above. 
 
 Disclosure of future consideration under revenue contracts with affiliates is included in Note 12 Revenue s . Additionally, disclosure of future contractual obligations with affiliates and related parties is included in Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Other Agreements 
 
 State Tax Sharing Agreements 
 
 CCL and CCP each have a state tax sharing agreement with Cheniere. Under these agreements, Cheniere has agreed to prepare and file all state and local tax returns which each of the entities and Cheniere are required to file on a combined basis and to timely pay the combined state and local tax liability. If Cheniere, in its sole discretion, demands payment, each of the respective entities will pay to Cheniere an amount equal to the state and local tax that each of the entities would be required to pay if its state and local tax liability were calculated on a separate company basis. To date, there have been state and local tax payments demanded by Cheniere under the tax sharing agreements. The agreements for both CCL and CCP were effective for tax returns due on or after May 2015. 
 
 Equity Contribution Agreements 
 
 We entered into equity contribution agreements with Cheniere and certain of its subsidiaries (the Equity Contribution Agreements pursuant to which Cheniere agreed to contribute any of CCH s Senior Secured Notes that Cheniere has repurchased to CCH. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Cheniere repurchased a total of million of the outstanding principal amount of CCH s Senior Secured Notes due 2025, 2027, 2029 and 2039 on the open market, which were immediately contributed under the Equity Contribution Agreements to us from Cheniere and cancelled by us. 
 
 Arrangement with ADCC Pipeline, LLC 
 
 In June 2022, Cheniere acquired a equity interest in ADCC Pipeline, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiary (collectively, ADCC Pipeline through its wholly owned subsidiary Cheniere ADCC Investments, LLC. ADCC Pipeline will develop, construct and operate an approximately -mile natural gas pipeline project (the ADCC Pipeline Project connecting the Agua Dulce natural gas hub to the CCL Project. Cheniere currently has a future commitment of up to approximately million to fund its equity interest, which commitment is subject to a condition precedent that has not yet been satisfied. CCL is party to a natural gas transportation agreement with ADCC Pipeline in the ordinary course of business for the operation of the CCL Project, with an initial term of years with extension rights, which will commence upon the completion of the ADCC Pipeline Project. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 14 
 
 billion, reflecting amounts incurred under change orders through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately billion remaining under this contract. 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage Service Agreements 
 
 CCL has physical natural gas supply contracts to secure natural gas feedstock for the Liquefaction Project. The remaining terms of these contracts range up to years. 
 Additionally, CCL has natural gas transportation and storage service agreements for the Liquefaction Project. The initial terms of the natural gas transportation agreements range up years, with renewal options for certain contracts, and commence upon the occurrence of conditions precedent. The initial term of the natural gas storage service agreements ranges up to . 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 (1) 
 
 Services Agreements 
 
 CCL and CCP have certain fixed commitments under services agreements, SSAs and other agreements of billion with third parties and billion with affiliates. See Note 1 3 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding such agreements. 
 
 Environmental and Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and laws. These laws require that we engage in consultations with appropriate federal and state agencies and that we obtain and maintain applicable permits and other authorizations. Failure to comply with such laws could result in legal proceedings, which may include substantial penalties. We believe that, based on currently known information, compliance with these laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

pending legal matters that would reasonably be expected to have a material impact on our operating results, financial position or cash flows. 

NOTE 15 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 
 Less than 10 

Singapore France Indonesia Ireland United States Total 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 16 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Non-cash investing activity: Transfers of property, plant and equipment in exchange for other non-current assets Contributions of assets from affiliates Non-cash financing activity: Cancellation of CCH Senior Secured Notes contributed to us from Cheniere (see Note 11 
 Contribution of CCL Stage III entity to us from Cheniere (see Note 3 
 ) 
 
 The balance in property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation funded with accounts payable and accrued liabilities (including affiliate) was million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. MANAGERS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND COMPANY GOVERNANCE 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MEMBER MATTERS 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND MANAGER INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID . The following table sets forth the fees billed by KPMG LLP for professional services rendered for 2022 and 2021 (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Audit Fees 1 1 
 
 Audit Fees Audit fees for 2022 and 2021 include fees associated with the audit of our annual Consolidated Financial Statements, reviews of our interim Consolidated Financial Statements and services performed in connection with registration statements and debt offerings, including comfort letters and consents. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees There were no audit-related fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Tax Fees There were no tax fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Fees There were no other fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Auditor Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 
 We are not a public company and we are not listed on any stock exchange. As a result, we are not required to, and do not, have an independent audit committee, a financial expert or a majority of independent directors. The audit committee of Cheniere has approved all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent accountants and the fees for such services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC: 
 
 Management s Report to the Member of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 
 37 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 40 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Member s Equity 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 43 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 74 

(3) Exhibits: 
 
 Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations, warranties, covenants and conditions by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations, warranties, covenants and conditions: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 
 may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 
 
 may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 
 
 were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. These agreements are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 
 
 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Certificate of Formation of the Company 
 CCH S-4 3.1 1/5/2017 3.2 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Formation of the Company 
 CCH S-4 3.2 1/5/2017 3.3 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company 
 CCH S-4 3.3 1/5/2017 3.4 Certificate of Formation of CCL 
 CCH S-4 3.4 1/5/2017 3.5 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CCL 
 CCH S-4 3.5 1/5/2017 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.6 Certificate of Formation of Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC 
 CCH S-4 3.6 1/5/2017 3.7 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Formation of Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC 
 CCH S-4 3.7 1/5/2017 3.8 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC 
 CCH S-4 3.8 1/5/2017 3.9 Certificate of Limited Partnership of CCP 
 CCH S-4 3.9 1/5/2017 3.10 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of CCP 
 CCH S-4 3.10 1/5/2017 3.11 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CCP 
 CCH S-4 3.11 1/5/2017 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2016, among the Company, as Issuer, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 Cheniere 8-K 4.1 5/18/2016 4.2 Form of 7.000 Senior Secured Note due 2024 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 above) 
 Cheniere 8-K 4.1 5/18/2016 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2016, among the Company, as Issuer, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 Cheniere 8-K 4.1 12/9/2016 4.4 Form of 5.875 Senior Secured Note due 2025 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.3 above) 
 Cheniere 8-K 4.1 12/9/2016 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2017, among the Company, as issuer, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 5/19/2017 4.6 Form of 5.125 Senior Secured Note due 2027 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.5 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 5/19/2017 4.7 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated September 6, 2019, among the Company, as issuer, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 9/12/2019 4.8 Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2019, among the Company, as issuer, and CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 9/30/2019 4.9 Form of 4.80 Senior Secured Note due December 31, 2039 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.8 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 9/30/2019 4.10 Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2019, among the Company, as issuer, and CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 10/18/2019 4.11 Form of 3.925 Senior Secured Note due December 31, 2039 (Included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.10 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 10/18/2019 4.12 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2019, among the Company, as issuer, CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 11/13/2019 4.13 Form of 3.700 Senior Secured Note due 2029 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.12 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 11/13/2019 4.14 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2021, among the Company, as issuer, CCL, CCP, and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 8/24/2021 4.15 Form of 2.742 Senior Secured Note due 2039 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.14 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 8/24/2021 4.16 Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2020, among the Company, as issuer, and CCL, CCP and Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, as guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 8/21/2020 4.17 Form of 3.52 Senior Secured Note due 2039 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.16 above) 
 CCH 8-K 4.1 8/21/2020 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Term Loan Facility Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Company , CCP , Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, CCL , the lenders party thereto from time to time and Soci t G n rale as the Term Loan Facility Agent 
 CCH 8-K 10.1 6/22/2022 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Common Terms Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Company , CCP , Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, C CL , Soci t G n rale, as Term Loan Facility Agent, The Bank of Nova Scotia as Working Capital Facility Agent, and Soci t G n rale as Intercreditor Agent, and any other facility lenders party thereto from time to time 
 CCH 8-K 10.3 6/22/2022 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Common Security and Account Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Company , CCP, Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, CCL, the Senior Creditor Group Representatives, Soci t G n rale as the Intercreditor Agent, Soci t G n rale as Security Trustee and Mizuho Bank, Ltd as the Account Bank 
 CCH 8-K 10.4 6/22/2022 10.4 Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated May 22, 2018, among Cheniere CCH HoldCo I, LLC and Soci t G n rale as Security Trustee 
 CCH 8-K 10.4 5/24/2018 10.5 Amended and Restated Equity Contribution Agreement, dated May 22, 2018, among the Company and Cheniere 
 CCH 8-K 10.5 5/24/2018 10.6 Second Amended and Restated Working Capital Facility Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among t he Company , CCP, Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC, CCL, the lenders party thereto from time to time, the issuing banks party thereto from time to time, the swing line lenders party thereto from time to time, The Bank of Nova Scotia as Working Capital Facility Agent and Soci t G n rale as Security Trustee 
 CCH 8-K 10.2 6/22/2022 10.7 Fixed Price Separated Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project, dated March 1, 2022, by and between C CL Stage III and Bechtel Energy Inc 
 CEI 10-Q 10.1 5/4/2022 10.8 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project, dated March 1, 2022, by and between CCL Stage III and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00001 Maintaining Elevated Ground Flare Option, dated March 28, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00002 Package 7 Pre-Investment of Trains 8 and 9 (Without Site Work), dated April 29, 2022 and (iii) the Change Order CO-00003 Modifications to Insurance Language, dated June 13, 2022 (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted.) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.6 8/4/2022 10.9 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project, dated March 1, 2022, by and between CCL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00004 Currency Conversion, dated June 27, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00005 Fuel Adjustment, dated July 15, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00006 Removal of Laydown Yard Scope Option, dated August 2, 2022, (iv) the Change Order CO-00007 Removal of Air Bridges Scope Option, dated August 22, 2022, (v) the Change Order CO-00008 Acid Gas Flare K/O Drum, dated August 16, 2022, and (vi) the Change Order CO-00009 Package 7A (Without Site Work), dated August 16, 2022 (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted.) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.1 11/3/2022 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.10 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project, dated March 1, 2022, by and between CCL and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-000010 Insurance Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment, dated September 13, 2022 and (ii) the Change Order CO-000011 Package 6 Descope and Transfer to Owner, dated September 14, 2022 (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted) 
 10.11 Operation and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2015, among Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC and CCL 
 CCH S-4 10.14 1/5/2017 10.12 Operation and Maintenance Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2015, among Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC and CCP 
 CCH S-4 10.15 1/5/2017 10.13 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated April 1, 2014, between CCL (Seller) and Endesa Generaci n, S.A. (Buyer) 
 Cheniere 8-K 10.1 4/2/2014 10.14 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated April 7, 2014, between CCL (Seller) and Endesa S.A. (Buyer) 
 Cheniere 8-K 10.1 4/8/2014 10.15 Assignment and Amendment Agreement, dated April 7, 2014, among Endesa Generaci n S.A., Endesa S.A. and CCL 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.3 5/1/2014 10.16 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated July 23, 2015, between Endesa S.A. (Buyer) and CCL (Seller) 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.9 10/30/2015 10.17 Amendment No. 2 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated July 23, 2015, between Endesa S.A. (Buyer) and CCL (Seller) 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.10 10/30/2015 10.18 Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated March 20, 2015, between CCL (Seller) and PT Pertamina (Persero) (Buyer) 
 Cheniere 10-Q 10.5 4/30/2015 10.19 Amendment No. 1, dated February 4, 2016, to Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB) between CCL and PT Pertamina (Persero), dated March 20, 2015 
 CCH S-4 10.22 1/5/2017 10.20 Amendment No. 2 of Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, between CCL and PT Pertamina (Persero) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.1 11/1/2019 10.21 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated June 2, 2014, between CCL (Seller) and Gas Natural Fenosa LNG SL (subsequently assigned to Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited) (Buyer) 
 Cheniere 8-K 10.1 6/2/2014 10.22 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated February 27, 2018, between CCL (Seller) and Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited (Buyer) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.5 5/4/2018 10.23 Second Amended and Restated Base LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated June 15, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CCH 8-K 10.6 6/22/2022 10.24 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (EOG Early IPM), dated December 30, 2019, between CCL (Seller) and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (Buyer) 
 CCH 10-K 10.34 2/25/2020 10.25 Letter Agreement regarding changes to the EOG Early IPM SPA, dated November 1, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP 
 CCH 10-Q 10.50 11/3/2022 10.26 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (ARC), dated June 15, 2022, between C CL Stage III and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CCH 8-K 10.50 6/22/2022 10.27 Letter Agreement regarding changes to the ARC IPM SPA, dated November 1, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP 
 CCH 10-Q 10.40 11/3/2022 10.28 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (Apache Corporation), dated June 15, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP 
 CCH 10-Q 10.20 11/3/2022 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.29 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (EOG Resources, Inc.), dated June 15, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP 
 CCH 10-Q 10.30 11/3/2022 10.30 Letter agreement, dated May 2, 2022, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated November 28, 2014, between CCL and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CCH 10-Q 10.10 5/4/2022 10.31 Shipping Services Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, between C CL Stage III and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 CCH 8-K 10.70 6/22/2022 10.32 Shipping Services Agreement in relation to the CPC SPA, dated November 1, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted.) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.60 11/3/2022 10.33 Shipping Services Agreement in relation to the Foran SPA, dated November 1, 2022, between CCL and Cheniere Marketin g International LLP (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted.) 
 CCH 10-Q 10.70 11/3/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 22.1 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 CCH S-4 22.1 7/14/2020 31.1 Certification by President and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 32.1 Certification by President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 (1) Exhibits are incorporated by reference to reports of Cheniere (SEC File No. 001-16383) and CCH (SEC File No. 333-215435), as applicable. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 (c) Financial statements of affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral 
 
 All financial statements have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information has been included elsewhere within this Form 10-K. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Current expected credit losses on receivables and contract assets Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Current expected credit losses on receivables and contract assets 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (in millions) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC By: /s/ Zach Davis Zach Davis President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Zach Davis Manager, President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) February 22, 2023 Zach Davis /s/ Corey Grindal Manager February 22, 2023 Corey Grindal /s/ David Slack Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 David Slack 
 76 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 exhibit1010cch2022form4thq.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

Exhibit 10.10 
 indicates certain identified information has been excluded because it is both (a) not material and (b) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 
 CHANGE ORDER 
 
 INSURANCE PROVISIONAL SUM INTERIM ADJUSTMENT 
 
 PROJECT NAME Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project 
 
 OWNER Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Energy Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT March 1, 2022 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBER CO-00010 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORDER September 13, 2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows (attach additional documentation if necessary) 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 7.1(D) of the Agreement and Section 5.2B of Attachment GG of the Agreement, the Parties agree this Change Order amends the Insurance Provisional Sum amount to reflect the Anticipated Actual Insurance Cost. 
 
 2. Prior to this Change Order the Insurance Provisional Sum in Section 5.2 of Attachment GG of the Agreement was Seventy-Six Million, Four Hundred and Ninety-Four Thousand U.S. Dollars (U.S. 76,494,000). The Insurance Provisional Sum is hereby increased by Seven Million, Four Hundred and Seventy-One, Four Hundred and Nineteen U. S. Dollars (U.S. 7,471,419) and the new Insurance Provisional Sum as amended by this Change Order shall be Eighty-Three Million, Nine Hundred and Sixty-Five Thousand, Four Hundred and Nineteen U.S. Dollars (U.S. 83,965,419). 
 
 3. The cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit 1 of this Change Order. 
 
 4. Schedule C-1 Aggregate Labor and Skills Price Milestone Payment Schedule of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone listed in Exhibit 2 of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 1. The original Contract Price was............................................................................................................. 
 5,484,000,000 2. Net change by previously authorized Change Orders (# CO-00001 - CO-00009) .............................. (5,363,945) 3. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was ............................................................................. 5,478,636,055 4. The Aggregate Equipment Price will be (unchanged) by this Change Order in the amount of ........... 5. The Aggregate Labor and Skills Price will be (unchanged) by this Change order in the amount of ... 6. The Aggregate Provisional Equipment Price will be (increased) by this Change Order in the amount of .................................................................................................................................................. 7. The Aggregate Provisional Sum Labor and Skills Price will be (increased) by this Change Order in the amount of ....................... 8. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be ...... 5,486,107,474 
 The following dates are modified (list all dates modified insert N A if no dates modified) N A 
 
 Impact to other Changed Criteria (insert N A if no changes or impact attach additional documentation if necessary) 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule Yes see Exhibit 2 of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees N A 

Adjustment to Basis of Design N A 
 Adjustment to Attachment CC (Equipment List) To be updated on a quarterly basis 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 

CORPUS CHRISTI LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 By s David Craft Name David Craft Title SVP E&C 

BECHTEL ENERGY INC. 
 By s Steven Smith Name Steven Smith Title Senior Project Manager and Principal Vice President 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 PACKAGE 6 DESCOPE AND TRANSFER TO OWNER 
 
 PROJECT NAME Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage 3 Project OWNER Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Energy Inc. 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT March 1, 2022 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00011 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER Sept 14, 2022 
 
 The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows (attach additional documentation if necessary) 
 
 1. In accordance with Owner s instructions prescribed in correspondence CCLIQ3-BE-C22-031 dated September 7 th 2022 regarding Package 6 of Attachment NN Scoping Adjustment of the Agreement, Parties agree 
 
 a) Package 6 is descoped from the Agreement, and responsibility for remaining Package 6 scope transfers to Owner 
 b) Contractor shall transfer to Owner existing Package 6 Work Product 
 c) Contractor shall retain and invoice for costs already expended preparing existing Package 6 Work Product and 
 d) A separate Change Order shall be prepared to amend the Contract Price to include piping interfaces between the Feed Gas pipeline scope and the facility. 
 
 2. Prior to this Change Order the portion of Contract Price for Package 6 Package 6 Contract Price was Thirty-Seven Million, Two Hundred and Twenty-One Thousand, Seven Hundred and Eighty-Six U.S. Dollars (U.S. 37,221,786). The Package 6 Contract Price is hereby reduced by Thirty-Six Million, Eight Hundred and Fourteen Thousand, Six Hundred and Sixty-Six U.S. Dollars (U.S. 36,814,666) the Package 6 Contract Price as amended by this Change Order shall be Four Hundred and Seven Thousand, One Hundred and Twenty U.S. Dollars (U.S. 407,120). 
 
 3. The cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit 1 of this Change Order. 
 
 4. Schedules C-1 Aggregate Labor and Skills Price Monthly Payment Schedule and C-3 Aggregate Equipment Price Payment Milestones of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone listed in Exhibit 2 of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 1. The original Contract Price was ..................... 5,484,000,000 2. Net change by previously authorized Change Orders (# CO-00001 CO-00010) ... 2,107,474 3. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was ............... 5,486,107,474 4. The Aggregate Equipment Price will be (decreased) by this Change Order in the amount of .......... 5. The Aggregate Labor and Skills Price will be (decreased) by this Change Order in the amount of.. 6. The Aggregate Provisional Sum Equipment Price will be (unchanged) by this Change Order in the amount of ... 7. The Aggregate Provisional Sum Labor and Skills Price will be (unchanged) by this Change Order in the amount of ................ 8. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be ................................... 5,449,292,808 

The following dates are modified (list all dates modified insert N A if no dates modified) N A 
 
 Impact to other Changed Criteria (insert N A if no changes or impact attach additional documentation if necessary) 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule Yes see Exhibit 2 of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees N A 
 Adjustment to Basis of Design N A 
 Adjustment to Attachment CC (Equipment List) To be updated on a quarterly basis 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 

CORPUS CHRISTI LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 By s David Craft Name David Craft Title SVP E&C 

BECHTEL ENERGY INC. 
 By s Steven Smith Name Steven Smith Title Senior Project Manager and Principal Vice President 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211cch2022form10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Cheniere Corpus Christi Pipeline, L.P. Delaware Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC Delaware Corpus Christi Pipeline GP, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311cch2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 I, Zach Davis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321cch2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zach Davis, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Corpus Christi Holdings, LLC 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cch-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cch-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cch-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cch-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cch-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

