<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1784567_0001784567-23-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30227062</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>359273</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>21380223</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3565387</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2537372</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2179360</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001784567-23-000033.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331132809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001784567-23-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		168
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Harbor Custom Development, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784567
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				464827436
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39266
		FILM NUMBER:		23786226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11505 BURNHAM DR. NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			GIG HARBOR
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98332
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2536490636

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11505 BURNHAM DR. NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			GIG HARBOR
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98332

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001784567-23-000033.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 hcdi-20221231.htm
 10-K

hcdi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 S ecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for 
 the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
 registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or 
 revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 27.80 for shares of the Registrant s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be 
 affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of March 28, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 27 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 68 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction That Prevents Inspections 
 68 
 PART III 
 69 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 73 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 85 
 PART IV 
 86 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 86 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 87 
 SIGNATURES 
 88 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of specific projects and our future construction, revenues, income, cost of sales, expenses, and capital spending. Our forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, intend, anticipate, potential, plan, goal, foresee, likely, target, may, should, could, or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report speak only as of the date of this document, and we disclaim any obligation to update these statements unless required by law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory, and other risks, contingencies, and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Moreover, we operate in a very highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained herein. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference and have filed as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 The following factors, among others, may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements: 
 
 economic changes either nationally or in the markets in which we operate, including declines in employment, continued increases of mortgage interest rates, and inflation; 
 downturn in the homebuilding industry; 
 changes in assumptions used to make industry forecasts; 
 volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets; 
 our future operating results and financial condition; 
 our business operations; 
 changes in our business and investment strategy; 
 availability of land to acquire and our ability to acquire such land on favorable terms or at all; 
 availability, terms, and deployment of capital; 
 shortages of or increased prices for labor, land, or raw materials used in housing construction; 
 delays in land development or home construction resulting from adverse weather conditions or other events outside our control; 
 the cost and availability of insurance and surety bonds; 
 changes in, or the failure or inability to comply with, governmental laws and regulations; 
 the timing of receipt of regulatory approvals and the opening of projects; 
 the degree and nature of our competition; 
 our leverage and debt service obligations; 
 general volatility of the capital markets; 
 availability of qualified personnel and our ability to retain our key personnel; 
 our financial performance; 
 our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; and 
 additional factors discussed under the sections Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Our Business. 

PART I 
 Throughout this Annual Report, references to the Company, HCDI, we, us, and our refer to Harbor Custom Development, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Our Company 
 
 Harbor Custom Development, Inc. is a real estate development company involved in all aspects of the land development cycle, including land acquisition, entitlements, development, construction of project infrastructure, single and multi-family vertical construction, marketing, and sales of various residential projects in Washington, California, Texas, and Florida. 
 
 As a land developer and builder of apartments, single-family luxury homes, and townhomes, our business strategy is to acquire and develop land strategically based on an understanding of population growth patterns, entitlement restrictions and land use evaluation, infrastructure development, and geo-economic forces. We endeavor to acquire land with scenic views or convenient access to freeways and public transportation to develop and sell residential lots, new home communities, townhomes, and multi-story apartment properties within a 20- to 60-minute commute of some of the nation's fastest-growing metro employment corridors. 
 
 Our portfolio of land, lots, home plans, and entitled multi-family plats, coupled with low inventory of residential and multi-family housing in our principal geographic areas, provide an opportunity for us to increase revenue and overall market share. In addition to our single-family residential projects, we build and sell townhomes and apartments and have completed or substantially completed construction of several multi-family sites in Washington. (See Item 2. Properties.) 
 
 In an effort to strategically manage the expanding needs of our corporate team, we signed a lease on October 5, 2021, for a new office space in Tacoma, Washington, and moved our headquarters in the second quarter of 2022. This office space is designed with a hybrid workforce in mind and takes into account employment trends that arose after the COVID-19 global pandemic, specifically the increase in hybrid or remote employees. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, our total revenues were 55.4 million and 72.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, our backlogs of fully executed contracts for the sale of developed residential lots and single-family homes were 8.4 million and 13.7 million, respectively. Our fee build backlogs as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, were 0.8 million and 10.0 million, respectively. 
 
 It is customary for us to sign purchase and sale agreements containing a due diligence period which allows us time, usually between 60 and 120 days, to evaluate the acquisition. However, in many cases, the closing will not occur until the entitlement and permitting processes are complete which can further extend the due diligence period. At times, through our due diligence efforts, we find the property is not suitable for purchase due to economic forces, zoning issues, or other matters. If we determine that a property is not suitable for our desired purposes, we terminate the purchase and sale agreement. After termination within the due diligence period, our earnest money is returned to us. 
 
 We are a general contractor and construct single-family homes, townhomes, and apartments utilizing a base of employees in conjunction with third-party subcontractors. 
 
 As of March 28, 2023, we own or control 23 communities in Washington, Texas, California, and Florida, containing approximately 2,700 lots in various stages of development. 
 
 Entitled Land, Developed Lot, and Home Sales 
 
 In 2022, we had two entitled land sales and sold 33 developed lots and 27 homes. The two entitled land sales represented 14 of total revenue in 2022. The 33 developed lot sales represented 17 of total revenue in 2022. Our 2022 home sales represented 52 of total revenue, and home selling prices ranged from 0.7 million to 1.7 million. 
 
 In 2021, we had three entitled land sales and sold 157 developed lots and 30 homes. The three entitled land sales represented 29 of total revenue in 2021. The 157 developed lot sales represented 37 of total revenue in 2021. Our 2021 home sales represented 24 of total revenue and home selling prices ranged from 0.5 million to 0.8 million. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 Our strategy is driven by the following: 
 1 

Offer Diversified Product Portfolio from Single to Multi-family Communities 
 
 Our expertise allows for a diversified product strategy that enables us to better serve a wide range of buyers, adapt quickly to changing market conditions, and optimize performance and returns while strategically reducing portfolio risk. We are equipped to build to the surrounding communities' needs, including single-family homes, townhomes, and apartments. This flexible business model allows us to target a wide and diverse range of customers, from those looking at lower-income housing options through apartments to those seeking entry-level through luxury single-family homes. 
 
 Provide Superior Quality and an Excellent Homeowner Experience 
 
 Our operating philosophy is to provide our homeowners a positive and memorable experience. We seek to maximize customer satisfaction by offering beautiful homes built with quality materials and exceptional craftsmanship, thoughtfully designed floor plans, and located within a 20- to 60-minute commute from major metropolitan areas. We engineer our homes for energy-efficiency, which reduces the homeowner s environmental impact and energy costs. Our competitive edge in the selling process focuses on the home s features, design, and premium locations with scenic views. Our goal is to not just build houses, but to create desirable communities through superior design, location, and execution. 
 
 New homebuyers needs are met across multiple communities and price points by maintaining a substantial inventory of ready-to-build lots and designer home plans. From move-up buyers needing more space for their growing families or 1.5 million-plus luxury homes, our business model enables buyers to overcome inventory shortages and pricing challenges in high-growth metropolitan markets. 
 
 Provide Diverse Products for Multi-family Living with Superior Quality 
 
 The significant appreciation in rental rates over the past year, combined with relatively low inventory of rental housings in our target markets, have created a substantial opportunity to expand shareholder value utilizing the multi-family vertical space. In light of this opportunity, we began a strategic transition of our inventory into multi-family housing in 2021 with the understanding the active U.S. housing market over the past few years would eventually slow down. As the first three of our multi-family properties are now at or near substantial completion, we believe we are adequately poised to realize the benefits of this strategic transition. 
 
 Our product-agnostic building model provides us the flexibility to accommodate the current rapidly changing market conditions and related risks. We are equipped to build to the surrounding communities needs, from, move-up and luxury homebuyers, or renters looking for an apartment to institutional investors searching for large tracts of entitled land, developed lots, or multi-family apartment projects. This flexible business model provides a competitive advantage and differentiates us from our peers. 
 
 Our inventory of entitled multi-family communities located 20-to-60 minutes from major metropolitan employment corridors, coupled with a low inventory of rental, move-up and luxury residential housing in our principal geographic areas, currently provide an opportunity to increase revenue and overall market share. 
 
 Focus on Efficient Operations 
 
 We strive to control costs through a disciplined planning process. Detailed budgets are prepared for all cost categories. Budgets are closely monitored throughout the building process as we continue to revisit and update the budget on an ongoing basis. Many components are provided by subcontractors and significant effort is expended to assure that scopes of work are complete and inclusive. Contract variances and change orders are closely scrutinized for appropriateness. At the sale and closing of each home in a project, the estimated and final margins are compared, and variances are identified and investigated to better control costs on future homes in the project. We believe our disciplined process of setting realistic budgets and expectations, monitoring, and evaluating them and making any necessary adjustments to correct deviations going forward enables us to prudently control our costs. 
 
 Strategic Partnerships/Cost Control 
 
 Our business model is flexible and facilitates partnering with companies that specialize in their local markets, including residential builders, general contractors, and land developers. By partnering with these specialists, our cost structure can be closely managed. Further, all internal shared services are centralized at our corporate office in Washington. Centralized functions include accounting, finance, operations, legal, human resources, information technology, transaction coordination, and permitting. Centralizing these essential functions keeps our infrastructure costs under tight control. 
 
 2 

Our Markets 
 
 Our business strategy is focused on the acquisition of land for development purposes and the design, construction, and sale of residential lots, single-family homes, townhomes, and apartments in Washington, California, Florida, and Texas. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 We offer a diverse portfolio of finished lots, single-family homes and multi-family communities, including townhomes, and apartments. Being product-agnostic provides us great flexibility to maintain appropriate consumer product and price level diversification for our specific markets. We focus on underserved consumer groups for each of our locations while attempting to diversify as to not overly concentrate our land portfolio in any one area. Building at multiple price points enables us to quickly adjust to changing consumer and market demands. Buyer profiles are developed for each market, and our communities are designed with the specific needs of those buyers in mind. 
 
 Land Acquisition and Development Process 
 
 We execute an integrated business model to monetize land during three distinct stages of the development cycle. As a result, risks may be mitigated by providing multiple exit points for our real estate assets. 
 
 Sale of Entitled Land Property sold following the controlling jurisdiction s approval of a permitted residential use or other use, as applicable. 
 Sale of Developed Lots - Property sold after infrastructure is completed, including roads, sidewalks, and utilities. 
 Sale of Completed Building Product Property sold following the construction of a single-family home, townhome, or apartment. 
 
 We also provide services as fee build revenues to construct the required infrastructure so that houses can be developed on the lots. 
 
 Our acquisition process generally includes the following steps to reduce development and market cycle risk: 
 
 review of the status of entitlements and other governmental processing, including title reviews; 
 complete due diligence on the land parcel prior to committing to the acquisition; 
 prepare detailed budgets for all cost categories; 
 complete environmental reviews and third-party market studies; and 
 evaluate economic feasibility within the context of the above strategies. 
 Before purchasing large land tracts, we often engage outside engineers and consultants to help review the proposed acquisition and assist with community and home design. 
 
 Home Building, Marketing, and Sales Process 
 
 Our philosophy is to develop beautiful and practical living spaces for the growing communities we serve. Our strategy is to acquire land with scenic views or convenient access to freeways and public transportation to develop and sell residential lots, new home communities, and multi-story apartment properties within a 20- to 60-minute commute of the nation s fastest-growing metro employment corridors. 
 
 Since our founding in 2014, we are dedicated to building quality homes with thoughtful design. Our floorplans support the modern family s lifestyle by providing flexible spaces, outdoor living, one-story homes, main-floor living with master bedroom suites on the first floor, and luxury finishes to appeal to universal design needs. Our homes are engineered for energy-efficiency to reduce impact on the environment and lower energy costs to our homebuyers. 
 
 Our multi-family construction often offers comparable finishes to a new construction home, featuring quartz countertops, stainless steel kitchen appliances, in-unit washer and dryer, and premium flooring. The floorplans are designed to support the communities we serve, including but not limited to, studios, one bedroom with one bath, two bedrooms with two baths, and a loft feature. Many communities offer recreational buildings for tenants to gather with neighbors, and entertain their families. 
 
 We utilize strategic partnerships with local real estate brokers and property management companies who specialize in their local markets. These partnerships keep our cost structure low while leveraging local market expertise. We sell our homes, land, and apartments through independent real estate brokers and sales representatives who assist potential buyers by providing them with basic floor plans, price information, development and construction timetables, and property tours. We 
 3 

rent our multi-family properties through property management companies who assist potential renters by providing them with floor plans, pricing information, tours of the apartments, and screening and processing applications. 
 
 Our marketing objective is to increase leads for potential homebuyers and tenants through strategic and dynamic marketing campaigns, including weekend and offsite signage, streaming and cable TV ads, printed collateral, public relations, and comprehensive digital marketing ads across various social media platforms and Google. 
 
 The home building revenues are recognized when home sales are finished, closed, and title and possession are transferred to the buyer. Our sales contracts typically require an earnest money deposit. Buyers are generally required to pay an additional deposit when they select options or upgrades for their homes. The amount of earnest money required varies between markets and communities but typically averages approximately 2.5 of the home s total purchase price. Most of our sales contracts stipulate when homebuyers cancel their contracts with us, following a specified period of time, we have the right to retain their earnest money and option deposits. Our sales contracts may also include contingencies that permit homebuyers to cancel and receive a partial or full refund of their deposits if they cannot obtain mortgage financing at prevailing or specified interest rates within a specified time period or if they cannot sell an existing home. The length of time between the signing of a sales contract for a home and delivery of the house to the buyer varies depending on customer preferences, permit approval, and construction cycles. 
 
 Our multi-family communities are constructed to satisfy market demand for available rental housing, and construction is generally facilitated when financing is secured. We begin renting the units once we have acquired occupancy permits with the intention to sell the project during construction or upon complete build-out of the project and rental stabilization. 
 
 Customer Relations, Quality Control, and Warranty Programs 
 
 We pay particular attention to the product design process and carefully consider the quality and choice of materials to reduce building deficiencies. The quality and workmanship of the subcontractors we employ are monitored with regular inspections and evaluations, seeking to ensure all standards are met. 
 
 We maintain quality control and customer service staff whose role includes providing a positive experience for each customer throughout the pre-sale, sale, building, closing, and post-closing periods. We also provide post-sale customer support. Our quality and service initiatives include providing purchasers with a comprehensive walk-through of their home or apartment prior to closing. 
 
 Warranty Programs 
 
 We provide each homeowner with product warranties covering workmanship and materials for one year from the time of closing and warranties covering structural systems for six years from the time of closing in connection with our general liability insurance policy. We believe our warranty program meets or exceeds terms customarily offered in the home building industry. The subcontractors who perform services also provide us with customary warranties on their workmanship. 
 
 Materials 
 
 When constructing our projects, we use various materials and components. The typical build time for our single-family homes is six to 12 months, and for our multi-family communities is 18 to 24 months, during which time materials are subject to price fluctuations. Such price fluctuations are caused by several factors, including seasonal variations in availability, international trade disputes and resulting tariffs, and increased demand for materials due to the improved market. The current state of the global supply chain and inflation has increased and may continue to increase our costs for certain materials, such as quartz slabs for countertops, finished hardware, lighting fixtures, appliances, and engineered hardwood used in residential flooring. 
 
 Our material suppliers are subcontractors that are licensed, bonded, and insured. Each subcontractor provides a bid for the materials and work required and is awarded a contract based on price, reputation, and ability to meet our time frames. 
 
 Our material suppliers provide us with credit terms for materials used in the construction of our projects. Credit terms typically range from a 30 to 60-day payment cycle following the delivery or installation of a product or service. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 We experience seasonal variations in our quarterly operating results and capital requirements. We typically experience the highest new home order activity in the spring and summer, although this activity also highly depends on the number of 
 4 

active selling communities, the timing of new community openings, and other market factors. Since it typically takes six to 12 months to construct a new home, we generally deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home orders convert to home deliveries. Because of this seasonality, home starts, construction costs, and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters, and the majority of cash receipts from home deliveries occur during the second half of the year. We expect this seasonal pattern to continue over the long-term, although it may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry. 
 
 While the leasing side of multi-family communities can experience some seasonality during the winter holiday months, the construction side typically doesn t show seasonality patterns. The building process typically takes 18 to 24 months, depending on the size of the project, the site development scope, and other project or market factors. 
 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 
 We are subject to numerous local, state, federal, and other statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning zoning, development, building design, construction, and similar matters which impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can eventually be built within the boundaries of a particular area. Projects that are not entitled may be subject to periodic delays, changes in use, less intensive development, or elimination of development in certain specific areas due to government regulations. We may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing in certain communities due to building moratoriums or slow-growth or no-growth initiatives that could be implemented in the future. Local and state governments also have broad discretion regarding the imposition of development fees for projects in their jurisdiction. Projects for which we have received land use and development entitlements or approvals may still require a variety of other governmental approvals and permits during the development process and can also be impacted adversely by unforeseen health, safety, and welfare issues, which can further delay these projects or prevent their development. 
 
 We are also subject to a variety of local, state, federal, and other statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning the environment. The particular environmental laws which apply to any given construction site vary according to the site s location, its environmental conditions, and the present and former uses of the site, as well as adjoining properties. Environmental laws and conditions may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict building activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. From time to time, the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA and similar federal or state agencies review builders compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties for failure to strictly comply with applicable environmental laws or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past failures. Any such actions imposed on us may increase our costs. Environmental regulations can also have an adverse impact on the availability and price of certain raw materials such as lumber. 
 
 Under various environmental laws, current or former owners of real estate, as well as certain other categories of parties, may be required to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation and remediation costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. In addition, in cases where an endangered species is involved, environmental rules and regulations can result in the elimination of development in identified environmentally sensitive areas. To date, we have not experienced material loss related to an environmental matter. 
 
 Competition and Market Factors 
 
 We face competition in the homebuilding industry, which is characterized by relatively low barriers to entry. Homebuilders compete for, among other things, homebuying customers, desirable land parcels, financing, raw materials, and skilled labor. Increased competition may prevent us from acquiring attractive land parcels on which to build homes, apartments, townhomes, or deliver finished lots, make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder our market share expansion, or lead to pricing pressures that may adversely impact our margins and revenues. Competitors may independently develop land and construct housing units that are superior or substantially similar to our products and because they are or may be significantly larger, have a longer operating history, and have greater resources or lower cost of capital than us, may be able to compete more effectively in one or more of the markets in which we operate or plan to operate. We also compete with other homebuilders with longer-standing relationships with subcontractors and suppliers in the markets in which we operate or plan to operate. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of March 28, 2023, we had 41 full-time employees; six of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 5 

Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and reward personnel through the granting of equity-based compensation awards in order to increase shareholder value and the success of our business by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.harborcustomdev.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other publicly filed documents, including all exhibits filed therewith, are available and may be accessed free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website under the SEC Filings subsection, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC at www.sec.gov. Also available through the Investor Relations section of our website are reports filed by our directors and executive officers on Forms 3, 4, and 5, and amendments to those reports. Our website and included or linked information on our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Additionally, some statements herein constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Business and Industry Risks: 
 
 We are subject to demand fluctuations in the housing market and the homebuilding industry. The recent decline in demand in the housing market may continue or decline further. Any continuation in the recent decline in demand or any further decline in demand for our homes or in the homebuilding industry generally may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Demand for our homes is subject to fluctuations, often due to factors outside of our control. We cannot predict whether and to what extent the housing markets in the geographic areas in which we operate will grow, particularly if interest rates for mortgage loans, land costs, and construction costs continue to rise. Currently, we believe we are in a housing market downturn, since demand for our homes has decreased; our revenues and results of operations have been adversely affected; we have had significant inventory impairments and other write-offs; our gross margins have declined significantly from historical levels; and we incurred substantial losses from operations. Demand began softening during the second quarter of 2022 and continued to decline in the third and fourth quarters of 2022 primarily due to inflationary pricing, rapidly rising interest rates for mortgage loans, and high construction costs. Other factors that have impacted and may continue to impact the homebuilding industry include uncertainty in domestic and international financial, credit and consumer lending markets amid slow economic growth or recessionary conditions in various regions or industries around the world, tight lending standards and practices for mortgage loans that limit consumers ability to qualify for mortgage financing to purchase a home, including increased minimum credit score requirements, credit risk/mortgage loan insurance premiums and/or other fees and required down payment amounts, higher home prices, more conservative appraisals, changing consumer preferences, decreased consumer confidence, higher loan-to-value ratios and extensive buyer income and asset documentation requirements, changes to mortgage regulations, slower rates of population growth or population decline in our markets, Federal Reserve policy changes, and other factors, including those described elsewhere in this Report. At any particular time, we cannot accurately predict whether housing market conditions existing at that time will continue. 
 
 If there is limited economic growth, declines in employment and consumer income, changes in consumer behavior, and/or tightening of mortgage lending standards, practices and regulation in the geographic areas in which we operate, or if interest rates for mortgage loans continue to rise, there could likely be a corresponding adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, the number of homes we sell, our average sales price per home closed, cancellations of home purchase contracts and the amount of revenues or profits we generate, and such effect may be material. 
 
 6 

Regional factors affecting the homebuilding industry in our current markets could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our business strategy is focused on the acquisition of suitable land and the design, construction, and sale of residential housing in Washington, California, Texas, and Florida. A prolonged economic downturn in one or more of these areas, or a particular industry that is fundamental to one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. If adverse conditions in these markets develop in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, if buyer demand for new homes in these markets decreases, home prices could decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our industry is cyclical and adverse changes in general and local economic conditions could reduce the demand for homes and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Our business can be substantially affected by adverse changes in general economic or business conditions that are outside of our control, including changes in short-term and long-term interest rates; employment levels and job and personal income growth; housing demand from population growth, household formation and other demographic changes, among other factors; availability and pricing of mortgage financing for homebuyers; consumer confidence generally and the confidence of potential homebuyers in particular; consumer spending; financial system and credit market stability; private party and government mortgage loan programs (including changes in FHA, USDA, VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac conforming mortgage loan limits, credit risk/mortgage loan insurance premiums and/or other fees, down payment requirements and underwriting standards), and federal and state regulation, oversight and legal action regarding lending, appraisal, foreclosure and short sale practices; federal and state personal income tax rates and provisions, including provisions for the deduction of mortgage loan interest payments, real estate taxes and other expenses; supply of and prices for available new or resale homes (including lender-owned homes); interest of financial institutions or other businesses in purchases; and real estate taxes. Adverse changes in these conditions may affect our business nationally or may be more prevalent or concentrated in particular submarkets in which we operate. Inclement weather, natural disasters (such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, prolonged periods of precipitation, droughts, and fires), other calamities and other environmental conditions can delay the delivery of our homes and/or increase our costs. Civil unrest or acts of terrorism can also have a negative effect on our business. If the homebuilding industry experiences a significant or sustained downturn, it would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in future years. The potential difficulties described above can cause demand and prices for our homes to fall or cause us to take longer and incur more costs to develop the land and build our homes. We may not be able to recover these increased costs by raising prices because of market conditions. The potential difficulties described above could also lead some homebuyers to cancel or refuse to honor their home purchase contracts altogether. 
 
 Tightening of mortgage lending standards and mortgage financing requirements, untimely or incomplete mortgage loan originations for our homebuyers and rising mortgage interest rates could adversely affect the availability of mortgage loans for potential purchasers of our homes and thereby materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Almost all of our customers finance their home purchases through lenders that provide mortgage financing. Mortgage interest rates have generally trended downward for the last several decades and reached historic lows in the prior year which has made the homes we sell more affordable. However, the interest rates have significantly jumped in the recent year. When mortgage interest rates increase, the ability of prospective homebuyers to finance home purchases may be adversely affected, and, as a result, our operating results may be significantly negatively impacted. Our homebuilding activities are dependent upon the availability of mortgage financing to homebuyers, which is expected to be impacted by continued regulatory changes and fluctuations in the risk appetites of lenders. The financial documentation, down payment amounts and income to debt ratio requirements are subject to change and could become more restrictive. The federal government has a significant role in supporting mortgage lending through its conservatorship of Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), both of which purchase or insure mortgage loans and mortgage loan-backed securities, and its insurance of mortgage loans through or in connection with the Federal Housing Administration FHA ), the Veterans Administration VA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ). FHA and USDA backing of mortgage loans has been particularly important to the mortgage finance industry and to our business. If either the FHA or USDA raised their down payment requirements or lowered maximum loan amounts, our business could be materially affected. Increased lending volume and losses insured by the FHA have resulted in a reduction of the FHA insurance fund. The USDA rural development program provides for zero down payment and 100 financing for homebuyers in qualifying areas. If the USDA program was discontinued or if funding was decreased, then our business could be adversely affected. In addition, if the USDA changed its determination of areas that are eligible to qualify for the program, it could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in governmental regulation with respect to mortgage lenders could adversely affect demand for housing. The availability and affordability of mortgage loans, including mortgage interest rates for such loans, could also be adversely affected by a 
 7 

scaling back or termination of the federal government s mortgage loan-related programs or policies. Because Fannie Mae-, Freddie Mac-, FHA-, USDA- and VA-backed mortgage loans have been an important factor in marketing and selling many of our homes, any limitations, or restrictions in the availability of, or higher consumer costs for, such government-backed financing could adversely affect our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. The elimination or curtailment of state bonds to assist homebuyers could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, certain current regulations impose, and future regulations may strengthen or impose new, standards and requirements relating to the origination, securitization, and servicing of residential consumer mortgage loans, which could further restrict the availability and affordability of mortgage loans and the demand for such loans by financial intermediaries and, as a result, adversely affect our home sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, if, due to credit or consumer lending market conditions, reduced liquidity, increased risk retention or minimum capital level obligations and/or regulatory restrictions related to certain regulations, laws or other factors or business decisions, these lenders refuse or are unable to provide mortgage loans to our homebuyers, or increase the costs to borrowers to obtain such loans, the number of homes we close and our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. First-time homebuyers are generally more affected by the availability of mortgage financing than other potential homebuyers. These homebuyers are a key source of demand for our new homes. A limited availability of suitable mortgage financing may adversely affect the volume and sales price of our home sales. 
 
 Fluctuations in real estate values may require us to write-down the book value of our real estate assets. 
 
 The homebuilding and land development industries are subject to significant variability and fluctuations in real estate values. As a result, we may be required to write-down the book value of our real estate assets in accordance with GAAP, and some of those write-downs could be material. Any material write-downs of assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Factors outside of our business and outside of our control may arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to write down or write off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Further, unexpected risks may arise, and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. Accordingly, our securities could suffer a reduction in value. 
 
 Because real estate is illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when in our best interest. 
 
 Sometimes, real estate may not be sold quickly. The capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. Consequently, we may not be able to alter our inventory promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. All of these factors reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our inventory and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Inflation could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Inflation could adversely affect our business and financial results by increasing the costs of land, raw materials and labor needed to operate our business. If our markets have an oversupply of homes, relative to demand, we may be unable to offset any such increases in costs with corresponding higher sales prices for our homes. During 2022, we experienced the fastest interest rate increase cycle since the 1980s. The Federal Reserve has already made an interest rate increase in 2023 and may again raise interest rates in the near future to combat the effects of inflation. These interest rate increases have adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact potential customers ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, thereby further decreasing demand. If we are unable to raise the prices of our homes to offset the increasing costs of our operations, our margins could decrease. Furthermore, if we need to lower the price of our homes to meet demand, the value of our land inventory may decrease. Inflation may also raise our costs of capital and decrease our purchasing power, making it more difficult to maintain sufficient funds to operate our business. 
 
 8 

Reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs, negatively impacting profitability and our results of operations. 
 
 We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. Depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, financing, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. If the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs, which could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 
 Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. 
 
 We intend to continue to develop multi-family home communities. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. These activities may expose us to the following risks, among others: 
 
 we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities; 
 occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities; 
 we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs, or the delay or abandonment of opportunities; 
 we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs; 
 we may be unable to complete construction of a community on schedule or for the originally projected cost resulting in increased construction and financing costs; 
 we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process; and 
 we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Acts, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance. 
 
 Difficulties with appraisal valuations in relation to the proposed sales price of our homes could force us to reduce the price of our homes for sale. 
 
 Each of our home sales may require an appraisal of the home value before closing. These appraisals are professional judgments of the market value of the property and are based on a variety of market factors. If our internal valuations of the market and pricing do not line up with the appraisal valuations and appraisals are not at or near the agreed upon sales price, we may be forced to reduce the sales price of the home to complete the sale. These appraisal issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our real estate assets. 
 
 Local conditions in our markets significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our properties, and may be adversely affected by the following risks: 
 
 corporate restructurings and/or layoffs, and industry slowdowns; 
 an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes; 
 a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth; 
 the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; and 
 economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance. 
 
 Changes to population growth rates in certain of the markets in which we operate or plan to operate could affect the demand for homes in these regions. 
 
 Slower rates of population growth or population declines in our markets in Washington, California, Texas, Florida, or other key markets in the United States that we may decide to enter in the future, especially as compared to the high population 
 9 

growth rates in prior years, could affect the demand for housing, cause home prices in these markets to fall and adversely affect our plans for growth, business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 A major health and safety incident relating to our business could be costly in terms of potential liabilities and reputational damage. 
 
 Building sites are inherently dangerous and operating in the homebuilding and land development industry poses certain inherent health and safety risks. Due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of projects we work on, health and safety performance is critical to the success of all areas of our business. Any failure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements or litigation, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly in terms of potential liabilities incurred as a result. Such a failure could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation and our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies, governmental authorities, and local communities, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Development of properties entails a lengthy, uncertain, and costly entitlement process. 
 
 Approval to develop real property sometimes requires political support and generally entails an extensive entitlement process involving multiple and overlapping regulatory jurisdictions and often requires discretionary action by local governments. Real estate projects must generally comply with local land development regulations and may need to comply with state and federal regulations. We incur substantial costs to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. An increase in legal and regulatory requirements may cause us to incur substantial additional costs, or in some cases cause us to determine that the property is not feasible for development. In addition, our competitors and residents may challenge our efforts to obtain entitlements and permits for the development of properties. The process to comply with these regulations is usually lengthy and costly, may not result in the approvals we seek and can be expected to materially affect our development activities. 
 
 We cannot make any assurances that our growth or expansion strategies will be successful or not expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We have expanded our business through selected investments in new geographic markets and by diversifying our products in certain markets. Investments in land, finished lots and home inventories can expose us to risks of economic loss and inventory impairments if housing conditions weaken or we are unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategies. We may develop communities in which we build homes, sell acreage home sites as a part of the development, and sell homes. We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify, acquire, or implement these new strategies in the future. Accordingly, any such expansion could expose us to significant risks, beyond those associated with operating our existing business, including understanding and complying with the laws and regulations of new jurisdictions, diversion of our management s attention from ongoing business concerns, and incurrence of unanticipated liabilities and expenses and may materially adversely affect our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive and, if our competitors are more successful or offer better value to customers, it may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive environment that is characterized by competition from a number of other homebuilders and land developers in each geographical market in which we operate. There are relatively low barriers to entry into the homebuilding business. We compete with numerous large national and regional homebuilding companies and with smaller local homebuilders and land developers for, among other things, homebuyers, desirable land parcels, financing, raw materials and skilled management and labor resources. If we are unable to compete effectively in our markets, our business could decline disproportionately to the businesses of our competitors and our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Increased competition could hurt our business by preventing us from acquiring attractive land parcels on which to build homes or making acquisitions more expensive, hindering our market share expansion and causing us to increase selling incentives and reduce prices. Additionally, an oversupply of homes available for sale or a discounting of home prices could materially and adversely affect pricing for homes in the markets in which we operate. We also compete with the resale, or previously owned, home market, the size of which may change significantly as a result of changes in the rate of home foreclosures, which is affected by changes in economic conditions both nationally and locally. We may be at a competitive disadvantage with regard to certain large national and regional homebuilding competitors whose operations are more geographically diversified, as these competitors may be better able to withstand any future regional downturn in the housing market. We compete directly with a number of large national and regional homebuilders that may have longer operating histories and greater financial and operational resources than we do, including a lower cost of capital. Many of these competitors also have longstanding relationships with subcontractors, local governments, and suppliers in the markets in which we operate or in which we may operate in the future. This may give our competitors an advantage in 
 10 

securing materials and labor at lower prices, marketing their products and allowing their homes to be delivered to customers more quickly and at more favorable prices. This competition could reduce our market share and limit our ability to expand our business. 
 
 Our geographic concentration could materially and adversely affect us if the homebuilding industry in our current markets should experience a decline. 
 
 Our current business involves the design, construction, and sale of properties in growing markets in Washington, California, Florida, and Texas. Because our operations are concentrated in these areas, a prolonged economic downturn affecting one or more of these areas, or affecting any sector of employment on which the residents of such area are dependent, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Accordingly, our sales, results of operations, financial condition and business would be negatively impacted by a decline in the economy, the job sector, or the homebuilding industry in the regions in which our operations are concentrated. In addition, our ability to acquire land parcels for new homes may be adversely affected by changes in the general availability of land parcels, the willingness of land sellers to sell land parcels at reasonable prices, competition for available land parcels, availability of financing to acquire land parcels, zoning, and other market conditions. If the supply of land parcels appropriate for development of homes is limited in our markets, or for any other reason, our ability to grow could be significantly limited, and the number of homes that we build, and sell could decline. 
 
 Any joint venture investments that we make could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on the financial condition of our joint venture partners and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. 
 
 We may co-invest in the future with third parties through partnership, joint ventures, or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a land acquisition and/or a development. In this event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the acquisition and/or development, and our investment may be illiquid due to our lack of control. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third-party not involved, including the possibility that our joint venture partners might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, make poor business decisions, or block or delay necessary decisions. Our joint venture partners may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor our joint venture partners would have full control over the land acquisition or development. Disputes between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture partners. 
 
 Natural disasters, severe weather and adverse geological conditions may increase costs, cause project delays, and reduce consumer demand for housing, all of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our homebuilding and development operations are located in many areas that are subject to natural disasters, severe weather or adverse geological conditions. These include, but are not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, floods, brushfires, wildfires, prolonged periods of precipitation, landslides, soil subsidence, earthquakes, and other natural disasters. The occurrence of any of these events could damage our land parcels and projects, cause delays in completion of our projects, reduce consumer demand for housing, and cause shortages and price increases in labor or raw materials, any of which could affect our sales and profitability. In addition to directly damaging our land or projects, many of these natural events could damage roads and highways providing access to our assets or affect the desirability of our land or projects, thereby adversely affecting our ability to market homes or sell land in those areas and possibly increasing the costs of homebuilding completion. Furthermore, the occurrence of natural disasters, severe weather and other adverse geological conditions has increased in recent years due to climate change and may continue to increase in the future. Climate change may have the effect of making the risks described above occur more frequently and more severely, which could amplify the adverse impact on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. There are some risks of loss for which we may be unable to purchase insurance coverage. For example, losses associated with hurricanes, landslides, prolonged periods of precipitation, earthquakes and other weather-related and geologic events may not be insurable and other losses, such as those arising from terrorism, may not be economically insurable. A sizeable uninsured loss could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 11 

If we are unable to develop or construct our properties successfully or within expected time-frames, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 It can take some time to generate revenue after we acquire land for developed lots, homes, and multi-family properties. Delays in the development and construction, including delays associated with subcontractors performing the development activities or entitlements, expose us to the risk of changes in market conditions for real estate. A decline in our ability to develop and market our real estate successfully and to generate positive cash flow from these operations in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and on our ability to service our debt and to meet our working capital requirements. 
 
 New and existing laws and regulations or other governmental actions may increase our expenses, limit our operations where we can purchase and build or delay completion of our projects. 
 
 We are subject to numerous local, state, federal and other statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning zoning, development, building design, construction, accessibility, anti-discrimination, and other matters, which, among other things, impose restrictive zoning and density requirements, the result of which is to limit our operations within the boundaries of a particular area. We may encounter issues with entitlement, not identify all entitlement requirements during the pre-development review of a project site, or encounter zoning changes that impact our operations. Projects for which we have not received land use and development entitlements, or approvals may be subjected to periodic delays, changes in use, less intensive development, or elimination of development in certain specific areas due to government regulations. We may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing in certain communities due to building moratoriums or zoning changes. Such moratoriums generally relate to insufficient water supplies, sewage facilities, delays in utility hook-ups, or inadequate road capacity within specific market areas or subdivisions. Local governments also have broad discretion regarding the imposition of development fees for projects in their jurisdiction. Projects for which we have received land use and development entitlements, or approvals may still require a variety of other governmental approvals and permits during the development process and can also be impacted adversely by unforeseen health, safety, and welfare issues, which can further delay these projects or prevent their development. As a result of any of these statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations, the timing of our home sales could be delayed, the number of our home sales could decline and/or our costs could increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which may increase our costs, result in liabilities, limit the areas in which we can operate and delay completion of our projects. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning the environment, hazardous materials, the discharge of pollutants and human health and safety. The particular environmental requirements that apply to any given site vary according to multiple factors, including the site s location, its environmental conditions, the present and former uses of the site, the presence or absence of endangered plants or animals or sensitive habitats, and environmental conditions at adjoining or nearby properties. We may not identify all of these concerns during any pre-acquisition or pre-development review of project sites. Environmental requirements and conditions may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or in areas contaminated by others before we commence development. In some instances, regulators from different governmental agencies do not concur on development, remedial standards or property use restrictions for a project, and the resulting delays or additional costs can be material for a given project. From time to time, the EPA and similar federal, state, or local agencies review land developers and homebuilders compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties, among other sanctions, for failure to strictly comply with applicable environmental laws, including those applicable to control storm water discharges during construction, or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past failures. Any such actions taken with respect to us may increase our costs and result in project delays. Further, we expect that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on land developers and homebuilders in the future. We cannot assure you that environmental, health and safety laws will not change or become more stringent in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations relating to climate change and energy can have an adverse impact on our activities, operations, and profitability and on the availability and price of certain raw materials, such as lumber, steel, and concrete. 
 
 There is a growing concern from advocacy groups and the general public that the emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, and will continue to cause, significant changes in weather patterns and temperatures and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Government mandates, standards and regulations enacted in response to these projected climate change impacts and concerns could result in restrictions on land development in certain areas or 
 12 

increased energy, transportation, and raw material costs. As climate change concerns continue to grow, legislation, regulations, mandates, standards, and other requirements of this nature are expected to continue to be enacted and become costlier for us to comply with. Similarly, energy-related initiatives affect a wide variety of companies throughout the United States and because our operations are heavily dependent on significant amounts of raw materials, such as lumber, steel, and concrete, these initiatives could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability to the extent the manufacturers and suppliers of our materials are burdened with expensive cap and trade or similar energy-related regulations. 
 
 Increases in cancellations of agreements of sale could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our buyers for properties that have not yet been delivered. We typically receive a deposit from our buyers for each property, which is reflected in our backlog, and we generally have the right to retain the deposit if the buyer does not complete the purchase. In some situations, however, a buyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local law, an inability to obtain mortgage financing at prevailing interest rates (including financing arranged or provided by us), an inability to sell the current property, or our inability to complete and deliver the property within the specified time. If mortgage financing becomes less accessible, or if economic conditions deteriorate, buyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Third-party lenders may not complete mortgage loan originations for our homebuyers in a timely manner or at all, which can lead to cancellations and a reduction in the backlog of orders, or significant delays in our closing homes sales and recognizing revenues from those homes. 
 
 Our buyers may obtain mortgage financing for their home purchases from any lender or other provider of their choice, including an unaffiliated lender. If, due to credit or consumer lending market conditions, regulatory requirements, or other factors or business decisions, these lenders refuse or are unable to provide mortgage loans to our buyers, the number of homes that we deliver, and our consolidated financial statements may be materially and adversely affected. We can provide no assurance as to a lenders ability or willingness to complete, in a timely fashion or at all, the mortgage loan originations they start for our homebuyers. Such inability or unwillingness may result in mortgage loan funding issues that slow deliveries of our homes or cause cancellations, which in each case may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. In addition, recent changes to mortgage loan disclosure requirements to consumers may potentially delay lenders completion of the mortgage loan funding process for borrowers. Specifically, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has adopted a rule governing the content and timing of mortgage loan disclosures to borrowers, commonly known as TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosures TRID ). Lender compliance with TRID could result in delays in loan closings and the delivery of homes that materially and adversely affect our financial results and operations. 
 
 Our business and results of operations are dependent on the availability, skill, and performance of subcontractors. 
 
 We engage subcontractors to perform the construction of our single and multifamily homes and, in many cases, to select and obtain the raw materials used in constructing our homes. Accordingly, the timing and quality of our construction depend on the availability and skill of our subcontractors. In addition, as we expand into new markets, we typically must develop new relationships with subcontractors in such markets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in a cost-effective and timely manner, or at all. The inability to contract with skilled subcontractors at reasonable rates on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Despite our quality control and jobsite safety efforts, we may discover from time to time that our subcontractors have engaged in improper construction or safety practices or have installed defective materials in our homes. When we discover these issues, we utilize our subcontractors to repair the homes in accordance with our new home warranty and as required by law. The adverse costs of satisfying our warranty and other legal obligations in these instances may be significant and we may be unable to recover the costs of warranty-related repairs from subcontractors, suppliers, and insurers, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. We may also suffer reputational damage from the actions of subcontractors, which are beyond our control. 
 
 We rely on third-party suppliers and long supply chains, and if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if there is a significant interruption in our supply chains, our ability to timely and efficiently access raw materials that meet our standards for quality could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our ability to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our standards for quality and our need to access products and supplies in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. We may be required to replace a supplier if their products do not meet our quality or safety standards. In addition, our suppliers could discontinue selling products at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or the suppliers control. Our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier who is unwilling or unable to 
 13 

satisfy our requirements with a supplier providing similar products. Our suppliers ability to deliver products may also be affected by financing constraints caused by credit market conditions, which could negatively impact our revenue and cost of products sold, at least until alternate sources of supply are arranged. 
 
 Labor and raw material shortages and price fluctuations could delay or increase the cost of home construction, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The residential construction industry experiences labor and raw material shortages from time to time, including shortages in qualified subcontractors and tradespeople and supplies of insulation, drywall, cement, steel, and lumber. These labor and raw material shortages can be more severe during periods of strong demand for housing, during periods following natural disasters that have a significant impact on existing residential structures or as a result of broader economic or geopolitical disruptions. It is uncertain whether these shortages will continue as is, improve or worsen. In addition, our activities in recently entered markets or those we may choose to enter in the future depends substantially on our ability to source labor and local materials on terms that are favorable to us. Our markets may exhibit a reduced level of skilled labor relative to increased homebuilding demand in these markets. In the event of shortages in labor or raw materials in such markets, local subcontractors, tradespeople, and suppliers may choose to allocate their resources to homebuilders with an established presence in the market and with whom they have longer-standing relationships. Furthermore, the cost of labor and raw materials may also increase during periods of shortage or high inflation. During the economic downturn in 2007 through 2012, a large number of qualified trade partners went out of business or otherwise exited the market into new fields. Price increases could cause delays in and increase our costs of home construction, which we may not be able to recover by raising home prices due to market demand and because the price for each home is typically set prior to its delivery pursuant to the agreement of sale with the homebuyer. In addition, the federal government has, at various times, imposed tariffs on a variety of imports from foreign countries and may impose additional tariffs in the future. Significant tariffs or other restrictions placed on raw materials that we use in our homebuilding operation, such as lumber or steel, could cause the cost of home construction to increase, which we may not be able to recover by raising home prices or which could slow our absorption due to being constrained by market demand. Labor and raw material shortages and price increases for labor and raw materials could cause delays in and increase our costs of home construction, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced delays or increased costs for certain materials, such as cabinets, electrical components, and appliances, which has had a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If the current state of the global supply chain continues, such delays or costs may continue to increase, which may further affect our business. 
 
 New trade policies could make sourcing raw materials from foreign countries more difficult and more costly. 
 
 The federal government from time to time imposes new or increased tariffs or duties on an array of imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of homes, including steel, aluminum, lumber, solar panels and washing machines, and has threatened to impose further tariffs, duties, or trade restrictions on imports. Foreign governments, including China, Russia, and the European Union, have responded by imposing or increasing tariffs, duties, or trade restrictions on U.S. goods, and are reportedly considering other measures. These trading conflicts and related escalating governmental actions that result in additional tariffs, duties or trade restrictions could cause disruptions or shortages in our supply chains, increase our construction costs or home-building costs generally or negatively impact the U.S., regional or local economies, and individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We may change our operational policies, investment guidelines, and our business and growth strategies without stockholder consent, which may subject us to different and more significant risks in the future. 
 
 Our board of directors will determine our operational policies, investment guidelines, and our business and growth strategies. Our board of directors may make changes to, or approve transactions that deviate from, those policies, guidelines, and strategies without a vote of, or notice to, our stockholders. This could result in us conducting operational matters, making investments, or pursuing different business or growth strategies than those contemplated in this Annual Report. Under any of these circumstances, we may expose ourselves to different and more significant risks in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by efforts to impose joint employer liability on us for labor law violations committed by our subcontractors. 
 
 Our homes are constructed by employees of subcontractors and other third parties. We do not have the ability to control what these parties pay their employees or the rules they impose on their employees. However, various governmental agencies have taken actions to hold parties like us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws and other labor laws by subcontractors. Governmental rulings that hold us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create 
 14 

substantial exposures for us under our subcontractor relationships, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our quarterly operating results fluctuate due to the seasonal nature of our business. 
 
 Our quarterly operating results generally fluctuate by season. We typically experience the highest new home order activity in the spring and summer, although this activity is also highly dependent on the number of active selling communities, timing of new community openings, and other market factors. Since it typically takes six to 12 months to construct a new home, we usually deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home orders convert to home deliveries. Because of this seasonality, home starts, construction costs, and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters and the majority of cash receipts from home deliveries occurs during the second half of the year. We expect this seasonal pattern to continue over the long-term, although it may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry. 
 
 Risks associated with our land and lot inventories could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Risks inherent in controlling, purchasing, holding, and developing land for new home construction are substantial. The risks inherent in purchasing and developing land parcels increase as consumer demand for housing decreases and the holding period increases. As a result, we may buy and develop land parcels on which homes cannot be profitably built and sold. In certain circumstances, a grant of entitlements or development agreement with respect to a particular parcel of land may include restrictions on the transfer of such entitlements to a buyer of such land, which could negatively impact the price of such entitled land by restricting our ability to sell it for its full entitled value. In addition, inventory carrying costs can be significant and can result in reduced margins or losses in a poorly performing community or market. Developing land and constructing homes takes a significant amount of time and requires a substantial cash investment. Land development is a key part of our operations, and we develop land in most of our markets. The time and investment required for development may adversely impact our business. We have substantial real estate inventories that regularly remain on our balance sheet for significant periods of time prior to their sale, during which time we are exposed to the risk of adverse market developments. Our business model is based on building homes before a sales contract is executed and a customer deposit is received. Interest and other expenses are capitalized until sold. In the event there is a downturn in home sales in our markets, our inventory of completed homes could increase, leading to additional financing costs and lower margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and operations. In the event of significant changes in economic or market conditions, we may have to sell homes at significantly lower margins or at a loss, if we are able to sell them at all. Additionally, deteriorating market conditions could cause us to record significant inventory impairment charges. The recording of a significant inventory impairment could negatively affect our reported earnings per share and negatively impact the market perception of our business. 
 
 The long-term sustainability and growth in our home closings depends in part upon our ability to acquire land parcels suitable for residential projects at reasonable prices. 
 
 The long-term sustainability of our operations as well as future growth depends in large part on the price at which we are able to obtain suitable land parcels for development or homebuilding operation. Our ability to acquire land parcels for various residential projects may be adversely affected by changes in the general availability of land parcels, the willingness of land sellers to sell land parcels at reasonable prices, competition for available land parcels, availability of financing to acquire land parcels, zoning, regulations that limit housing density, the ability to obtain building permits, environmental requirements and other market conditions and regulatory requirements. If suitable lots or land at reasonable prices become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased substantially, which could adversely impact us. As competition for suitable land increases, the cost of undeveloped lots and the cost of developing owned land could also rise and the availability of suitable land at acceptable prices may decline, which could adversely impact us. The availability of suitable land assets could also affect the success of our land acquisition strategy, which may impact our ability to maintain or increase the number of our active communities, as well as to sustain and grow our revenues and margins, and achieve or maintain profitability. Additionally, developing undeveloped land is capital intensive and time consuming and we may develop land based upon forecasts and assumptions that prove to be inaccurate, resulting in projects that are not economically viable. 
 
 We are subject to warranty and liability claims arising in the ordinary course of business that can be significant. 
 
 As a homebuilder and developer, we are subject to construction defect, product liability and home and other warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common to the homebuilding industry and can be costly. There can be no assurance that any developments we undertake will be free from defects once completed and any defects attributable to us may lead to significant contractual or other liabilities. We rely on subcontractors to perform the construction of our homes and, in some cases, to select and obtain 
 15 

building materials. Although we provide subcontractors with detailed specifications and perform quality control procedures, subcontractors may, in some cases, use improper construction processes or defective materials. Defective products used in the construction of our homes can result in the need to perform extensive repairs. The cost of performing such repairs, or litigation arising out of such issues, may be significant if we are unable to recover the costs from subcontractors, suppliers and/or insurers. Warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity, including on social media outlets, which could damage our reputation and negatively affect our ability to sell homes. We maintain, and require our subcontractors to maintain, general liability insurance (including construction defect and bodily injury coverage) and workers compensation insurance and generally seek to require our subcontractors to indemnify us for liabilities arising from their work. While these insurance policies, subject to deductibles and other coverage limits, and indemnities protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims related to our land development and homebuilding activities, we cannot provide assurance that these insurance policies and indemnities will be adequate to address all our home and other warranty, product liability and construction defect claims in the future, or that any potential inadequacies will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, the coverage offered by, and the availability of, general liability insurance for completed operations and construction defects are currently limited and costly. We cannot provide assurance that coverage will not be further restricted, increasing our risks and financial exposure to claims, and/or become costlier. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain suitable bonding for the development of our communities. 
 
 We provide performance bonds and letters of credit in the ordinary course of business to governmental authorities and others to ensure the completion of our projects or in support of obligations to build community improvements such as roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities. We may also be required to provide performance bonds or letters of credit to secure our performance under various escrow agreements, financial guarantees, and other arrangements. If we are unable to obtain performance bonds or letters of credit when required or the cost or operational restrictions or conditions imposed by issuers to obtain them increases significantly, we may be significantly delayed in developing our communities or may incur significant additional expenses and, as a result, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Financial and Liquidity Risks: 
 
 Our ability to operate and to respond to changing business and economic conditions depends on the availability of adequate capital. Failure to generate cash flow or obtain financing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation and could cast uncertainty on our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The continued operation of our business and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. We also require sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations under our existing debt agreements. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Liabilities and Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.) We cannot assure you that our cash flow from operations or cash available under our financing agreements will be sufficient to meet our needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future and if availability under our financing agreements is not sufficient or unavailable, we may have to obtain additional financing. If we obtain additional capital by issuing equity, the interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we incur additional indebtedness, that indebtedness may contain significant financial and other covenants that may significantly restrict our operations. Uncertainty regarding our ability to continue as a going concern could also have a material and adverse impact on the price of our common stock which could negatively impact our ability to obtain stock-based financing. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional capital when and if needed. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues, utilize existing financing facilities, or obtain new financing, we may have to delay, scale back, or terminate some of our proposed projects; liquidate assets at unfavorable prices; or not be able to continue operations and possibly seek bankruptcy protection. (See Note 1. to our Financial Statements, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Going Concern Uncertainty.) 
 
 If we fail to meet the ongoing obligations of any of our loan agreements, our lenders could require a restructuring of the loan or declare a default under the loan agreement and accelerate the payments of all amounts due, which may require us to take drastic actions which could impact our results of operations. 
 
 Some of our loan agreements contain financial covenants that we must meet over the course of the loan. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to meet these financial covenants at any given time. If any violations of such covenants are not cured within their applicable cure periods, a lender could declare a default. At the option of the lender, declaration of a default could require a restructuring of the loan with onerous requirements (see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources BankUnited Loan 
 16 

Restructuring) or the lender could declare all amounts due under the loan immediately due and payable, in which case we would be required to pay all amounts of outstanding principal and interest immediately Acceleration ). If an Acceleration was demanded by a lender, we may not have cash available to pay the entire amount of the Acceleration and would have to borrow funds at egregious terms, raise dilutive financing, sell assets, or take other adverse actions and there can be no assurance that we would be successful in accomplishing any such remedial measures to satisfy an Acceleration. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, we entered into an Amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Amendment with BankUnited, N.A. BankUnited which amended the terms of our March 2022 Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement as a result of a restructuring of the Loan (as defined below) due to a default under the Loan Agreement when we failed to meet two financial covenants of the Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Amendment, in exchange for BankUnited waiving its right to accelerate the debt and declaring all amounts under the Loan Agreement due and payable, we agreed to certain monthly payments, remittances of proceeds from certain sales, and pledging of certain collateral, among other things. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources BankUnited Loan Restructuring.) The restrictions in the Amendment with BankUnited may interfere with our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the way we structure such financing or engage in other business activities. If we default on the Amendment, BankUnited will be able to declare all amounts owed under the Loan immediately due and payable and will have full recourse to foreclose on all of our properties. In the event that this occurs, it will have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 A default on any of our obligations could also result in an event of default under certain of our other existing debt agreements (a Cross-Default ). Declaration of a Cross-Default by other lenders would increase our financial pressures and could impact our ability to continue as a going concern. A Cross-Default could also significantly limit our alternatives to refinance our indebtedness. 
 
 Difficulty in obtaining sufficient capital could result in an inability to acquire land or increased costs and delays in the completion of development projects, increase home construction costs or delay home construction entirely. 
 
 The homebuilding and land development industry is capital-intensive and requires significant up-front expenditures to acquire land parcels and begin development. In addition, if housing markets are not favorable or permitting or development takes longer than anticipated, we may be required to hold our investments in land for extended periods of time. If internally generated funds are not sufficient, we may seek additional capital in the form of equity or debt financing from a variety of potential sources, including additional bank financings and/or securities offerings. The availability of borrowed funds, especially for land acquisition and construction financing, may be constrained regionally or nationally, and the lending community may require increased amounts of equity to be invested in a project by borrowers in connection with both new loans and the extension of existing loans. Since the global recession in 2008, credit and capital markets have, from time to time, experienced unusual volatility. If we are required to seek additional financing to fund our operations, continued volatility in these markets may restrict our flexibility to access such financing. Furthermore, any downgrade of our credit ratings or other negative rating actions by credit agencies may make it more difficult and costly for us to access capital. If we are not successful in obtaining sufficient funding for our planned capital and other expenditures or if we do not properly allocate our funding, we may be unable to acquire additional land for development and/or to construct new housing. Additionally, if we cannot obtain additional financing to fund the purchase of land under our purchase contracts, we may incur contractual penalties, fees, and increased expenses from the write-off of due diligence and pre-acquisition costs. Any difficulty in obtaining sufficient capital for planned development expenditures could also cause project delays and any such delay could result in cost increases. Any one or more of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Access to financing sources may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, especially in light of current market conditions, which could adversely affect our ability to maximize our returns. 
 
 Our access to additional third-party sources of financing will depend, in part, on: 
 general market conditions; 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 with respect to acquisition and/or development financing, the market s perception of the value of the land parcels to be acquired and/or developed; 
 our current debt levels; 
 our current and expected future earnings; 
 our cash flow; and 
 the market price per share of our common stock. 
 
 17 

The global credit and equity markets and the overall economy can be extremely volatile, which could have a number of adverse effects on our operations and capital requirements. For the past decade, the domestic financial markets have experienced a high degree of volatility, uncertainty and, during certain periods, tightening of liquidity in both the high yield debt and equity capital markets, resulting in certain periods where new capital has been both more difficult and more expensive to access. If we are unable to access the credit markets, we could be required to defer or eliminate important business strategies and growth opportunities in the future. In addition, if there is volatility and weakness in the capital and credit markets, potential lenders may be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing that is attractive to us or may increase collateral requirements or may charge us prohibitively high fees in order to obtain financing. Consequently, our ability to access the credit market in order to attract financing on reasonable terms may be adversely affected. Investment returns on our assets and our ability to make acquisitions could be adversely affected by our inability to secure additional financing on reasonable terms, if at all. Depending on market conditions at the relevant time, we may have to rely more heavily on additional equity financings or on less efficient forms of debt financing that require a larger portion of our cash flow from operations, thereby reducing funds available for our operations, future business opportunities and other purposes. We may not have access to such equity or debt capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all. 
 
 Our sources of liquidity are limited and may not be sufficient to meet our needs. 
 
 We are largely dependent on our current cash balance and future cash flows from operations (which may not be positive) to enable us to service our indebtedness, to cover our operating expenses and/or to fund our other liquidity needs. Depending on the levels of our land purchases, we could generate positive or negative cash flow in future years. If the market conditions in the homebuilding industry deteriorate, our cash flows could be insufficient to fund our obligations and support land purchases, and if we cannot buy additional land, we would ultimately be unable to generate future revenues from the sale of houses. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful or, if successful, made on desirable terms and may not permit us to meet our debt service obligations. If our available cash and capital resources are insufficient to meet our debt service and other obligations, we could face liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be permitted under the terms of our debt instruments to be used to service indebtedness or may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. For additional information about capital resources and liquidity. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources.) 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under loan agreements. 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Liabilities.) If we incur additional indebtedness, the risks related to our level of indebtedness could intensify. Specifically, an increased level of indebtedness could have negative ramifications, including but not limited to the following: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, including our loan agreements; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or finance other general corporate requirements; 
 requiring us to make non-strategic divestitures, particularly when the availability of financing in the capital markets is limited, which may adversely impact sales prices; 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow to be allocated to debt service payments instead of other business purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends and other general corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including increases in interest rates, particularly given that certain indebtedness bears interest at variable rates; 
 limiting our ability to capitalize on business opportunities, reinvest in and develop properties and to react to competitive pressures and adverse changes in government regulations; 
 placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors; 
 limiting our ability or increasing the costs to refinance indebtedness resulting in an event of default if we fail to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which default could result in all or part of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and, in the case of our secured debt, could permit the lenders to foreclose on our assets securing such debt. 
 
 A breach of the covenants under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default. 
 
 18 

A default under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness may allow our creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the credit agreement governing our credit facility would permit the lenders thereunder to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under the applicable facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under any secured indebtedness, those lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. In the event our lenders or the holders of our notes accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we cannot assure that we would have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 
 unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or 
 unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 These restrictions may affect our ability to grow or continue our existing operations. 
 
 Our stock price is volatile and could decline. 
 
 The securities markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume volatility. The market price and volume of our common stock may continue to experience significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions, but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our industry, operations, or business prospects. The price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: 
 operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 factors influencing home purchases, such as higher interest rates and availability of home mortgage loans, credit criteria applicable to prospective borrowers, ability to sell existing residences and homebuyer sentiment in general; 
 the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider comparable to us; 
 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and 
 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets. 
 Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or otherwise use our common stock as consideration is impacted by the price of our common stock. A low stock price may adversely impact our ability to reduce our financial leverage, as measured by the ratio of total debt to total capital. Continued high levels of leverage or significant increases may adversely affect our credit ratings and make it more difficult for us to access additional capital. These factors may limit our ability to implement our operating and growth plans. 
 
 We may not realize the value of our tax assets. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code could limit our ability to fully utilize certain tax assets due to a previous change in control, or if we were to experience a future change in control. If such an event were to occur, the cash flow benefits we might otherwise have received could be decreased. 
 
 Any limitation on, or reduction or elimination of tax benefits associated with homeownership would have an adverse effect upon the demand for homes, which could be material to our business. 
 
 While tax laws generally permit significant expenses associated with homeownership, primarily mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, to be deducted for the purpose of calculating an individual s federal and, in many cases, state taxable income, the ability to deduct mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes for federal income tax purposes is limited. The federal government or a state government may change its income tax laws by eliminating, limiting, or substantially reducing these income tax benefits without offsetting provisions, which may increase the after-tax cost of owning a new home for many of our potential homebuyers. Any such future changes may have an adverse effect on the homebuilding industry in general. For example, the loss or reduction of homeowner tax deductions could decrease the demand for new homes. Any such future changes could also have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Federal income tax credits available to builders of certain energy efficient new homes may not be extended by future legislation. 
 
 On August 12, 2022, the U.S. Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which President Biden signed into law on August 16, 2022. This Act extended the availability of Code Section 45L credit for energy efficient new homes 
 19 

federal energy efficient homes tax credits ), which provides a tax credit of 5,000 per qualifying home to eligible homebuilders and made such tax credits available for homes delivered through December 31, 2032. It is uncertain whether an extension or similar tax credit will be adopted in the future. 
 
 We may suffer uninsured losses or material losses in excess of insurance limits. 
 
 We could suffer physical damage to property and liabilities resulting in losses that may not be fully recoverable by insurance. Insurance against certain types of risks, such as terrorism, earthquakes, floods, or personal injury claims, may be unavailable, available in amounts that are less than the full market value or replacement cost of investment or underlying assets or subject to a large deductible or self-insurance retention amount. In addition, there can be no assurance that certain types of risks that are currently insurable will continue to be insurable on an economically feasible basis. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur or be subject to deductibles or self-insurance retention, we could sustain financial loss or lose capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future income from that property. Furthermore, we could be liable to repair damage or meet liabilities caused by risks that are uninsured or subject to deductibles. We may also be liable for any debt or other financial obligations related to the affected property. 
 
 Changes in accounting rules, assumptions and/or judgments could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Accounting rules and interpretations for certain aspects of our financial reporting are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of our financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in our accounting assumptions and/or judgments, such as those related to asset impairments, could significantly impact our financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our financial results, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting and financial processes. Furthermore, as we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency and management may not be able to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency in a timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could also result in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Organizational and Structural Risks: 
 
 Our performance may be negatively impacted by loss of key management personnel and other experienced employees. 
 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain key management personnel, including, but not limited to, Sterling Griffin, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors. Although we have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Griffin, there is no guarantee that he will remain employed by us. Our ability to retain our key management personnel or to attract suitable replacements should any members of our management team leave is dependent on the competitive nature of the employment market. The loss of services from key management personnel or a limitation in their availability could materially and adversely impact our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. We have not obtained key man life insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our key management personnel. Experienced employees in the homebuilding, land acquisition, development, and construction industries are fundamental to our ability to generate, obtain and manage opportunities. In particular, local knowledge and relationships are critical to our ability to source attractive land acquisition opportunities. Experienced employees working in the homebuilding, development and construction industries are highly sought after. Failure to attract and retain such personnel or to ensure that their experience and knowledge is not lost when they leave the business through retirement, redundancy, or otherwise, may adversely affect the standards of our service and may have an adverse impact on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 20 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 
 Our common stock, preferred stock, and public warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). As reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2022, on December 13, 2022, we received a notification letter from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff notifying us that the closing bid price for our common stock was below 1.00 for a period of 30 consecutive business days and had until June 12, 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price continued listing standard. On March 6, 2023, we effected a 1-for-20 reverse stock split, and as of the date of this Annual Report, we are meeting the minimum bid price requirements. On March 20, 2023, we received written confirmation from Nasdaq that we had regained compliance with the minimum bid price continued listing standard. However, there can be no assurance that we will not violate another listing requirement or that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq, we must also maintain certain financial requirements in addition to the minimum bid price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that the Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because the common stock, preferred stock, and public warrants are listed on Nasdaq, they will be covered securities. However, if our securities are no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 
 The exercise of our warrants and conversion of our preferred stock will result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 We issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock and issued preferred stock that include an option for the holder to convert the shares into common stock. (See Note 17. Stockholders Equity.) The shares of common stock issued upon exercise of our warrants and conversion of our preferred stock will result in dilution to the then existing holders of common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock or public warrants. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in any financing instruments, applicable legal requirements, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, stockholders may need to sell their shares of our common stock to realize a return on investment and may not be able to sell shares at or above the price paid for them. We have suspended the cash dividend payments on our 8.0 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock as a result of the restructuring terms of the Amendment to our Loan Agreement with BankUnited. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources BankUnited Loan Restructuring.) Dividends on our preferred stock will accrue as a liability at the rate of 0.6 million per month until paid or otherwise settled. 
 
 Future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future offerings of equity securities that may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidation distributions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. 
 21 

Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Our preferred stock will have a preference on liquidating distributions and dividend payments, which could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings, and purchasers of our common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company. 
 
 General Risk Factors: 
 
 The JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, which we refer to as the JOBS Act. As such, we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of SOX, (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock and public warrants that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to avail ourselves of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. As a result of our reliance on these exemptions or reduced disclosures, investors may not have access to certain information they deem important or may find our securities less attractive. This may result in a less active trading market for our securities and the price of our securities, including our common stock or public warrants may be more volatile. 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely disrupted by an epidemic or pandemic or similar public threat, or fear of such an event, and the measures that federal, state, and local governments and other authorities implement to address it. 
 
 An epidemic, pandemic or similar serious public health issue, and the measures undertaken by governmental authorities to address it, could significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period, and thereby, along with any associated economic and social instability or distress, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects. 
 
 Acts of war or terrorism may seriously harm our business. 
 
 Acts of war, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities between the United States and any foreign power, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or civil unrest may cause disruption to the U.S. economy, or the local economies of the markets in which we operate, cause shortages of building materials, increase costs associated with obtaining building materials, result in building code changes that could increase costs of construction, result in uninsured losses, affect job growth and consumer confidence, or cause economic changes that we cannot anticipate, all of which could reduce demand for our homes and adversely impact our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

We are subject to litigation, arbitration, or other claims, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 We are subject to litigation, and we may in the future be subject to enforcement actions, such as claims relating to our operations, securities offerings and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise in the future, and legal proceedings may result in the award of substantial damages. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if uninsured or in excess of insured levels, could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows, thereby materially and adversely affecting us. Furthermore, plaintiffs may in certain of these legal proceedings seek class action status with potential class sizes that vary from case to case. Class action lawsuits can be costly to defend, and if we were to lose any certified class action suit, it could result in substantial liability for us. Certain litigation or the resolution thereof may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could materially and adversely impact us, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and materially and adversely impact our ability to attract directors and officers. 
 
 Information system failures, interruptions, cyber incidents, or breaches in security could adversely affect us. 
 
 We rely on accounting, financial, operational, management and other information systems, including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to conduct our operations, store sensitive data, process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and comply with financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Our information systems, and those of our vendors and service providers, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches, including malware and phishing, cyberattacks, natural disasters, usage errors by employees and other related risks. Any cyber incident or attack or other disruption or failure in these information systems, or other systems or infrastructure upon which they rely, could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, any failure or security breach of information systems or data could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we have implemented systems and processes intended to secure our information systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems will be effective or that future attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security. 
 
 As part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain information, including information specific to homebuyers, customers, employees, vendors, and suppliers. We may share some of this information with third parties who assist us with certain aspects of our business. Consumer personal privacy and data security have become significant issues and the subject of rapidly evolving regulation in the United States. Furthermore, federal, state, and local government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, more laws and regulations affecting data privacy. Laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information including recently implemented may significantly impact our business activities and require substantial compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to adequately address privacy and data security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, regulations and policies could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and adversely affect our business. If we are not able to adjust to changing laws, regulations and standards relating to privacy or data security, our business may be materially harmed. As noted above, we are also subject to the possibility of cyber incidents or attacks, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. 
 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 
 We are required to comply with laws and regulations governing many aspects of our business, such as land acquisition and development, home construction and sales, and employment practices. Despite our oversight, contractual protections, and other mitigation efforts, our employees or subcontractors could violate some of these laws or regulations, as a result of which we may incur fines, penalties, or other liabilities, which could be significant, and our reputation with governmental agencies, customers, vendors, or suppliers could be damaged. 
 
 23 

Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance matters may impact our business, financial results, or stock price. 
 
 In recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters in public discourse and the investment community. A number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote change at public companies related to ESG matters, including through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, public pension funds, universities, and other members of the investing community. These activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and promoting the use of energy saving building materials. A failure to comply with investor or customer expectations and standards, which are evolving, or if we are perceived to not have responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, could also cause reputational harm to our business and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation as well as our business, financial results, and stock price. 
 
 Our reputation and brand are critical to our success. Unfavorable media related to our industry, company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. The speed at which negative publicity can be disseminated has increased dramatically with the capabilities of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites, blogs, newsletters, and other digital platforms. Our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business. 
 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations, or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments, and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional, and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq, and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We leased several suites of office space at 11505 Burnham Dr., Gig Harbor, Washington under multiple lease agreements for 26 to 60 month periods with the leases ending in February 2023 through May 2023. During 2022, we terminated the leases for three suites and have the remaining leases for four suites as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we lease office space at 1201 Pacific Avenue, Tacoma, Washington, for a 126-month period from the commencement date of February 2022 to July 2032. 
 
 We leased land where one of our field offices is located to store our heavy equipment and quarry materials such as dirt and rocks for sale to customers (9000 W. Werner Road, Bremerton, Washington). This land was under a lease initiated as of January 28, 2019 for a 24-month period and had been renewed annually through March 8, 2023, at which time the lease terminated. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain key metrics of the residential properties we own or control as of March 28, 2023: 
 
 Project Name Location Total Units Unsold Units Business Plan Status Bridgeview Trails Washington 138 138 Develop + Sell Land or Build + Sell Apartments Owned Broadmoor Commons Washington 18 18 Build + Sell Apartments Controlled Fircrest Ridge Washington 145 145 Develop + Sell Apartments Controlled 
 24 

Grandis Pond Washington 997 997 Develop + Sell Lots Controlled Horizon at Semiahmoo Washington 143 72 Develop + Sell Lots Owned Inverness Washington 63 63 Develop + Sell Lots/Build + Sell Apartments Owned Meadowscape Washington 177 177 Build + Sell Apartments Owned Mill s Crossing Washington 36 36 Build + Sell Apartments Owned Olympic Sunset Washington 228 228 Build + Sell Apartments Owned Pacific Ridge Washington 80 80 Build + Sell Apartments Owned Stanwood Washington 225 225 Build + Sell Apartments + Townhomes Controlled Wyndstone Washington 76 76 Build + Sell Apartments Owned Darkhorse California 68 61 Sell Lots Owned Winding Lane California 22 11 Sell Lots Owned Punta Gorda Florida 180 180 Sell Land Owned Bunker Ranch Texas 4 1 Build + Sell Homes Owned Cimarron Hills Texas 5 5 Build + Sell Homes Owned Creek s Edge Texas 2 2 Build + Sell Homes Owned Flintrock Falls Texas 1 1 Build + Sell Homes Owned Siena Creek Texas 35 31 Sell Lots/Build + Sell Homes Owned Stone House Texas 68 68 Develop + Sell Lots/ Build + Sell Homes Owned Summit Rock Texas 108 76 Sell Lots/ Build + Sell Homes Owned The Trails of HSB Texas 10 8 Sell Lots/ Build + Sell Homes Owned 
 25 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operation. However, we may from time to time after the date of this Annual Report become subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. One or more unfavorable outcomes in any claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect for the period in which such claim or litigation is resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and may materially adversely affect our reputation, even if favorably resolved. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 26 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol HCDI. 
 
 Our 8.0 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols HCDIP, HCDIW, and HCDIZ, respectively. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Common Stock . We have not declared a dividend on our common stock, and we do not anticipate the payment of dividends in the near future as we intend to reinvest profits to grow our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in any financing instruments, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant in its sole discretion. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock . The holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of 8 per annum payable monthly in arrears. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock of 7.8 million and accrued dividends of 0.6 million as of December 31, 2022, which were paid to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock on January 20, 2023. On January 20, 2023, our Board of Directors voted to suspend the cash dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock as announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K on January 25, 2023. On February 23, 2023, as part of the Amendment to our Loan Agreement with BankUnited, we agreed that we will pay 0.6 million to BankUnited each month, which otherwise would have been paid as a dividend to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources BankUnited Loan Restructuring.) These dividends will accrue as a liability until paid or otherwise settled. 
 
 Number of Holders of Record 
 
 We have approximately 12 record holders of our common stock as of March 28, 2023 according to the records of our transfer agent. The number of our stockholders of record excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street name, the accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 
 
 Our transfer agent is Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., 2030 Powers Ferry Rd. SE, Suite # 212, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Their telephone number is (404) 474-3110. 
 
 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 
 On May 10, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 5.0 million worth of shares of common stock. The amount of the repurchase program represented approximately 15 of the outstanding shares of our common stock valued at the closing price on May 10, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 12,597 shares of common stock under this repurchase program at an average price of 35.23 per share for a total of approximately 0.4 million. 
 
 As part of the Amendment to the Loan Agreement with BankUnited, we agreed that we will not repurchase any of our currently outstanding securities. Therefore, the stock repurchase program has been terminated. (See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources BankUnited Loan Restructuring.) 
 
 2020 Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 The following table sets forth the shares of our common stock we acquired during the fourth quarter as a result of the surrender of shares by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock awarded under our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 27 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 6 17.60 6 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 502 19.08 502 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 5 12.00 5 Total 513 513 
 
 (1) Represents shares surrendered to us by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising in connection with the vesting of 1,729 shares of common stock awarded under our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On February 17, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders at which the stockholders approved a proposal to effect a reverse split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of between 1-for-3 and 1-for-25 (the Reverse Stock Split ), such ratio to be selected at the sole discretion of the Board without further stockholder action. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the implementation of the Reverse Stock Split at a ratio of 1-for-20 shares of our common stock. We filed Articles of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation for the Reverse Stock Split with the Washington Secretary of State on March 1, 2023 and the Reverse Stock Split was effected on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2023. 
 
 As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 20 shares of common stock either issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was, automatically and without any action on the part of the respective holders thereof, combined and converted into one share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split also applied to common stock issuable upon the exercise of our outstanding warrants, outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock awards, stock and stock option plans, and upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the par value of our common stock or the shares of common stock we are authorized to issue under our Articles of Incorporation, as amended. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Fractional shares which would otherwise result from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole share. All share and per share amounts of common stock presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for-20 Reverse Stock Split. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 
 
 Harbor Custom Development, Inc. is a real estate development company involved in all aspects of the land development cycle, including land acquisition, entitlements, development, construction of project infrastructure, home and apartment building construction, marketing, and sales of various residential projects in Western Washington's Puget Sound region; Sacramento, California; Austin, Texas; and Punta Gorda, Florida. 
 
 As a land developer and builder of apartments, and single-family luxury homes, Harbor Custom Development's business strategy is to acquire and develop land strategically based on an understanding of population growth patterns, entitlement restrictions, infrastructure development, and geo-economic forces. Harbor focuses on acquiring land with scenic views or convenient access to freeways and public transportation to develop and sell residential lots, new home communities, and multi-story apartment properties within a 20- to 60-minute commute of the nation's fastest-growing metro employment corridors. 
 
 Our portfolio of land, lots, home plans, and finishing options, coupled with the low inventory of residential and multi-family housing in our principal geographic areas, provide an opportunity for us to increase revenue and overall market share. In addition to our single-family residential projects, we build and sell townhomes and apartments and have completed or substantially completed construction of several multi-family sites in Washington. (See Item 2. Properties.) 
 
 In an effort to strategically manage the expanding needs of our corporate team, we signed a lease on October 5, 2021 for a new office space in Tacoma, Washington and moved our headquarters in April 2022. This office space is designed with a hybrid workforce in mind and takes into account employment trends that arose after the COVID-19 global pandemic, specifically the increase in hybrid or remote employees. 
 
 It is customary for us to sign purchase and sale agreements that contain a due diligence period which allows us time, usually between 60 and 120 days, to evaluate the acquisition. However, in many cases, the closing will not occur until the entitlement and permitting processes are complete, which can further extend the due diligence period. At times, through our due diligence efforts, we find that a property is not suitable for purchase due to economic forces, zoning issues, or other matters. If we determine that a property is not suitable for our desired purposes, we terminate the purchase and sale agreement. After termination within the due diligence period, our earnest money is returned to us. 
 
 Our infrastructure development division constructs a diverse range of residential communities and improved lots. We own and lease heavy equipment which we utilize to build and develop residential subdivisions and multi-family communities. The equipment is primarily used for land clearing, site development, public and private road improvements, installation of wet utilities such as sewer, water, and storm sewer lines, in addition to construction of dry utility lines for power, gas, telephone, and cable service providers. A significant portion of this equipment was sold in December 2022. (See Note 4. Property and Equipment.) 
 
 We are a general contractor and construct single-family homes, townhomes, and apartments utilizing a base of employees in conjunction with third-party subcontractors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we own or control 25 communities in Washington, Texas, California, and Florida, containing approximately 2,900 lots or units in various stages of development. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For information on the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
 
 29 

2022 2021 Sales 55,414,300 72,352,700 Cost of sales 55,866,800 50,419,400 Gross profit (loss) (452,500) 21,933,300 Operating expenses 16,237,700 11,151,600 Other expense, net of other income 4,690,200 158,000 Income tax expense (benefit) (4,458,200) 1,766,900 Net income (loss) (16,922,200) 8,856,800 
 
 Sales 
 Our sales decreased by (23.4) to 55.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 72.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to decreases in sales of developed lots of 17.3 million, sales of entitled land of 12.7 million, partially offset by increases in home sales of 11.0 million, and fee build of 2.3 million. The decreases in developed lots and entitled land sales were mainly due to large prior year sales in Blaine, Belfair, and Bremerton, Washington, and Horseshoe Bay, Texas that did not recur in 2022. The 2022 home sales largely increased due to continued expansion into a new geographic location in Texas where 18.0 million of luxury homes sold at high sales prices. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 Our overall gross profit (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to (0.5) million compared to gross profit of 21.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross margin loss was (0.8) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to gross margin of 30.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The (22.4) million decrease in gross profit was primarily due to decreases in developed lots gross profit of 11.2 million, fee build gross profit of 5.3 million, entitled land gross profit of 5.1 million, and multi-family gross profit of 2.4 million, which was partially offset by an increase in home sales gross profit of 2.2 million. The (31.1) decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by a (43.8) decline in developed lots gross profit including 1.2 million impairment loss related to the Winding Lane property, a 4.5 million gross loss due to cost overruns with fee build projects, and a 2.4 million impairment loss incurred on the Pacific Ridge apartment project. These gross margin declines were partially offset by gross margin increases from homes and entitled land sales. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses increased by 45.6 to 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in total operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following: 
 
 1) Payroll and benefits expenses increased by 1.6 million due to increase in staff from the investment we made in our public company infrastructure and to support our future growth plan; 
 2) We incurred bad debt expenses of 2.1 million associated with the Horizon Tract Q note receivable and Winding Lane note and interest receivable from the sale of developed lots in March 2022; 
 3) We incurred 0.5 million in pre-acquisition due diligence costs associated with the Westry Village project that we did not purchase; 
 4) Professional fees increased by 0.3 million primarily driven by establishing and maintaining public company infrastructure and oversight; 
 5) Advertising and marketing increased by 0.3 million as a result of increased marketing activities to promote our company and real estate projects; 
 6) We incurred additional depreciation expense of 0.3 million related to furniture, fixtures, and leasehold improvements for the new corporate office and equipment additions; and 
 7) We incurred additional right of use expense of 0.1 million from leasing an office space in Tacoma, Washington for our new corporate headquarters. 
 
 Other Expense 
 Other expense increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 4.7 million as compared to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in other expense was primarily due to a 3.3 million loss incurred from selling a 
 30 

significant portion of machinery and equipment which was primarily used for fee build and quarry projects as these projects are nearing completion and are wrapping up. The increase was also attributable to 1.6 million of interest expense from a revolving line of credit, partly offset by 0.5 million of interest income from notes receivables. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 
 Our net income (loss) decreased by 291.1 to (16.9) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net income of 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily attributable to a decrease in gross margins and increased operating expenses and other expenses as explained above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our principal uses of capital were operating expenses, land purchases, land development, single and multi-family construction, the payment of routine liabilities, payments on construction loans and related party construction loans, financing fees for the revolving line of credit and construction loans, and repurchase of company equity securities. We used funds generated by operations and available borrowings to meet our short-term working capital requirements. We remain focused on generating positive margins in land acquisitions and development operations and home construction operations in order to maintain a strong balance sheet and keep us poised for growth. 
 
 We employ both debt and equity as part of our ongoing financing strategy to provide us with the financial flexibility to access capital on the best terms available. In that regard, we employ prudent leverage levels to finance the acquisition and development of our lots and construction of our homes, townhomes, and apartments. Our existing indebtedness is recourse to us and we anticipate that future indebtedness will likewise be recourse. 
 
 Our management considers a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding the incurrence of new indebtedness, including the purchase price of assets to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our assets, and the ability of particular assets, and our company as a whole, to generate cash flow to cover the expected debt service costs. Our governing documents do not contain a limitation on the amount of debt we may incur and our board of directors may change our target debt levels at any time without the approval of our shareholders. 
 
 We intend to finance future acquisitions and developments with the most advantageous source of capital available to us at the time of the transaction, which may include a combination of common and preferred equity, secured and unsecured corporate level debt, property level debt and mortgage financing, property level equity, and other public, private, or bank debt. 
 
 Real Estate Assets 
 
 Our real estate assets have increased to 205.5 million as of December 31, 2022 from 122.1 million as of December 31, 2021. This increase was due to an increase in development and construction activities for houses, townhomes, and apartments. 
 
 BankUnited Loan Restructuring 
 
 As previously announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K on October 28, 2022, and as updated on a Current Report on Form 8-K on January 25, 2023, we were working with BankUnited, N.A. BankUnited to restructure our Loan (defined below) after failing to meet two financial covenants of the Loan Agreement (defined below), namely the minimum interest coverage ratio and consolidated liquidity covenants. 
 
 As previously announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2023, on or about February 23, 2023, we entered into that certain Amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Amendment with BankUnited for the restructuring of its Loan Agreement dated March 7, 2020 (the Loan Agreement ), which loan currently consists of a 24,613,051 principal balance plus any accrued interest (the Loan ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Amendment, BankUnited agreed to: 
 
 i. waive any and all defaults to date in the Loan Agreement; 
 31 

ii. waive our future compliance requirements with the financial covenants contained in Article 7 of the Loan Agreement until the Loan is repaid in full and the Loan Agreement terminated; and 
 iii. waive its right to accelerate the Loan and receive immediate payments. 
 
 In consideration of BankUnited s waivers described above, we agreed that we will: 
 
 i. Not repurchase any of out currently outstanding securities; 
 ii. Not make any dividend payments to our Series A Preferred stockholders but instead pay the amount that would have been paid in dividends to the Series A Preferred stockholders to BankUnited; 
 iii. Grant BankUnited a second mortgage on our Winding Lane and Punta Gorda properties and remit to BankUnited 25 of the net proceeds from any sales of such properties; 
 iv. Remit to BankUnited 25 of the net proceeds of all asset sales; 
 v. Remit to BankUnited 25 of the net proceeds from public offerings of any class of stock or debt, private equity recaptures, and any capital raise; 
 vi. Transfer to BankUnited the membership certificates of our subsidiaries, solely as collateral, in order to perfect BankUnited s security interests; and 
 vii. Not close on any new projects without BankUnited s express written consent, but we may continue to identify, conduct due diligence, and negotiate the purchase of new projects. 
 
 The aforementioned payments will continue to be made until the earlier of: (i) March 7, 2024 or (ii) the Loan has been repaid in full. If we fail to make any of the payments or meet any of the agreed upon conditions, such failure will constitute an event of default under the Loan Agreement. BankUnited has no further lending obligations to us. 
 
 Liabilities 
 
 Liabilities increased to 160.6 million as of December 31, 2022 from 70.0 million as of December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily attributable to the following: 
 
 1. An increase in our construction loans, net of related party loans of 67.2 million to fund the development of land and construction of houses, townhomes, and apartments; 
 2. A new revolving credit facility was entered into with BankUnited from which we have borrowed 24.4 million net of debt discount to fund our general working capital needs; 
 3. Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased by 3.4 million, primarily driven by an increase in trade accounts payable due to an increase of real estate projects in process; and 
 4. Equipment loan decreased by 3.2 million due to early pay-offs of loans related to our machinery and equipment sold at auction in late December 2022 and monthly equipment payments during 2022. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash Balance 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our unrestricted cash balance was 9.7 million compared to 25.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 93.9 million as compared to net cash used of 86.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used is primarily attributable to a decrease in net income of 25.8 million, decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4.5 million, increase in deferred tax asset of 3.4 million, partially offset by decrease in real estate assets of 13.9 million, a decrease in contract assets of 4.3 million, loss on sale of equipment of 3.4 million, impairment loss on real estate of 3.6 million, and impairment loss on note receivable of 1.2 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.5 million as compared to net cash used of 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2.6 million was used for the furniture, fixtures, and leasehold improvements of the new corporate office and purchase of equipment compared to 0.7 million used for the acquisition of new equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. These purchases were offset by proceeds from the sale of equipment of 5.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 32 

Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 75.4 million as compared to 110.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily caused by net proceeds from a common stock offering of 25.1 million and net proceeds from a preferred stock offering of 66.6 million in 2021 that did not recur in the 2022 comparable period, a decrease in cash received from related party construction loans, net of payments of 13.4 million, and an increase in cash used for 2022 preferred dividends of 5.7 million. This decrease was partially offset by cash provided by the revolving line of credit loan of 25.0 million in 2022, an increase in cash provided by construction loans, net of payments of 43.1 million, and a decrease in repurchase of common stock of 4.6 million. 
 
 Cash Resources 
 
 Although the expected revenue growth and control of expenses leads management to believe that it is probable that our cash resources will be sufficient to meet cash requirements through the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, we may require additional funding to finance the growth of our current and expected future operations as well as to achieve our strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to us, if at all. In that event, we would be required to change our growth strategy and seek funding on that basis, though there is no guarantee we will be able to do so. (See Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.) 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as special purpose entities (SPEs). 

Inflation 
 
 Our operations can be adversely impacted by inflation, primarily from higher land, financing, labor, material, and construction costs. In addition, inflation can lead to higher mortgage rates which can significantly affect the affordability of mortgage financing to homebuyers. While we attempt to pass on cost increases to customers through increased prices, when weak housing market conditions exist, we may be unable to offset cost increases with higher selling prices. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further details on industry and economic risks. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk, and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These provisions include: 
 
 a requirement to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in a public offering registration statement; 
 an exemption to provide fewer than five years of selected financial data in a public offering registration statement; 
 an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX in the assessment of the emerging growth company s internal control over financial reporting; 
 an exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies; and 
 33 

an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit partner rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer. 
 
 We have elected to adopt the reduced disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a result of this election, the information that we provide in this Annual Report may be different than the information you may receive from other public companies in which you hold equity interests. 
 
 We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering (December 31, 2025), (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We borrow from lenders using financial instruments such as term loans, notes payable, and a revolving credit facility. We utilize both fixed and variable interest rates in these financing operations. Interest incurred from our term loans and notes payables is calculated primarily using a fixed rate, whereas interest incurred from our revolving credit facility is calculated using a variable rate. We do not have the obligation to prepay these prior to maturity, and, as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair market value should not have a significant impact on our fixed-rate debt. 
 
 We are exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on our outstanding revolving line of credit and construction loan relating to Meadowscape apartments. The interest rate for our variable rate indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 was equal to the daily simple secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus an applicable margin of 4.75 for the line of credit and equal to the SOFR one month rate plus an applicable margin of 7.25 for the construction loan. At December 30, 2022, the daily SOFR was 4.30 and one month SOFR was 4.06 . A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest rate on our variable rate indebtedness would increase our annual interest cost by approximately 0.3 million for the line of credit and 0.1 million for the construction loan, respectively. Based on this, we do not believe that the future interest rate risks related to our existing indebtedness will have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding fixed-rate borrowings net of debt discount and financing fees of approximately 104.1 million and outstanding variable-rate borrowings net of debt discount and financing fees of approximately 38.5 million. 
 34 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm [PCAOB Number 0 ] 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 

35 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Harbor Custom Development, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 36 

HARBOR CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 D/B/A HARBOR CUSTOM HOMES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash Restricted Cash Accounts Receivable, net Contract Assets Note Receivable, net Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Real Estate Property and Equipment, net Right of Use Assets Deferred Tax Asset TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Dividends Payable Contract Liabilities Deferred Revenue Note Payable D O Insurance Revolving Line of Credit Loan, net of Unamortized Debt Discount of million and respectively 
 Equipment Loans Finance Leases Construction Loans, net of Unamortized Debt Discount of million and million respectively 
 Construction Loans - Related Parties, net of Unamortized Debt Discount of million and million respectively 
 Right of Use Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - SEE NOTE 13 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock, no par value per share, shares authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Common Stock, no par value per share, shares authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional Paid In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) ) Stockholders Equity Non-Controlling Interest ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (Amounts rounded to the nearest 100) 
 37 

HARBOR CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 D/B/A HARBOR CUSTOM HOMES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 Sales Cost of Sales Gross Profit (Loss) ) Operating Expenses Operating Income (Loss) ) Other Income (Expense) Interest Expense ) ) Interest Income Loss on Sale of Equipment ) ) Other Income Total Other Expense ) ) Income (Loss) Before Income Tax ) Income Tax Expense (Benefit) ) Net Income (Loss) ) Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling interests ) ) Preferred Dividends ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders ) Earnings (Loss) Per Share - Basic ) Earnings (Loss) Per Share - Diluted ) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (Amounts rounded to the nearest 100) 
 38 

HARBOR CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 D/B/A HARBOR CUSTOM HOMES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income (Loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of right of use assets Loss on sale of equipment Provision for loss on contract Impairment loss on real estate Impairment loss on note receivable Stock compensation Forgiveness on PPP loan ) Amortization of revolver issuance costs Net change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) Notes receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Real estate ) ) Deferred tax asset ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Contract liabilities Deferred revenue ) Payments on right of use liability, net of incentives ) NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds on the sale of equipment NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Construction loans Payments on construction loans ) ) Financing fees construction loans ) ) Related party construction loans Payments on related party construction loans ) ) Financing fees related party construction loans ) ) Revolving line of credit loan, net of payments Financing fees revolving line of credit loan ) Payments on note payable D O insurance ) ) Payments on equipment loans ) ) Payments on financing leases ) ) Payments on PPP loan ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Preferred dividends ) ) 
 39 

Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from exercise of warrants Deferred offering costs NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Interest paid SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES New right of use obligations Termination of right of use leases Amortization of debt discount capitalized Promissory notes issued for earnest money Financing of D O insurance Conversion of finance lease to equipment loan Cancellation of finance leases Financing of fixed assets additions Dividends declared but not paid Conversion of preferred to common stock 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (Amounts rounded to the nearest 100) 
 40 

HARBOR CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 D/B/A HARBOR CUSTOM HOMES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 For the Periods January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 
 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Non-Controlling Interest Total Equity (Deficit) Shares Issued No Par Shares Issued No Par Balance, January 1, 2021 
 ) ) Net proceeds issuance of common stock Exercise of stock options Stock Compensation Expense Net proceeds issuance of Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Dividends ) ) ) Repurchase of Stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of Preferred stock ) ) Net (Loss) Income ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Exercise of Stock Options ) Stock Compensation Expense Dissolution of Non-Controlling Interest ) ) Preferred Stock Dividends ) ) ) Repurchase of Stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of Preferred stock ) ) Exercise of Warrants Net Income (Loss) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (Amounts rounded to the nearest 100) 
 41 

1. 
 
 Harbor Materials, LLC July 5, 2018 N/A N/A Belfair Apartments, LLC December 3, 2019 Pacific Ridge CMS, LLC May 24, 2021 Tanglewilde, LLC June 25, 2021 HCDI FL CONDO LLC July 30, 2021 HCDI Mira, LLC August 31, 2021 HCDI, Bridgeview LLC October 28, 2021 HCDI Wyndstone, LLC September 15, 2021 HCDI Semiahmoo, LLC December 17, 2021 Mills Crossing, LLC July 21, 2022 N/A Broadmoor Ventures, LLC August 24, 2022 N/A Winding Lane Estate LLC November 30, 2022 N/A 
 Saylor View Estates, LLC was voluntarily dissolved with the State of Washington as of January 20, 2022. 
 Harbor Materials, LLC was voluntarily dissolved with the State of Washington as of January 29, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate non-controlling interest was and ) million, respectively. 

All numbers in the financial statements are rounded to the nearest 100, except for Earnings (Loss) per Share EPS data, and numbers in the notes to the financial statements are rounded to the nearest million. 
 
 42 

million net loss in 2022; and the real estate and construction industries are experiencing declining market conditions which have negatively impacted property valuations as well as financing capabilities and terms. 
 
 In performing the second step of this assessment, management is required to evaluate whether the Company's plans to mitigate the conditions above alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company's ability to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 
 
 As part of management's evaluation of the second step of this assessment, management notes that subsequent to year end, but prior to the filing of these financial statements, the Company has done the following: completed a 1-for-20 reverse stock split increasing its closing bid price above the 1.00 minimum NASDAQ requirement and regaining compliance with this Nasdaq Continued Listing Requirement; executed an Amendment to the Revolver Loan Agreement with BankUnited to alleviate the breach of financial covenants and the bank s ability to call the loan; has million sales closed after December 31, 2022 or under contract as of March 28, 2023 and significant additional assets that are held for sale; has construction loans in place; has met its equity requirement for its Pacific Ridge, Wyndstone, Meadowscape, and Belfair Phase 1 projects; has substantially completed its fee build contracts; shut down its quarry operations; eliminated most of its full time employees in its horizontal infrastructure division; and sold a significant majority of its equipment, all of which was directly or indirectly associated with significant net loss generating activities during 2022. Additionally, the Company's future plans include: raising additional funds through the sales of assets; obtaining new debt financing and/or refinancing existing debt; pulling cash out of one or more of its multifamily properties by obtaining a project level equity partner; and/or raising capital in the private or public equity or debt markets. Based on the properties under contract for sale, interest in the Company's available for sale properties, its prior track record of raising both debt and equity capital, and management's ongoing discussions and negotiations with potential financing partners, management believes it is probable that the Company's plans will be effectively implemented and probable that those plans will mitigate the previously mentioned conditions and events that raised substantial doubt. 

43 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2018 Plan. On June 1, 2022, the stockholders of the Company voted to approve an amendment to the 2018 Plan to increase, by , the authorized number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance as options under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 Effective December 3, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved and adopted the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan allows the Administrator, currently the Compensation Committee, to determine the issuance of restricted stock to eligible officers, directors, and key employees. The Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2020 Plan. On June 1, 2022, the stockholders of the Company voted to approve an amendment to the 2020 Plan to increase, by , the authorized number of shares of common stock available for awards under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee and non-employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. 
 
 The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date. 
 
 Options and warrants are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. The Company accounts for forfeitures of stock options as they occur. When forfeitures occur, the unvested portion of the previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period of the forfeiture. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expenses are included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Exercise price - 
 - 
 Expected life of grants in years - 
 - 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock - 
 - 
 Dividends 
 
 The expected term is computed using the simplified method as permitted under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate the expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. The share price is the closing price on the date of grant. Expected volatility is based on the historical stock price volatility of comparable companies common stock as the stock does not have sufficient historical trading activity. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods. 
 
 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 
 Share repurchases are recorded to common stock at the value of the cash consideration paid, as the Company's common stock has no par value. These shares were being repurchased for the purpose of constructive retirement. (See Note 17. Stockholders Equity.) 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company effected a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common 
 44 

45 

Effect of dilutive securities: Diluted net income (loss) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive securities (a): Restricted Stock Awards Options Warrants Convertible Preferred Stock Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion diluted Basic net earnings (loss) per common share ) Diluted net earnings (loss) per common share ) (a) - Outstanding anti-dilutive securities excluded: Unvested restricted stock awards Stock options Warrants to purchase common stock (1) 
 Convertible preferred stock (2) 
 Warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock (2) 
 
 (1) The number of outstanding warrants did not change or split pursuant to the reverse stock split, but the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise will be adjusted based on a 1 to ratio. 
 (2) Preferred stock and warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock are convertible into common stock on a to 1 ratio. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

million. The Company signed a lease on October 5, 2021 for a new office space. The landlord of the property, University Street Properties I, LLC, is the beneficiary of the LOC. The amount of funds that cover this LOC were moved by WaFd Bank to a controlled account on August 13, 2021. (See Note 10. Letter of Credit.) 
 
 46 

The allowance for doubtful accounts was as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The valuation allowance was million for notes receivable as of December 31, 2022. impairment loss was recognized as of December 31, 2021. (See Note 3. Notes Receivable.) 
 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with Rocklin Winding Lane 22, LLC for million the note for the sale of developed lots. In the third quarter of 2022, Rocklin Winding Lane 22, LLC defaulted on the note due to a missed interest payment on June 30, 2022. As a result, the Company issued a letter of default in August 2022 and began foreclosure proceedings on the underlying real estate asset in October 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a valuation allowance against the note and related bad debt expense within operating expenses of million. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was successful in the foreclosure of the underlying property and took ownership of the property, which was recorded for a fair value of million at the time of repossession. Pursuant to the subordination agreement, the underlying real estate asset had a million senior loan to a third party that was taken over by the Company upon the foreclosure of the property. 

- years 
 Leasehold Improvements The lesser of years or the remaining life of the lease 
 Furniture and Fixtures years Computers years Vehicles years 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company capitalized interest from third-party borrowings of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 A property is classified as held for sale when all of the following criteria for a plan of sale have been met: 
 47 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges of million and million relating to the Winding Lane lots and Pacific Ridge apartments, respectively. These charges are included in the real estate balance as presented in Note 5. Real Estate. The Company did not identify any other real estate that qualified for an impairment charge. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not identify any trigger events that would require further investigation under ASC 360 and no impairment was recorded for the period. 
 
 48 

49 

Developed Lots Entitled Land Fee Build Multi-family Construction Materials Total Revenue 
 
 The following table disaggregates the Company s revenue based on the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Performance obligations satisfied at a point in time Performance obligations satisfied over time Total Revenue 

, were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 50 

uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

51 

impairment losses recognized for long-lived assets. 

2. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Revenue Concentrations 
 
 Homes 
 
 There were no concentrations in relation to the homes revenue segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Developed Lots 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers each represented and of the developed lots revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, five customers each represented , , , , and of the developed lots revenue, respectively. 
 
 Entitled Land 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers each represented and of the entitled land revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers each represented and of the entitled land revenue, respectively. 
 
 Fee Build 
 
 One customer represented of fee build revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

3. 
 
 million. These notes arose as financing by the Company for the sale of real estate properties or financing the development of the properties prior to acquisition. These notes are secured by the underlying improved real estate properties and accrue interest at annual rates ranging from to . All payments of principal and interest are due in full between March 30, 2023 and December 20, 2024. The outstanding balance of the notes amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Interest income was million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In March 2022, the Company and Noffke Horizon View, LLC entered into a promissory note with a payment in full due on March 31, 2023 of million ("the note") for the sale of land. In March 2023, Noffke Horizon View, LLC notified the Company that they are unable to pay this amount in full by the due date and the Company agreed to settle the note for a reduced amount totaling million. The Company has evaluated this settlement as a recognized subsequent event prior to the issuance of the financial statements and has determined that the note is not fully collectible as of December 31, 2022. The Company recorded a valuation allowance against the note and related bad debt expense within operating expenses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

52 

Modern Homestead LLC Noffke Horizon View, LLC Total Notes Receivable 

4. 
 
 Vehicles Furniture and Fixtures Leasehold Improvements Total Fixed Assets Less Accumulated Depreciation ) ) Fixed Assets, Net 
 
 In December of 2022, the Company sold a significant portion of machinery and equipment which was primarily used for fee build and quarry projects as these projects are nearing completion. 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5. 
 
 Construction in Progress Held for Sale Total Real Estate 

6. 
 
 Income Tax Payable Retainage Payable Accrued Compensation, Bonuses, and Benefits Accrued Quarry Reclamation Costs Other Accruals Total Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 
 
 53 

7. 
 
 million. The credit facility has a term, with a maturity date of March 7, 2024. The unpaid principal bears interest at a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the daily simple secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus the applicable margin of . The credit facility is used to fund the Company s general working capital needs and interest is expensed as incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company capitalized debt issuance costs of million, respectively. These costs are recorded as debt discount and amortized ratably over the life of the loan. The credit facility is collateralized by all of the Company s assets wherein the Lender is granted a junior priority interest in all collateralized Company assets that Lender has previously identified as a permitted lien or other encumbrance that the Company regularly incurs through its ordinary course of business; in all other Company assets, Lender maintains a first priority security interest. The credit facility also contains specific financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the minimum interest coverage ratio requirement and consolidated liquidity covenant. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Company entered into an amended loan agreement (the Amendment with the Lender, whereby the Lender agreed to waive its right to accelerate and declare all of the debt immediately due and owing, based upon the previously disclosed non-compliance with financial covenants resulting in technical default under the loan agreement. Further, the Lender waived the requirement that the Company comply with certain financial covenants through maturity of the debt. These concessions were made as a result of the Company granting the Lender second mortgage positions for certain properties owned by the Company, as well as transferring to the Lender membership certificates pledging certain properties as collateral and perfecting the Lender s security interest in the pledged LLCs. Additionally, the Company agreed to make principal reduction payments including paying the Lender million on the 20th of every month which otherwise would have been paid to preferred shareholders as a dividend on the preferred stock, and pay to the Lender of all net cash proceeds from asset sales, public offerings of any class of stock or debt, private equity recaptures, or any capital raise. The Company also agreed that it will not close on any new projects without the Lender's express written consent and will not repurchase any of its outstanding securities. The aforementioned payments will continue to be made until the earlier of March 7, 2024 or until the loan has been paid in full. 
 
 Interest expense was million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the revolving line of credit loan balance was million and the unamortized debt discount balance was million. 

8. 
 
 to , collateralized by equipment with monthly payments ranging from to : 
 Book value of collateralized equipment: 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 Interest expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 54 

9. 
 
 terms but will be extended or refinanced if the project is not completed within one to and will be due upon the completion of the project. Interest accrues on the loans and is included with the payoff of the loan. Interest ranges from to . Interest expense and amortization of debt discount are capitalized when incurred and expensed as cost of goods sold when the corresponding property is sold. The loan balances related to third party lenders as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. The unamortized debt discounts related to these construction loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. The book value of collateralized real estate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

10. 
 
 million on August 10, 2021. The letter of credit expires February 1, 2032. The interest rate of the letter of credit is Prime plus . The letter of credit has been established for the purpose of collateralizing the Company s new Tacoma office lease obligations with the landlord which is the beneficiary of the letter of credit. (See Note 1. Restricted Cash.) 

11. 
 
 million. A down payment of million was made and the remaining balance was financed over months. The interest rate on the loan is . The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 
 The Company purchased D O insurance on August 28, 2021 for million. A down payment of million was made and the remaining balance of million was financed over months. The interest rate on the loan is . The loan balance as of December 31, 2021 was million. 

12. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

13. 
 
 townhomes located in East Bremerton, Washington for million. Closing is expected to take place in Q3 2023. 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for the acquisition of acres of land in Blaine, Washington for million. Closing is expected to take place in Q4 2023. 
 
 On April 21, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement for the acquisition of acres of land located in Port Orchard, Washington for million. Closing is expected to take place in Q2 2023. 
 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement to acquire acres of land located in Stanwood, Washington for million. Closing is expected to take place by Q2 2024. 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement to acquire acres of land located in Tacoma, Washington for million. Closing is expected to take place in Q1 2024. 

14. 

55 

to month maturity, including those that have been extended. The interest rates range between and . As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan balances were million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company capitalized loan fees of million and million, respectively. These fees are recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the loan. The amortization is capitalized to real estate. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and million of remaining unamortized debt discounts, respectively. The interest is capitalized to real estate as incurred and will be expensed to cost of goods sold when the property is sold. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company incurred interest of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Robb Kenyon resigned as a director of the Company on July 8, 2021. 
 
 Due to Related Party 
 
 The Company utilizes a quarry to process waste materials from the completion of raw land into sellable/buildable lots. The materials produced by the quarry and sold by the Company to others are subject to a commission payable to SGRE, LLC, which is owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President. The commission expense is recorded in operating expenses. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the commission payable was and million, respectively. The commission expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 

15. 
 
 that expire at various dates with no residual value guarantees. Future obligations relating to the exercise of renewal options are included in the measurement if, based on the judgment of management, the renewal option is reasonably certain to be exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise include, but are not limited to, the value of leasehold improvements, the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates, and the presence of factors that would cause a significant economic penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably plans to exercise all options, and as such, all renewal options are included in the measurement of the right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. 
 
 Leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, per the election of the practical expedient noted above. The Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 The Company recognizes variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the period incurred. 

56 

Operating lease expense Total net lease cost 
 
 Total ROU Liabilities Finance leases: Property and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 Property and equipment, net Total Finance lease liabilities ) Operating cash flows from operating leases - lease incentives Financing cash flows from finance leases - lease payments ) ) Assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 
 57 

2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less amount of discount/interest ) ) ) 

16. 
 
 UNICAP Lease liability Stock based compensation Investments Impairment loss on note receivable and real estate and loss provision on fee build contracts Sec. 163(j) interest deduction carryforwards Tax Credits Total assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment Right of use assets Sec. 481(a) adjustments Total liabilities Subtotal deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, management assesses whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, and if a valuation allowance is warranted. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , management determined that it was more-likely-than-not that the Company s deferred tax assets would be realized. valuation allowance was recorded against the Company s federal net deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 The Company has approximately million and million of federal net operating losses NOL for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code limits the utilization of NOL carryforwards following a change of control. Based on our analysis under Section 382, the Company is subjected to such restrictions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company has utilized million of NOL carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has t utilized the NOL carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2022. This will be updated pending finalization of the analysis and the filing of the 2022 tax return. These NOLs will not expire and will remain available for future periods, but are limited to 80 of taxable income, due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, passed in 2017. 

58 

State Total Current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Total Deferred ) ) Valuation Allowance Total Income Tax Expense (Benefit) ) 
 
 Change in federal valuation allowance ) Accrual to return changes and other adjustments to deferred balances Tax credits ) Incentive stock options 
 ) State taxes Change in tax rate 
 Other Effective Tax Rate 
 
 The Company has not recorded any uncertain tax positions for any tax year and treats accrued interest and penalties on income tax liabilities as income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company files an income tax return in the U.S. and is subject to examination by the IRS for the tax years 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

17. 
 
 shares of common stock, at no par value per share. At December 31, 2022, the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Each share of common stock has vote per share for all purposes. Common stock does not provide any preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Common stockholders are not entitled to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, no par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Shares issued and outstanding, and had shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive dividends at per share per annum which are paid monthly in arrears starting June 30, 2021. Beginning on June 9, 2024, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Shares, in whole or in part, by paying per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to but not including the date of redemption. To the extent declared by the Board of Directors, dividends will be payable not later than days after the 
 59 

shares of common stock (subject to adjustment) at any time at the option of the holder. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Preferred Stock . The holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive dividends in the amount of per share, which is equivalent to of the liquidation preference per share. The Company has accrued dividends of million as of December 31, 2022 which were paid to the shareholders on January 20, 2023. The company had accrued dividends of million as of December 31, 2021, which were paid to the shareholders on January 20, 2022. 
 
 Common Stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of the board of directors and depends upon the Company s earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is the Company s present intention not to pay any cash dividends on the Company s common stock in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in business operations. 
 
 2021 Common Stock Offering 
 
 There were no common stock offerings for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 15 and 20, 2021, the Company closed on an offering (the Follow-On Offering of shares of common stock at the public offering price of per share, which includes shares of common stock sold upon full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of common stock for gross proceeds of million. The net proceeds after deducting stock issuance costs were million. 
 
 In addition, upon closing of the Follow-On Offering, the Company issued to the underwriters, warrants with an exercise price of per warrant to purchase shares of common stock for a term of beginning on January 12, 2021 which vested on July 12, 2021. Each warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock (subject to adjustment) at any time at the option of the holder. The fair value of these warrants is million. 
 
 Preferred Stock Offerings 
 
 There were no preferred stock offerings for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On June 11, 2021, the Company closed an offering (the Preferred Stock Offering for Series A Preferred Shares and warrants with an exercise price of per warrant to purchase shares of common stock, which included warrants to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of their over-allotment option, for gross proceeds of million. Each warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock (subject to adjustment) at any time at the option of the holder. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, the underwriters made another partial exercise of their over-allotment option and purchased an additional Series A Preferred Shares for additional gross proceeds of million. The net proceeds from the Preferred Stock Offering after deducting stock issuance costs was million. 
 
 In addition, upon closing of the Preferred Stock Offering, the Company issued to the underwriters warrants, including (i) warrants to purchase Series A Preferred Shares; and (ii) warrants with an exercise price of per warrant to purchase shares of common stock. Each warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock (subject to adjustment) at any time at the option of the holder. 
 
 Each warrant issued in the Preferred Stock Offering has a life of from the date of issue. The fair value of the warrants was million, which was valued using the Black Scholes Model. 
 
 On October 7, 2021, the Company closed an offering (the Follow-On Preferred Stock Offering for Series A Preferred Shares and warrants with an exercise price of per warrant to purchase shares of common stock, which included warrants to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of their over-allotment option, for gross proceeds of million. Each warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock (subject to adjustment) at any time at the option of the holder. 
 
 60 

Series A Preferred Shares for additional gross proceeds of million. The net proceeds from the Follow-On Preferred Stock Offering after deducting stock issuance costs was million. 
 
 Each warrant issued in the Follow-On Preferred Stock Offering has a life of from the date of issue. The fair value of the warrants was million, which was valued using the Black Scholes Model. 
 
 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 
 On May 10, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to million worth of shares of common stock beginning May 10, 2022. The amount of the repurchase program represented approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock valued at the closing price on May 10, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock under this repurchase program at an average price of per share for a total of approximately million. 
 
 As a part of the amended loan agreement reached with BankUnited, N.A. on February 23, 2023, the Company agreed that it will not repurchase any of its currently outstanding securities. 
 
 On November 3, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to million worth of shares of common stock beginning November 22, 2021. The amount of the repurchase program represented approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock valued at the closing price on November 3, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of common stock under this repurchase program at an average price of per share for a total of approximately million. 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which the stockholders approved a proposal to effect a reverse split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of between 1-for-3 and 1-for-25 (the Reverse Stock Split ), such ratio to be selected at the sole discretion of the Company's Board without further stockholder action. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the implementation of the Reverse Stock Split at a ratio of 1-for-20 shares of our common stock. The Company filed Articles of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation for the Reverse Stock Split with the Washington Secretary of State on March 1, 2023 and the Reverse Stock Split was effected on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2023. 
 
 As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every shares of common stock either issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was, automatically and without any action on the part of the respective holders thereof, combined and converted into one share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split also applied to common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Company's outstanding warrants, outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock awards, stock and stock option plans, and upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the par value of common stock or the shares of common stock authorized to issue under the Articles of Incorporation, as amended. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Fractional shares which would otherwise result from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 
 (A) Options 

61 

Exercisable January 1, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 Exercisable December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 Exercisable December 31, 2022 

- 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued options to employees. The options have an exercise price between and per share, a term of , and vest over one or . The options have an aggregated fair value of approximately million that was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the assumptions discussed above and in Note 1 under Stock-Based Compensation. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had options exercised by former employees. These options were exercised at per share for a total of million. 
 
 The Company recognized share-based compensation net of forfeitures related to options of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On December 31, 2022, unrecognized share-based compensation was million. 
 
 The intrinsic value for outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 was and and as of December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 (B) Warrants 

62 

Exercisable January 1, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding December 31, 2021 Exercisable December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding December 31, 2022 Exercisable December 31, 2022 

Warrants Outstanding Warrants Exercisable Exercise Price Number Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years) Weighted Average Exercise Price Number Exercisable Weighted Average Exercise Price - 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in connection with investor relation services being performed. The warrants have an exercise price of per warrant, a term of , and vest over . The fair value of these warrants is million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The intrinsic value for outstanding and exercisable warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and million, respectively. 

63 

Exercisable January 1, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding December 31, 2021 Exercisable December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding December 31, 2022 Exercisable December 31, 2022 
 
 Warrants Outstanding Warrants Exercisable Exercise Price Number Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years) Weighted Average Exercise Price Number Exercisable Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 The intrinsic value for outstanding and exercisable preferred warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 
 
 (C) Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited/Cancelled Non Vested Balance - December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited/Cancelled Non Vested Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company periodically grants restricted stock awards to the Board of Directors and certain employees pursuant to the 2020 Plan. These typically are awarded by the Compensation Committee at one time and from time to time, to vest over one to , unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The Company recognized million and million of share-based compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 64 

million of unrecognized compensation related to non-vested restricted stock. 

18. 
 
 executive officers, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer. In determining the reportable segments, the CODM group considers similar economics and characteristics including product types, construction processes, customer type, regulatory environments, and underlying demand and supply. 
 
 The Company s business is organized into material reportable segments which aggregate 99.9 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 1) Homes 
 2) Developed lots 
 3) Entitled land 
 4) Multi-family 
 5) Fee Build 
 
 65 

Developed lots Entitled land Multi-family Fee Build Other Cost of goods sold by segment Homes Developed lots Entitled land Multi-family Fee Build Other Gross profit (loss) by segment Homes Developed lots ) Entitled land Multi-family ) Fee Build ) Other ) ) ) 
 
 The following represents total assets for the Company s reportable segments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Homes Developed lots Entitled land Multi-family Fee Build Unallocated (Shared) Total Assets 

19. 

66 

Estimated earnings (loss) ) Costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts Billings to date Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 
 ) Provision for loss on contract ) Contract Assets (Liabilities), net ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the contract liability was million as compared to a contract asset of million at December 31, 2021. The uncollected billings were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

20. 
 
 million. Closing is expected to take place in Q2 2023. 
 
 On January 20, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board voted to suspend the Company s cash dividend payments on the Company s Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, in relation to the negotiation of terms, for the restructuring its loan from BankUnited, N.A. The suspension is beginning with the February 2023 dividend payment and continuing until such time as the Company, with the approval of the Board, reaches a final agreement with the BankUnited, N.A. 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Company entered into an amended loan agreement (the Amendment with BankUnited N.A. (the Lender for the restructuring of its Loan Agreement dated March 7, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Lender agreed to waive any and all defaults to date, the Company s future compliance with certain financial covenants, and its right to accelerate the loan payments. The Company granted the Lender second mortgage positions on certain properties as well as transferred the membership certificates to the Company s subsidiaries as collateral. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay the Lender million on the 20th of every month which otherwise would have been paid as a dividend to preferred shareholders, and of all net cash proceeds from asset sales, public offerings or any class of stock or debt, private equity captures, or any capital raise. The Company also agreed that it will not close on any new projects without the Lender s express written consent and will not repurchase any of its outstanding securities. The aforementioned payments will continue to be made until the earlier of March 7, 2024 or until the loan has been paid in full. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Board approved the implementation of the Reverse Stock Split at a ratio of 1-for-20 shares of our common stock. The Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation for the Reverse Stock Split with the Washington Secretary of State on March 1, 2023 and the Reverse Stock Split was effected on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2023. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every shares of common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was, automatically and without any action on the part of the respective holders thereof, combined and converted into one share of common stock. All share and per share amounts of common stock presented in this Report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for-20 Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 On March 24, 2023 the Company agreed to settle the note receivable with Noffke Horizon View, LLC, which was entered into in March 2022 for million, for a reduced amount of million. (See Note 3. Notes Receivable.) 
 67 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 
 No events occurred requiring disclosure under Item 304 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 The material weakness in internal control relating to diluted earnings per share as indicated in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A as well as the third quarter 2021 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A was remediated within the year ended December 31, 2022. Management improved the system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements and has significantly enhanced our accounting team through the hirings of a Director of Accounting, Senior Manager of SEC Reporting, Senior Finance Manager, and Tax Manager. We also provided additional training to our personnel and have engaged a nationally recognized third-party accounting firm with whom our management and accounting personnel can consult regarding the application of complex accounting transactions. Management monitored the improvements made to the overall control environment during the first two quarters of the year and sufficiently tested the effectiveness of internal controls surrounding diluted earnings per share during Q2 of 2022. 
 
 Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are operating effectively. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the enhancements to internal controls related to diluted earnings per share, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 This Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies as defined in the JOBS Act. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 68 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Our board of directors consists of seven directors. We currently have five independent directors. Our directors will serve for one-year terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, at each annual meeting, the successors to each of our seven directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at that meeting. 
 
 Set forth below are the names, ages and positions of our directors and executive officers. 
 
 Name Age Position with the Company Sterling Griffin 61 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of our Board of Directors Jeffrey B. Habersetzer 33 Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 Lance Brown 41 Chief Financial Officer Richard Schmidtke 61 Director Larry Swets 48 Independent Director Dennis Wong 53 Independent Director Wally Walker 68 Independent Director Karen Bryant 55 Lead Independent Director Chris Corr 61 Independent Director 
 
 Biographical Information 
 
 The following is a summary of certain biographical information concerning our current directors and our executive officers. 
 
 Sterling Griffin . Our founder, Sterling Griffin, began his career at James S. Griffin Co. in January 1985 as a principal and Vice President of Marketing, where he focused on the syndication of apartment properties, raw land, and retirement home facilities in the Puget Sound region of Washington State. Beginning in June 1989, Mr. Griffin co-founded several businesses over a 12-year period, while actively self-employed as a real estate broker, investor, and developer. In January 2012, he became the Chief Operating Officer for Hudson Homes LLC, a Washington-based residential builder and developer focused on construction of upscale homes in Pierce and Kitsap Counties, where he was responsible for land acquisition, construction, marketing, and sales. In 2014, Mr. Griffin founded Harbor Custom Development, Inc. Mr. Griffin is a lifelong Washington resident who graduated from Colorado College with a BA in History in 1984. 
 
 Jeffrey B. Habersetzer . Jeffrey B. Habersetzer serves as our Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Habersetzer has ten years of experience in real estate, contracts, and corporate governance. Mr. Habersetzer has served as General Counsel since 2019, playing an integral role in four successful capital raises for Harbor; was extensively involved in taking Harbor public in 2020, and currently chairs the acquisitions and due diligence committee. Prior to joining Harbor, Mr. Habersetzer owned a legal practice specializing in real estate, corporate law, multi-family leasing and acquisitions. Mr. Habersetzer holds a Bachelor s degree from the University of Washington, and a law degree and a Master s in Business Administration from Seattle University, graduating Cum Laude in both programs simultaneously. Mr. Habersetzer has been a licensed attorney in the state of Washington since 2017. 
 
 Lance Brown . Mr. Brown serves as our Chief Financial Officer. His primary focus is raising capital, providing financial support and oversight for operations, investor relations, financial planning analysis, general ledger accounting, SEC reporting, and tax. Prior to joining Harbor, Mr. Brown was Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer at Select Interior Concepts (NASDAQ: SIC), where he was responsible for Finance, Accounting, SEC Reporting, and Tax. During his time at SIC, Mr. Brown developed the public company accounting and reporting infrastructure; was extensively involved in the diligence and integration for multiple completed acquisitions; assisted with the sale, divestiture, and de-integration of SIC s largest business unit to a major competitor; and provided significant support for the sale and going private transaction of SIC. Mr. Brown started his career in public accounting at PricewaterhouseCoopers. He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Georgia and a Master of Accountancy from Auburn University. Mr. Brown is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 69 

Richard Schmidtke, CPA. Richard Schmidtke has been a Director on our board of directors since October 2018. Mr. Schmidtke is the founder of Schmidtke Associates, PLLC, a full-service accounting company he founded in August 2008. Mr. Schmidtke has 30 years of public accounting experience. Mr. Schmidtke has played an essential role in the success of numerous businesses in a wide range of industries including, tax planning, real estate, retail, and manufacturing. As a native of Tacoma, Washington, Mr. Schmidtke has established strong relationships in the community. His past and current involvement includes Trustee and Board Member of Tacoma Goodwill Foundation, past president of the Tacoma Goodwill, Trustee of the Tacoma Art Museum, board member of the Tacoma Community Redevelopment Authority Board, and Tacoma Lawn and Tennis Club. Mr. Schmidtke graduated from the University of Washington with a BA in Economics. 
 
 Larry Swets . Larry Swets has been an Independent Director on our board of directors since February 2020. Mr. Swets has over 25 years of experience within financial services encompassing both non-executive and executive roles. Mr. Swets founded Itasca Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm, in 2005 and has served as its managing member since inception. Mr. Swets also founded and is the President of Itasca Golf Managers, Inc., a management services and advisory firm focused on the real estate and hospitality industries, in August 2018. Mr. Swets has served as the Chief Executive Officer of FG Financial Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: FGF) (formerly 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc.), which operates as a diversified reinsurance, investment management and real estate holding company, since November 2020, after having served as Interim CEO from June 2020 to November 2020. Mr. Swets has also served as Senior Advisor to Aldel Financial Inc. (NYSE: ADF), a special purpose acquisition company since March 2021, and as Chief Executive Officer of FG New America Acquisition II Corp., a special purpose acquisition company in the process of going public and focused on merging with a company in the InsureTech, FinTech, broader financial services and insurance sectors since February 2021. Mr. Swets is a member of the board of directors of FG Financial Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: FGF) since November 2013; GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV: GFP), a public company focused on investments in the forest products industry since June 2016; Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (Nasdaq: HCDI) since February 2020; Ballantyne Strong, Inc. (NYSE American: BTN) since October 2021; Insurance Income Strategies Ltd. since October 2017; Alexian Brothers Foundation since March 2018; and Unbounded Media Corporation since June 2019. 
 
 Previously, Mr. Swets served as a Director and Chief Executive Officer of FG New America Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: FGNA), a special purpose acquisition company which merged with OppFi Inc. (NYSE: OPFI), a leading financial technology platform that powers banks to help everyday consumers gain access to credit, from July 2020 to July 2021. Mr. Swets served as Chief Executive Officer of GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV: GFP) (formerly Itasca Capital Ltd.) from June 2016 to June 2021. Mr. Swets served as the Chief Executive Officer of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (NYSE: KFS) from July 2010 to September 2018, including as its President from July 2010 to March 2017. He served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of 1347 Capital Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from April 2014 to July 2016 when the company completed its initial business combination to form Limbach Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: LMB). Mr. Swets also previously served as a member of the board of directors of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: LMB) from July 2016 to August 2021; Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (NYSE: KFS) from September 2013 to December 2018; Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: AFH) from December 2010 to January 2018; FMG Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: FMGQ) from May 2007 to September 2008; United Insurance Holdings Corp. from 2008 to March 2012; and Risk Enterprise Management Ltd. from November 2007 to May 2012. 
 
 Prior to founding Itasca Financial LLC, Mr. Swets served as an insurance company executive and advisor, including the role of director of investments and fixed income portfolio manager for Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company, formerly known as Kemper Insurance Companies. Mr. Swets began his career in insurance as an intern in the Kemper Scholar program in 1994. Mr. Swets earned a Master s Degree in Finance from DePaul University in 1999 and a Bachelor s Degree from Valparaiso University in 1997. He is a member of the Young Presidents Organization and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. 
 
 Dennis A. Wong . Dennis Wong has been an Independent Director on our board of directors and Chair of our Audit Committee since October 2020. Since 2005, Mr. Wong is the owner of and a consultant with Insurance Resolution Group, a consulting firm focused on providing strategic advisory services to the insurance and financial services sector. From 1997 to 2005, Mr. Wong worked in a variety of corporate roles with Kemper Insurance Companies, a leading national insurance provider, including as Chief Financial Officer of its international operations. From 1991 to 1997, Mr. Wong worked as a public accountant with KPMG LLP, where he specialized in accounting and operational advisory services for the insurance industry. From 2015 through 2021, he served as an independent member of the Board of Directors for FG Financial Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: FGF) (formerly 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc.). Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics with an Accountancy Cognate from the University of Illinois. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 
 Walter Wally Walker . Wally Walker has been an Independent Director on our board of directors since October 2020. Mr. Walker served as a Vice President in Goldman, Sachs Co. s Private Client Services group from 1987 through 1994. 
 70 

In April 1994, Mr. Walker formed Walker Capital, Inc., a San Francisco based money management firm. In September 1994, Mr. Walker became President and General Manager of the Seattle SuperSonics and the Seattle Storm, and in addition to being an owner, served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the teams until their sale in 2006. In his seven years as General Manager, the Sonics had the third best winning percentage (65.1 in the NBA and won the Western Conference Championship in 1996. During his entire tenure as an executive, the Sonics had the fifth best winning percentage in the NBA and won four of the six division titles in Seattle Sonics 41 year history. The Seattle Storm won the WNBA Championship in 2004. In 1998, he was voted runner-up by his peers, for NBA Executive of the Year. In late 2007, he formed Hana Road Capital LLC, where he remains as its owner and Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Walker graduated from the University of Virginia in 1976 as an Academic All-American with a BA in psychology. He was the first ever Virginia player to win the Everett Case Award, for being MVP of the ACC tournament. His number 41 has been retired by the University of Virginia. In 2001 he was named as one of six recipients of the NCAA Silver Anniversary Scholar-Athlete Award. He received his Masters of Business Administration from Stanford University Graduate School of Business in 1987. He was conferred as a Chartered Financial Analyst in 1992. He served on the Board of Visitors, at the University of Virginia from 1997 2001. In addition to his investment and management experience, Mr. Walker was drafted in the first round (5th overall) by the Portland Trailblazers in 1976 and was a member of the Portland Trailblazers 1977 Championship team. After the 1977 season, Mr. Walker was traded to the Seattle SuperSonics, where he was a member of the SuperSonics 1979 Championship team. In 1982, Mr. Walker was traded to the Houston Rockets. He retired from professional basketball in 1985. He received the George W. Kirchner Award for contributions to Lancaster County sports in 1986. In 1993, he was inducted into the Pennsylvania State Sports Hall of Fame and was named the greatest player of the 20th Century from Lancaster County, Pa. He was a member of the USA s gold winning World University Games team in 1973, played in Russia. Since 2005, Mr. Walker has been a member of the Advisory Council of Stone Arch Capital, a Minneapolis based private equity firm. Mr. Walker also serves as an independent trustee at Smead Capital Management, a Seattle based mutual fund. In 2018, he joined the Governing Council of the Miller Center of Public Affairs, at The University of Virginia. 
 
 Karen Bryant . Ms. Bryant has been an Independent Director on our board of directors since June 2021. In December 2022, Ms. Bryant was appointed Lead Independent Director for Harbor. For 25 years, Karen Bryant has run high-profile organizations, navigating complex internal and external dynamics while driving business growth and operational excellence. Ms. Bryant has been at the helm of women s professional basketball for over 18 years. In January 2023, Ms. Bryant was appointed to the role of Chief Administrative Officer and General Manager of the Los Angeles Sparks. Previously, she served as General Manager of the Seattle Reign and then, ultimately, as President and CEO of the Seattle Storm from 2008 through 2014. Under her leadership, the Seattle Storm won two WNBA Championships, set multiple attendance and revenue records, and established itself as one of the WNBA s premier franchises. In 2014, Ms. Bryant started and led a management consulting firm until one of her clients, Atavus Sports, appointed her CEO in 2016. With Atavus, Ms. Bryant led a three-year process of market research, competitive analysis, customer discovery, product development, and sales. In Fall 2019, Atavus was acquired by a private equity firm in a successful exit. After a successful 13-year run as CEO for two organizations, Ms. Bryant returned to her management consulting firm in March 2020. Ms. Bryant also serves as an Executive Coach to business leaders and entrepreneurs and is well-recognized for leading high-performing teams. Ms. Bryant s recognition includes Seattle Sports Commission Executive of the Year, Sports Business Journal Gamechanger, Puget Sound Business Journal Woman of Influence, Greater Seattle Business Association Businessperson of the Year Finalist, and Girl Scouts of Western Washington Woman of Distinction. Ms. Bryant was a scholarship athlete at Seattle University and the University of Washington, where she graduated in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communication. 
 
 Chris Corr . Mr. Corr has been an Independent Director on our board of directors since September 2021. Mr. Corr is a shareholder and Executive Vice President of Kidder Mathews, the largest independent commercial real estate firm on the West Coast. Mr. Corr specializes in selling and leasing office and industrial properties in South King County, Washington. Since joining Kidder Mathews in 1986, Mr. Corr has managed over two million square feet of real estate as a property manager, assisted in the development and leasing of real estate throughout the region, and, over the past 30+ years, completed over several thousand commercial sale and lease transactions. In 2001, Mr. Corr won the Washington Chapter Society of Industrial and Office Realtors (SIOR) Broker of the Year award. He is frequently quoted in and writes for both the Puget Sound Business Journal and Daily Journal of Commerce. Mr. Corr has also spoken on real estate trends at the NAIOP Commercial Real Estate Development Association Forecast Breakfast. Mr. Corr graduated with honors from the University of Washington, earning his Bachelor of Science in building construction and Bachelor of Arts in business administration. He is a former member of the Seattle University Board of Regents and Kidder Mathews Board of Directors. In his spare time, Mr. Corr is a member of and served as membership chair for both the Seattle Tennis Club and Broadmoor Golf Club. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 
 71 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 During the past five years, none of our officers, directors, promoters, or control persons has been a party to or executive officer of an entity that has filed any bankruptcy petitions. During the past five years, none of our officers, directors, promoters, or control persons have been convicted or been a named subject of any pending criminal proceedings. During the past five years, none of our officers, directors, promoters, or control persons has been held to have violated any state or Federal Securities laws or any Federal commodities law or otherwise have been subject to any order, judgment, or decree not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated permanently enjoining such officer, director promoters, or control persons from the activities enumerated in Regulation S-K Item 4.01(f)(3). 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our officers, directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely on our review of the SEC s EDGAR database, copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the following delinquencies have occurred: 
 
 Name and Affiliation No. of Late Reports No. of Transactions Not Filed on a Timely Basis Known Failures to File Sterling Griffin, Chief Executive Officer and President 2 4 None Jeffrey B. Habersetzer, Chief Operating Officer 2 4 None Lance Brown, Chief Financial Officer 2 5 None 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions and agents and representatives, including consultants. A copy of the code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.harborcustomdev.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions or our directors on our website identified above. The inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this Annual Report. 
 
 Board Diversity 
 
 Pursuant to Nasdaq s Board Diversity Rule 5605(f), we have taken steps to meet the diversity objective as set out in this rule within the applicable transition period. The following is our Board Diversity Matrix as of March 28, 2023: 
 
 Board Diversity Matrix Total Number of Directors 7 Part I: Gender Identity Female Male Directors 1 6 Number of Directors who Identify in Any of the Categories Below: Asian (other than South Asian) 0 1 White 1 5 LGBTQ+ 1 
 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 We have a separately designated Audit Committee consisting of Larry Swets, Dennis Wong, and Wally Walker, all of whom are independent directors, and all of whom qualify as financial experts. 
 
 72 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 On March 6, 2023, we effected a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). All share and per share data included below have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the impact of the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following is a summary of the elements of our compensation arrangements paid to our executive officers for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Sterling Griffin 2022 707,140 247,834 (1) 127,770 (2) 1,082,744 Chief Executive Officer and President 2021 442,750 31,200 (3) 164,690 (4) 638,640 Jeffrey Habersetzer, 2022 379,639 130,184 (5) 33,640 (6) 543,463 Chief Operating Officer 2021 199,250 133,787 (7) 19,892 (8) 352,929 Lance Brown, 2022 376,633 74,489 (9) 80,808 (10) 531,930 Chief Financial Officer 2021 43,616 (11) 216,000 (12) 17,942 (13) 277,558 Lynda Meadows 2022 Former Chief Financial Officer 2021 141,192 (14) 133,787 (15) 53,054 (16) 328,033 Tim O Sullivan 2022 Interim Chief Financial Officer 2021 143,023 (17) 14,312 (18) 157,335 
 
 (1) On January 10, 2022, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Griffin was granted 1,410 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. On May 26, 2022, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Griffin was granted 5,000 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 (2) Consists of commuting expense of 44,845, 401K matching of 19,275, 15,214 of health insurance paid by us, 12,748 in director compensation, as well as 35,688 of commissions earned by SGRE, LLC, which is 100 owned by Mr. Griffin. 
 (3) On August 12, 2021, in his capacity as a member of our board, Mr. Griffin was granted 500 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby equal installments of 125 RSUs vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, beginning on September 30, 2021. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 62.40. 
 (4) Consists of commuting expense of 7,507, 401K matching of 11,600, 25,883 of health insurance paid by us, 15,000 in director compensation, as well as 104,700 of commissions earned by SGRE, LLC, which is 100 owned by Mr. Griffin. 
 (5) On January 10, 2022 Mr. Habersetzer was granted 1,410 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. On May 26, 2022, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 1,750 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 (6) Consists of car allowance of 12,000, 401K matching of 14,109, and 7,531 of health insurance payments. 
 (7) On June 28, 2021, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 5,000 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, whereby equal installments of 208 stock options vest on the last day of each calendar month, beginning on June 28, 2021. The exercise price of the stock options is 65.00. 
 (8) Consists of car allowance of 5,500, 401K matching of 8,190, and 6,202 of health insurance payments. 
 73 

(9) On January 10, 2022, Mr. Brown was granted 235 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. On May 26, 2022, Mr. Brown was granted 1,750 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 (10) Consists of commuting expense of 49,517, 401K matching of 14,877, 15,214 of health insurance payments, and 1,200 of cell phone allowance. 
 (11) Mr. Brown was hired on November 1, 2021. This amount reflects the pro-rated portion of Mr. Brown's annual salary. 
 (12) On November 8, 2021, Mr. Brown was granted 5,000 RSUs pursuant to his employment agreement, whereby 1,667 shares vested on November 8, 2022, and the remaining 3,333 shares will vest on a quarterly basis in eight equal installments, beginning on February 8, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU was 43.20. 
 (13) Consists of commuting expense of 13,509, and 4,433 of health insurance paid by us. 
 (14) Ms. Meadows resigned on August 24, 2021. 
 (15) On June 28, 2021, Ms. Meadows was granted 5,000 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, whereby equal installments of 208 stock options vest on the last day of each calendar month, beginning on June 28, 2021. The exercise price of the stock options is 65.00. These options were forfeited following her resignation on August 24, 2021. 
 (16) Consists of consulting fees of 41,195, 401K matching of 5,648, and 6,211 of health insurance payments. 
 (17) Mr. O Sullivan was acting as interim Chief Financial Offer, effective August 24, 2021 until we appointed Mr. Brown as Chief Financial Officer on November 1, 2021. This amount represents the annual salary paid to Mr. O Sullivan. Mr. O Sullivan resigned on February 24, 2022. 
 (18) Consists of 401K matching of 5,721, and 8,591 of health insurance payments for the full year. 
 
 We believe that the primary goal of executive compensation is to align the interests of our executive officers with those of our shareholders in a way that allows us to attract and retain the best executive talent. Additionally, in order to ensure our executive officers are compensated within the current industry ranges for their respective duties we engaged a national, independent, professional employee consulting firm to evaluate and provide an assessment and recommendations for executive compensation in 2022. 
 
 The compensation incentives designed to further these goals take the form of annual cash compensation and equity awards, as well as long-term cash and/or equity incentives measured by Company and/or individual performance targets to be established by our Compensation Committee. In addition, our Compensation Committee may determine to make equity-based awards to new executive officers in order to attract talented professionals to serve us. 
 
 Annual Base Salary . Base salary is designed to compensate our named executive officers at a fixed level of compensation that serves as a retention tool throughout the executive s career. In determining base salaries, our Compensation Committee considers each executive s role and responsibility, unique skills, future potential with us, salary levels for similar positions in our market, and internal pay equity. 
 
 Option Plan . Certain executives were issued options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. We plan to continue to offer option awards to executives, in the discretion of the board of directors, considering the executive s role and other compensation. 
 
 Stock Award plan . Certain executives were issued restricted stock units RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. We plan to continue to offer RSUs awards to executives, in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, considering the executive s role and other compensation. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options held by our executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 74 

Name and Principal Position Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Options Vesting Commencement Date Exercise Price per share Expiration Date Sterling Griffin, 12/31/2018 3,378 1/1/2019 (1) 8.88 12/31/2023 Chief Executive Officer and President 10/13/2020 1,000 12/31/2020 (2) 92.40 10/13/2030 Jeffrey Habersetzer, 12/19/2019 451 12/19/2019 (3) 7.99 12/19/2029 Chief Operating Officer 9/1/2020 1,000 9/1/2020 (4) 130.00 9/1/2030 6/28/2021 5,000 6/28/2021 (5) 65.00 6/28/2031 
 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2019, Mr. Griffin was entitled to 3,378 stock options pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. One hundred percent of the shares subject to this option vested immediately upon granting of the option. The exercise price of the stock options is 8.88. 
 (2) On October 24, 2020, in his capacity as a member of our board. Mr. Griffin was granted 1,000 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, whereby equal installments of 250 stock options vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, beginning on December 31, 2020. The exercise price of the stock options is 92.40. 
 (3) Mr. Habersetzer was granted 451 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. One thirty-sixth of the shares subject to this option vest each month, subject to Mr. Habersetzer continuing to be an employee. The exercise price of the stock options is 7.99. 
 (4) On September 1, 2020, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 1,000 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, whereby equal installments of 83 stock options vest on the last day of each calendar month, beginning on September 30, 2020. The exercise price of the stock options is 130.00. 
 (5) On June 28, 2021, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 5,000 stock options pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, whereby equal installments of 208 stock options vest on the last day of each calendar month, beginning on June 28, 2021. The exercise price of the stock options is 65.00. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding RSUs held by our executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Name and Principal Position Grant Date Number of RSUs Granted Fair Value of Stock Award Vesting Commencement Date Number of Unvested RSUs Fair Value of Unvested RSUs Sterling Griffin, 12/3/2020 250 22,650 12/31/2020 (1) Chief Executive Officer and President 8/12/2021 500 31,200 9/30/2021 (2) 1/10/2022 1,410 66,834 1/10/2022 (3) 5/26/2022 5,000 181,000 5/26/2023 (4) 5,000 181,000 Jeffrey Habersetzer 1/10/2022 1,410 66,834 1/10/2022 (5) Chief Operating Officer 5/26/2022 1,750 63,350 5/26/2023 (6) 1,750 63,350 Lance Brown, 11/8/2021 5,000 216,000 11/8/2022 (7) 3,333 144,000 Chief Financial Officer 1/10/2022 235 11,139 1/10/2022 (8) 5/26/2022 1,750 63,350 5/26/2023 (9) 1,750 63,350 
 
 (1) On December 3, 2020, in his capacity as a member of our board, Mr. Griffin was granted 250 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 4 equal installments vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, beginning on December 31, 2020. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 90.60. 
 (2) On August 12, 2021, in his capacity as a member of our board, Mr. Griffin was granted 500 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby equal installments of 125 RSUs vest on the last day of each calendar quarter, beginning on September 30, 2021. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 62.40. 
 (3) On January 10, 2022, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Griffin was granted 1,410 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. 
 75 

(4) On May 26, 2022, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Griffin was granted 5,000 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 (5) On January 10, 2022, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 1,410 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. 
 (6) On May 26, 2022, Mr. Habersetzer was granted 1,750 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 (7) On November 8, 2021, Mr. Brown was granted 5,000 RSUs pursuant to his employment agreement, whereby 1,667 shares vested on November 8, 2022 and the remaining 3,333 shares will vest on a quarterly basis in eight equal installments, beginning on February 8, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU was 43.20. 
 (8) On January 10, 2022, Mr. Brown was granted 235 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby all RSUs vested immediately on January 10, 2022. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 47.40. 
 (9) On May 26, 2022, Mr. Brown was granted 1,750 RSUs pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, whereby 1/3 of the RSUs vest on the anniversary date each year, beginning on May 26, 2023. The grant date fair value of the RSU Award was 36.20. 
 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 
 401(k) Plan. We offer all of our employees, including executives, a 401k safe harbor match, where 100 of contributions are matched on the first 3 of monies contributed on a pre-tax basis from payroll and a 50 match on the next 2 that is contributed on a pre-tax basis from payroll. 
 
 Health/Welfare Plans. We have a health care, dental, and vision plan available to all employees, including our executives, who become eligible on the first day of the month following the commencement of their employment. 
 
 PTO Plan. Executives may take PTO at any time, at their own reasonable discretion. 
 
 Other Benefits . Executives are provided with car allowance or reimbursement of commuting and cell phone expenses. 
 
 Employment Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 
 
 Employment Agreement with Sterling Griffin 
 
 We have an employment agreement with Sterling Griffin as our Chief Executive Officer and President, effective January 1, 2019. This employment agreement is for a term of ten years with automatic one-year renewals unless either party gives notice of termination at least 30 days prior to the expiration of its initial term or any renewal term. Mr. Griffin is entitled to an annual salary of 420,000, discretionary bonuses in the discretion of the board of directors, 3,378 options pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, an automobile allowance in the discretion of the board, and participation in all benefit plans, such as paid vacation and health insurance. In the event of our termination of Mr. Griffin without cause, Mr. Griffin is entitled to 26 weeks of his then salary as severance. On June 11, 2021, Mr. Griffin's salary was increased to 462,000. 
 
 On May 26, 2022, Mr. Griffin signed a new employment agreement as our Chief Executive Officer. This employment agreement is for a term of three years with automatic one-year renewals unless either party gives notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the expiration of its initial term or any renewal term. Mr. Griffin is entitled to an annual salary of 510,000, discretionary bonuses in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, participation in all benefit plans, and reimbursement of business expenses including related travel expenses. In the event of our termination of Mr. Griffin without cause, Mr. Griffin is entitled to his unreimbursed business expenses, 100 of his annual base salary plus 100 of his target annual bonus as severance. Additionally, all outstanding restricted stock units and other previously granted awards that would have vested within 12 months of the date of termination shall become fully vested. 
 
 In addition to the 2021 compensation listed above, Mr. Griffin received a cash bonus of 217,140 from 2021 performance on January 18, 2022. No cash bonus was received for 2022. Mr. Griffin was granted 1,410 common shares pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on January 10, 2022 and granted 5,000 common shares pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on May 26, 2022. 
 
 Offer Letter and Employment Agreement with Jeff Habersetzer 
 
 On December 18, 2019, Mr. Habersetzer was offered employment with a starting salary of 112,500, with a retention bonus of 12,500 following a successful one-year performance review. Mr. Habersetzer was issued 1,000 options pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as well as participation in all benefit plans including paid vacation, health insurance, and 
 76 

our 401k program. Mr. Habersetzer s salary was increased to 140,000 on June 15, 2020, and 160,000 on March 22, 2021. On June 28, 2021, the Board of Directors approved new compensation terms for Mr. Habersetzer, in connection with his promotion to Chief Operating Officer. The new terms include an annual base salary increase to 225,000, effective July 1, 2021. On February 7, 2022, Mr. Habersetzer s salary was increased to 280,000. 
 
 On May 26, 2022, Mr. Habersetzer signed an employment agreement as our Chief Operating Officer. This employment agreement is for a term of three years with automatic one-year renewals unless either party gives notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the expiration of its initial term or any renewal term. Mr. Habersetzer is entitled to an annual salary of 280,000, discretionary bonuses in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, participation in all benefit plans, and reimbursement of business expenses including related travel expenses. In the event of our termination of Mr. Habersetzer without cause, Mr. Habersetzer is entitled to his unreimbursed business expenses, 100 of his annual base salary plus 100 of his target annual bonus as severance. Additionally, all outstanding restricted stock units and other previously granted awards that would have vested within 12 months of the date of termination shall become fully vested. 
 
 In addition to the compensation listed above, Mr. Habersetzer was awarded a cash bonus of 105,750 from 2021 performance on January 18, 2022. No cash bonus was received for 2022. Mr. Habersetzer was also granted 1,410 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on January 10, 2022 and 1,750 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on May 26, 2022. 
 
 Employment Agreement with Lance Brown 
 
 On November 1, 2021, we entered into an employment agreement with Lance Brown to serve as our Chief Financial Officer, reporting to our Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement is for a term of three years, and will automatically renew for additional one year periods unless either party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal at least 90 days before any such anniversary. In accordance with the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Brown is paid an annual salary of 280,000 and has the opportunity to earn an annual target bonus of 50 of his base salary with the actual payout determined based on the achievement of annual individual and performance objectives established by the Compensation Committee. In addition, Mr. Brown received a one-time sign on bonus of 75,000, which was paid on January 14, 2022 and was granted 5,000 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, 1,667 shares of which vested on November 8, 2022, and thereafter, the remaining 3,333 shares will vest on a quarterly basis in eight equal installments, whereby all shares shall be vested by November 8, 2024. Mr. Brown may participate in all benefit plans, such as paid vacation, health insurance, and our 401k program. In the event of our termination of Mr. Brown without cause, Mr. Brown is entitled to 100 of his annual base salary plus 100 of his target annual bonus as severance. Additionally, all outstanding restricted stock units and other previously granted awards that would have vested within 12 months of the date of termination shall become fully vested. 
 
 In addition to the compensation listed above, Mr. Brown was awarded a cash bonus of 21,633 from 2021 performance on January 14, 2022. No cash bonus was received for 2022. Mr. Brown was also granted 235 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on January 10, 2022 and 1,750 shares of common stock pursuant to our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan on May 26, 2022. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation earned for service on our board of directors in 2022. We reimburse all directors for their reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their duties as directors, including without limitation, travel expenses in connection with their attendance in-person at board and committee meetings. There were no RSUs or stock options granted to our directors in 2022. 
 
 Director Name Cash Sterling Griffin 12,500 Richard Schmidtke 30,000 Larry Swets 40,000 Dennis Wong 111,250 Wally Walker 40,000 Karen Bryant 30,000 Chris Corr 30,000 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 77 

On November 12, 2018, we adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan which provides for the grant of incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to our employees and the employees of any subsidiary corporation, and for the grant of non-statutory stock options to non-employees, including directors and other service providers. 
 
 Authorized shares . A total of 133,784 shares of our common stock has been reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of options issued from the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Plan administration . Our board of directors administers our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Stock options . Stock options may be granted under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The exercise price of options granted under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The term of an incentive stock option may not exceed ten years, except that with respect to any participant who owns more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, the term must not exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at least 110 of the fair market value on the grant date. The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares, or other property acceptable to the administrator, as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her option for the period of time stated in his or her option agreement. Generally, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, the option will generally remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of options. 
 
 Options Granted . As of December 31, 2022 pursuant to our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, we have issued 40,880 options to purchase shares of our common stock to our employees, officers, and directors. 
 
 Non-transferability of awards . Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an award may exercise an award during his or her lifetime. 
 
 Certain adjustments . In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and/or the number, class and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 
 
 Merger or change in control 
 
 Our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan provides that in the event of a merger or change in control, as defined under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, except that if a successor corporation or its parent or subsidiary does not assume or substitute an equivalent award for any outstanding award, then such award will fully vest, all restrictions on the shares subject to such award will lapse, all performance goals or other vesting criteria applicable to the shares subject to such award will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels, and all of the shares subject to such award will become fully exercisable, if applicable, for a specified period prior to the transaction. The award will then terminate upon the expiration of the specified period of time. 
 
 Amendment, termination . The administrator has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan provided such action will not impair the existing rights of any participant. Our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan will automatically terminate in 2028, unless we terminate it sooner. 
 
 2020 Restricted Stock Plan 
 
 Purpose of the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan . The 2020 Restricted Stock Plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract, retain, motivate, and reward officers, directors, and key employees of us or any of our Affiliates Participants ), by providing them opportunities to acquire shares of our common stock Awards ). 
 
 Stock Subject to the Plan . The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be subject to Awards granted under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan is 135,000 shares of common stock. If any shares of common stock are forfeited, retained by us as payment of tax withholding obligations with respect to an Award, or surrendered to us to satisfy tax withholding 
 78 

obligations, such shares will be added back to the shares available for Awards. The 2020 Restricted Stock Plan contains certain adjustment provisions relating to stock dividends, stock splits, and the like. 
 
 Administration of the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan . The 2020 Restricted Stock Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors. The Compensation Committee has the full power and authority to grant Awards to the persons eligible to receive such Awards and to determine the amount, type, terms, and conditions of each such Award. 
 
 Eligibility . Participants consist of such officers, directors, and key employees of us or any of our Affiliates as the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, determines to be significantly responsible for our success and future growth and profitability and whom the Compensation Committee may designate from time to time to receive Awards under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 Types of Awards . Stock Awards and Performance Awards may, as determined by the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, constitute Performance-Based Awards. 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 The Compensation Committee is authorized to grant Stock Awards and will, in its sole discretion, determine the recipients and the number of shares of common stock underlying each Stock Award. Each Stock Award will be subject to such terms and conditions consistent with the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan as determined by the Compensation Committee and as set forth in an Award agreement, including, without limitation, restrictions on the sale or other disposition of such shares and our right to reacquire such shares for no consideration upon termination of the Participant s employment or membership on the board, as applicable, within specified periods. 
 
 Performance Awards 
 
 The Compensation Committee is authorized to grant Performance Awards and will, in its sole discretion, determine the recipients and the number of shares of common stock that may be subject to each Performance Award. Each Performance Award will be subject to such terms and conditions consistent with the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan as determined by the Compensation Committee and as set forth in an Award agreement. The Compensation Committee will set performance targets at its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number of Performance Awards that will be paid out to the Participants and may attach to such Performance Awards one or more restrictions. Performance targets may be based upon, without limitation, Company-wide, divisional, and/or individual performance. 
 
 The Compensation Committee has the authority to adjust performance targets. The Compensation Committee also has the authority to permit a Participant to elect to defer the receipt of any Performance Award, subject to the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 
 Certain Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan and the compensation attributable to such Awards are intended to (i) qualify as Performance-Based Awards or (ii) be otherwise exempt from the deduction limitation imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code. The Compensation Committee determines whether Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan qualify as Performance-Based Awards. The Compensation Committee will establish in writing the performance goals, the vesting period, the performance targets, and any other terms and conditions of the Award in its sole discretion. 
 
 Vesting . Awards granted to Participants under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan may be subject to a vesting period, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 If we have a Change in Control, all unvested Awards granted under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan will become fully vested immediately upon the occurrence of the Change in Control and such vested Awards will be paid out or settled, as applicable, within 60 days upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, subject to requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee, if a Participant s employment or membership on the board is terminated due to death or Disability, then all unvested and/or unearned Awards will be forfeited as of such date. 
 
 79 

Section 409A of the Code 
 
 Awards under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan are intended either to be exempt from the rules of Section 409A of the Code or to satisfy those rules and shall be construed accordingly. However, we will not be liable to any Participant or other holder of an Award with respect to any Award-related adverse tax consequences arising under Section 409A or other provision of the Code. 
 
 Transferability . Each Award granted under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan will not be transferable other than by a will or the laws of decent and distribution or as otherwise decided by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Fair Market Value . For purposes of the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, Fair Market Value means, as of any given date, the closing price of a share of common stock on Nasdaq or such other public trading market on which shares of common stock are listed or quoted on that date. 
 
 Withholding . All payments or distributions of Awards made pursuant to the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan will be net of any amounts required to be withheld pursuant to applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements. 
 
 Amendments . Our board or the Compensation Committee may amend the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan from time to time or suspend or terminate it at any time. However, no amendment will be made, without approval of our shareholders to (i) increase the total number of shares which may be issued under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) modify the requirements as to eligibility for Awards under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan; or (iii) otherwise materially amend the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan as provided in Nasdaq rules. 
 
 Term of the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan . The 2020 Restricted Stock Plan will terminate on the seventh anniversary of its Effective Date. 
 
 Outstanding Awards . As of December 31, 2022, there were 22,255 Awards issued under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plan 
 
 Our directors and executive officers may adopt written plans, known as Rule 10b5-1 plans, in which they would contract with a broker to buy or sell shares of our common stock on a periodic basis. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the director or officer when entering into the plan, without further direction from them. The director or executive officer may amend a Rule 10b5-1 plan in some circumstances and may terminate a plan at any time. Our directors and executive officers also may buy or sell additional shares outside a Rule 10b5-1 plan when they are not in possession of material nonpublic information subject to compliance with the terms of our policy on insider trading and communications with the public. Our directors and executive officers may not establish any such plan prior to the expiration of certain lock-up agreements. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNER AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 We filed Articles of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation for a 1-for-20 Reverse Stock Split with the Washington Secretary of State on March 1, 2023 and the Reverse Stock Split was effected on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2023. All share and per share data included below have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the impact of the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans, consisting of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. We do not have any non-stockholder approved equity compensation plans. 
 
 80 

Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 49,546 (1) 41.51 (2) 205,649 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 49,546 205,649 
 
 (1) Includes 37,546 outstanding options under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 12,000 unvested RSUs under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 (2) Does not include 12,000 restricted stock awards as they do not have an exercise price. 
 (3) Includes 92,904 options remaining under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 112,745 RSUs remaining under the 2020 Restricted Stock Plan. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 
 The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 28, 2023 by: 
 
 each director; 
 each named executive officer; 
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and 
 each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 The percentage ownership information is based on 719,152 shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules include shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable on or before the date which is 60 days after the date of this document. The rules also include restricted stock units that are vested over 60 days after the date of this document. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options, warrants, or restrict stock units the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 
 81 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (8) 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Percentage of Class 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: Sterling Griffin, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 141,156 (1) 19.5 Jeffrey B. Habersetzer, Chief Operating Officer 7,989 (2) 1.1 Lance Brown, Chief Financial Officer 3,707 (3) Richard Schmidtke, Director 8,544 (4) 1.2 Larry Swets, Director 6,022 (5) Dennis Wong, Director 2,842 (6) Wally Walker, Director 5,450 (7) Karen Bryant, Director 500 Chris Corr, Director 998 All directors and executive officers as a group (nine persons) 177,208 24.0 
 
 Less than 1.0 
 (1) Includes options to purchase 4,378 shares of common stock and 1,667 restricted stock units. 
 (2) Includes options to purchase 6,242 shares of common stock and 583 restricted stock units. 
 (3) Includes 1,000 restricted stock units. 
 (4) Includes options to purchase 1,000 shares of our common stock. 
 (5) Includes options to purchase 2,689 shares of our common stock. 
 (6) Includes options to purchase 1,000 shares of our common stock. 
 (7) Includes options to purchase 1,000 shares of our common stock. 
 (8) Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is 1201 Pacific Avenue, Suite 1200, Tacoma, Washington 98402. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Refer to Note 14. Related Party Transactions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for disclosure on related party transactions, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Policies and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 All related party transactions are voted upon and approved by the disinterested board of directors. The Audit Committee of the board of directors is responsible for evaluating each related party transaction and making a recommendation to the disinterested members of the board of directors as to whether the transaction at issue is fair, reasonable, and within our policy and whether it should be ratified and approved. The Audit Committee, in making its recommendation, will consider various factors, including the benefit of the transaction to us, the terms of the transaction and whether they are at arm s-length and in the ordinary course of our business, the direct or indirect nature of the related person s interest in the transaction, the size and expected term of the transaction, and other facts and circumstances that bear on the materiality of the related party transaction under applicable law and listing standards. The Audit Committee will review, at least annually, 
 82 

a summary of our transactions with our directors and officers and with firms that employ our directors, as well as any other related person transactions. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 We ceased to be a controlled company under the Nasdaq rules on August 28, 2020. 
 
 We currently have five independent directors on our board of directors. We use Nasdaq s definition of independence to make this determination. Nasdaq provides that an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship with which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 
 
 the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, one of our employees; 
 the director who accepted or who has a Family Member who accepted any compensation from us in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence (subject to certain exemptions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 
 the director who is a Family Member of an individual who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed as one of our Executive Officers; 
 the director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a partner in, or a controlling Shareholder or an Executive Officer of, any organization to which we made, or from which we received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000, whichever is more (subject to certain exemptions); or 
 the director who is, or has a Family Member who is, employed as an Executive Officer of another entity where at any time during the past three years any of our Executive Officers served on the Compensation Committee of such other entity; or 
 the director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a current partner of an outside auditor, or was a partner or employee of an outside auditor who worked on our audit at any time during any of the past three years. 
 
 Under such definitions, our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and will review the independence of any new directors based on information provided by each director concerning his background, employment, and affiliations, in order to make a determination of independence. Our board of directors has determined that there are five independent directors on our board of directors. 
 
 Role of our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 
 
 One of the key functions of our board of directors is informed oversight of our risk management process. We have formed supporting committees, including the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each of which supports the Board of Directors by addressing risks specific to its respective areas of oversight. In particular, our Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management takes to monitor and control these exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. The Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, in addition to oversight of the performance of our internal audit function. Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee provides oversight and monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance. The full Board of Directors oversees risk management. 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 Karen Bryant currently serves as our board s lead independent director. The lead independent director has the following duties and powers: 
 
 serving as the liaison between the independent members of the board and the chair; presiding at all board meetings at which the chair is not present, including executive sessions and meetings of non-management directors and/or independent directors; approving the agendas for board meetings and the meeting schedule to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; reviewing information to be sent to the board; 
 83 

reviewing with the chair whether there are major risks which the board should focus upon at such meetings; facilitating communication among the independent directors and with the chair; directing the chief executive officer or corporate secretary to call a special meeting of the board or of the independent members of the board; consulting and communicating directly with major stockholders, when requested by management and when it is appropriate to do so; and performing such other duties as may from time to time be delegated to the lead independent director by the board. 
 
 Committees of our Board of Directors 
 
 We are required to have an audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee. In addition to these required committees, we have utilized a Special Pricing Committee associated with our equity raises. We intend to comply with the requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and applicable Nasdaq corporate governance rules within the required timeframe. 
 
 Nasdaq corporate governance rules require that our Audit Committee be composed of at least three members, all of which must be independent directors who are financially literate as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement. In addition, we are required to certify to Nasdaq that the Audit Committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. 
 
 As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Audit Committee is composed of Larry Swets, Dennis Wong, and Wally Walker. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that all of the members of the Audit Committee meet the definition of independent director for purposes of serving on an Audit Committee under Rule 10A-3 and Nasdaq rules. 
 
 We have established a written charter for our Audit Committee, in which we set forth the duties of the Audit Committee, which among other matters include: 
 
 oversight of our financial reporting, auditing, and internal control activities, the integrity and audits of our financial statements, and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 
 oversight of the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 
 our overall risk exposure and management; 
 the annual review and assessment of the adequacy of the Audit Committee charter and the performance of the Audit Committee; 
 the evaluation of the qualifications, performance, and independence of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 
 the appointment, retention, and termination of our independent auditors and determine the compensation of our independent auditors; 
 the review with the independent auditors of the plans and results of the audit engagement; 
 the sole authority to approve in advance all audit and non-audit services by our independent auditors, the scope and terms thereof, and the fees therefor; and 
 meeting at least quarterly with our executive officers, internal audit staff, and our independent auditors in separate executive sessions. 
 
 A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.harborcustomdev.com. 
 
 Nasdaq also requires that our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee be composed solely of independent directors. The members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Wally Walker, Dennis Wong, and Karen Bryant. The members of our Compensation Committee are Larry Swets, Wally Walker, and Chris Corr. We have also established charters for each of our Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee. 
 
 84 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. (RRBB) an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the financial statements and performed quarterly reviews of the company for 2022 and has been selected to do so for 2023. 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the annual audit of our financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 2022 2021 Audit Fees 165,200 (1) 138,000 (1) Audit Related Fees 4,450 (2) 103,345 (2) Tax Fees All Other Fees Total 169,650 241,345 
 
 (1) Audit fees for 2022 and 2021 include fees for professional services rendered by RRBB for the audit of our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and review of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 (2) Audit-related fees for 2022 include fees related to consents and 2021 include fees related to consents and comfort letters for our public offering documents. 
 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 
 
 Our Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Our Audit Committee approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 85 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Certificate of Conversion and Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated October 1, 2018 
 S-1 3.1 3/31/2020 3.2 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated December 7, 2018 
 S-1 3.2 3/31/2020 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated August 1, 2019 
 S-1 3.3 3/31/2020 3.4 2nd Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated January 15, 2020 
 S-1 3.4 3/31/2020 3.5 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated April 16, 2020 
 S-1 3.5 4/28/2020 3.6 Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 1, 2023 
 8-K 3.1 3/03/2023 4.1 2018 Incentive and Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan, dated November 19, 2018 
 S-1 4.1 3/31/2020 4.2 2020 Restricted Stock Plan, dated October 13, 2020 
 10-Q 10.1 11/16/2020 4.3 Certificate of Designation of 8.0 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, dated June 8, 2021 
 8-K 3.1 6/10/2021 4.4 Warrant Agency Agreement between the Registrant and Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., dated June 11, 2021 
 8-K 4.1 6/14/2021 4.5 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designation of 8.0 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, dated August 13, 2021 
 S-1 3.7 9/10/2021 4.6 Warrant Agency Agreement between the Registrant and Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., dated October 7, 2021 
 8-K 4.1 10/08/2021 4.7 Description of Capital Stock 
 4.7 X 10.1 Director Agreement between the Registrant and Richard Schmidtke, dated October 17, 2018 
 S-1 10.4 3/31/2020 10.2 Independent Director Agreement with Larry Swets, dated March 22, 2020 
 S-1 10.11 3/31/2020 10.3 SoundEquity, Inc. Loan Package, dated November 13, 2019 
 S-1 10.12 4/28/2020 10.4 Indemnification Agreement with Larry Swets, dated June 1, 2020 
 S-1 10.17 6/19/2020 10.5 Lease Agreement with Burnham Partners LLC, dated February 18, 2021 
 10-K 10.22 3/31/2021 10.6 SoundEquity, Inc. Loan Package, dated October 4-5, 2021 
 10-K 10.25 3/31/2021 10.7 Promissory Note with Sound Capital Loans, LLC, dated January 22, 2021 
 10-K 10.26 3/31/2021 10.8 Lease Agreement with University Street Properties I, LLC, dated July 27, 2021 
 10-K 10.13 3/24/2022 10.9 Offer of Employment to Lance Brown dated November 1, 2021. 
 10-K 10.14 3/24/2022 10.10 Loan Agreement with BankUnited, N.A., dated March 7, 2022 
 8-K 1.1 3/10/2022 10.11 Security Agreement with BankUnited, N.A., dated March 7, 2022 
 8-K 1.2 3/10/2022 
 86 

10.12 Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note with BankUnited, N.A, dated March 7, 2022 
 8-K 1.3 3/10/2022 10.15 Employment Agreement with Sterling Griffin, dated May 26, 2022 
 10.15 X 10.16 Employment Agreement with Jeffrey Habersetzer, dated May 26, 2022 
 10.16 X 10.17 Amended Loan Agreement with BankUnited N.A., dated February 22, 2023 
 10.17 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.1 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 X 101. INS XBRL Instance Document 101. SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101. CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101. DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension definition Linkbase Document 101. LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101. PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 87 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HARBOR CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT, INC. Date: March 31, 2023 
 By /s/ Sterling Griffin Sterling Griffin Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 31, 2023 
 By /s/ Lance Brown Lance Brown Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Sterling Griffin President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, and Director March 31, 2023 Sterling Griffin (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Lance Brown Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Lance Brown (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Richard Schmidtke Director March 31, 2023 Richard Schmidtke /s/ Larry Swets Director March 31, 2023 Larry Swets /s/ Dennis Wong Director March 31, 2023 Dennis Wong /s/ Wally Walker Director March 31, 2023 Wally Walker /s/ Karen Bryant Director March 31, 2023 Karen Bryant /s/ Chris Corr Director March 31, 2023 Chris Corr 
 88 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit47-descriptionofcap.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 We were formed as a Washington limited liability company in February 2014 and converted into a Washington corporation on October 1, 2018. We changed our name to Harbor Custom Development, Inc. on August 1, 2019. Our authorized capital stock consists of 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par value, 5,000,000 of which are designated as Series A Preferred Shares. 
 
 As of the date of the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have 719,148 shares of our Common Stock outstanding held by eight shareholders of record, one of which is Cede & Co., a nominee for Depository Trust Company and 4,016,955 Series A Preferred Shares outstanding held by one shareholder of record, Cede & Co. We effected a reverse stock split on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2023 (the Reverse Stock Split ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Each holder of our Common Stock is entitled to one vote per each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common shareholders, and there are no cumulative voting rights. Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of Preferred Stock we may designate and issue in the future, holders of our Common Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters on which shareholders generally are entitled to vote. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of Preferred Stock we may designate and issue in the future, holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. If there is a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of Preferred Stock we may designate and issue in the future, holders of our Common Stock would be entitled to ratable distribution of our assets remaining after the payment in full of our liabilities. 
 
 Under the terms of our governing documents, the holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. All currently outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The rights of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of our Series A Preferred Shares and any series of Preferred Stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HCDI. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 We have authorized 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to establish one or more series of Preferred Stock. Unless required by law or any stock exchange, the authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock will be available for issuance without further action by our shareholders. Our Board of Directors is authorized to divide the Preferred Stock into series and, with respect to each series, to fix and determine the designation, terms, preferences, limitations, and relative rights thereof, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number of shares constituting the series. Without shareholder approval, we could issue Preferred Stock that could impede or discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders may believe is in their best interests or in which they may receive a premium for their Common Stock over the market price of the Common Stock. 
 
 Series A Preferred Shares 
 
 Designation. We have designated a total of 5,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were 4,016,955 Series A Preferred Shares issued. 
 
 Dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, cumulative cash dividends payable monthly in an amount per each Series A Preferred Share equal to 2.00 per share each year, which is equivalent to 8.0 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares will be payable monthly in arrears, beginning with the month 

ending June 30, 2021. To the extent declared by our Board of Directors, dividends will be payable not later than 20 days after the end of each calendar month. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares will accumulate whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of such dividends, and whether or not such dividends are declared by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Right to Elect One Director Upon Nonpayment. If we fail to make a cash dividend payment with respect to 18 or more consecutive or non-consecutive monthly dividends (a Dividend Nonpayment ), the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares, voting as a separate class, will be entitled to vote for the election of one additional director to serve on our Board of Directors until all dividends that are owed have been paid. Under these provisions, the authorized number of directors on our Board of Directors shall, at the next meeting of the Board of Directors, be increased by one and holders of Series A Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class, shall be entitled, at our next annual meeting of shareholders called for the election of directors or at a special meeting of shareholders called by the Board of Directors, to vote for the election of one additional member of the Board of Directors (the Preferred Share Director provided that (i) any Preferred Share Director shall be reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors and the nominating and corporate governance committee thereof, acting in good faith, (ii) the election of any such Preferred Share Director will not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted), and (iii) that such Preferred Share Director may not be subject to any Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event ), except for a Disqualifying Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). In the event of a Dividend Nonpayment, the holders of at least 50 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares may request that the Board of Directors call a special meeting of shareholders to elect such Preferred Share Director provided, however, to the extent permitted by our bylaws, if the next annual or a special meeting of shareholders is scheduled to be held within 90 days of the receipt of such request, the election of such Preferred Share Director shall be included in the agenda for, and shall be held at, such scheduled annual or special meeting of shareholders. The Preferred Share Director shall stand for reelection annually, at each subsequent annual meeting of the shareholders, so long as the holders continue to have such voting rights. At any meeting at which the holders are entitled to elect a Preferred Share Director, the holders of record of at least one-third of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum and the vote of the holders of record of a majority of such Series A Preferred Shares so present or represented by proxy at any such meeting at which there shall be a quorum shall be sufficient to elect the Preferred Share Director. If and when all accumulated and unpaid dividends on Series A Preferred Shares have been paid in full (a Nonpayment Remedy ), the holders shall immediately and, without any further action by us, be divested of the voting rights described in this section, subject to the revesting of such rights in the event of a subsequent Dividend Nonpayment. If such voting rights for the holders shall have terminated, the term of office of the Preferred Share Director so elected shall terminate at the next annual meeting of shareholders following the date of the Nonpayment Remedy or his or her earlier death, resignation or removal and the authorized number of directors on the Board of Directors shall automatically decrease by one. The Preferred Share Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares then outstanding when they have the voting rights described in this section. In the event that a Dividend Nonpayment shall have occurred and there shall not have been a Nonpayment Remedy, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Share Director (other than prior to the initial election of the Preferred Share Director after a Dividend Nonpayment) may be filled by a vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Shares then outstanding when they have the voting rights described above provided that (i) any Preferred Share Director shall be reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors and the nominating and corporate governance committee thereof, acting in good faith (ii) the election of any such Preferred Share Director will not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted) and (iii) that such Preferred Share Director may not be subject to any Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualifying Event ), except for a Disqualifying Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Preferred Share Director shall be entitled to one vote on any matter that shall come before the Board of Directors for a vote. 
 
 Voting Rights . In addition to the voting rights discussed above, so long as any Series A Preferred Shares are outstanding and remain unredeemed, we may not, without the vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the Series A Preferred Shares (i) engage in a merger, consolidation, or share exchange that materially and adversely affects the rights, preferences, or voting power of the Series A Preferred Shares, unless Series A Preferred Shares are converted into or exchanged for (A) cash equal to or greater than the applicable redemption price per share or (B) preferred shares of the surviving entity having rights, preferences, and privileges that are materially the same as 

those of the Series A Preferred Shares (ii) amend our Articles of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designation establishing the Series A Preferred Shares to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, or voting power of Series A Preferred Shares or (iii) declare or pay any junior dividends or repurchase any junior securities during any time that all dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares have not been paid in full in cash. 
 
 Call Feature . Beginning June 9, 2024, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Shares, in whole or in part, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of redemption. 
 
 Liquidation Preference of Series A Preferred Shares . If we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up, holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will have the right to receive 25.00 per share, plus all accumulated, accrued, and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned or declared) to and including the date of payment, before any payments are made to the holders of our Common Stock or to the holders of equity securities the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank junior to the Series A Preferred Shares. The rights of holders of Series A Preferred Shares to receive their liquidation preference also will be subject to the proportionate rights of any other class or series of our capital stock ranking in parity with the Series A Preferred Shares as to liquidation. 
 
 Conversion at Option of Holder . Each Series A Preferred Share, together with accrued but unpaid dividends, is convertible into Common Stock at a Conversion Price of 4.50 per share of Common Stock, which initially equals 5.556 shares of Common Stock, at any time at the option of the holder, subject to adjustment for the Anti-Dilution Provisions set forth below. As a result of our Reverse Stock Split effected on March 6, 2023, the Conversion Price was adjusted to 90.00 which equals 0.2778 shares of Common Stock for every one Series A Preferred Share, subject to further adjustment. 
 
 Anti-Dilution Provisions . The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment for (i) the payment of stock dividends or other distributions payable in shares of Common Stock or any other class or series of our capital stock (ii) the issuance to all holders of Common Stock of certain rights or warrants entitling them to subscribe for or purchase our Common Stock at a price per share less than the market price per share of Common Stock and (iii) subdivisions, combinations, and reclassifications of our Common Stock. Holders of Series A Preferred Shares will also be entitled to participate in Extraordinary Dividends or other distributions to all holders of our Common Stock of any shares of stock (excluding Common Stock) or evidence of indebtedness or assets (including securities, but excluding those dividends, rights, warrants and distributions referred to in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above and dividends and distributions paid in cash, but not excluding Extraordinary Dividends paid in cash) to the extent each holder would have been entitled if the holder had held the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the holder s Series A Preferred Shares immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such Extraordinary Dividend or distribution. 
 
 Market Trigger Conversion . We, at our option, may cause the Series A Preferred Shares, together with accrued but unpaid dividends, to be converted, which we refer to as a Market Trigger Conversion, in whole or in part, on a pro rata basis, into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price if the trading price of our Common Stock shall have equaled or exceeded 170 of the Conversion Price for at least 20 trading days in any 30 consecutive trading day period ending five days prior to the Market Trigger Conversion Date which is defined below. 
 
 Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . If we fail to deliver to a holder a certificate representing shares issuable upon the valid conversion of such holder s Series A Preferred Shares or fail to credit such holder s balance account with the Depository Trust Company with such shares, as applicable, by the earlier of (i) two trading days and (ii) the number of trading days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the applicable conversion date (the Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided by the holder to us), and if after such Share Delivery Date the holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such holder of the shares which the holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date, then we are obligated to (A) pay in cash to the holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the holder) the amount by which (x) the holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Common Stock that the Company was required to deliver to the holder in connection with the conversion at issue, times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed provided, however, that such holder provides reasonable evidence of the 

date and time of such sell order and such sell order occurred after the date on which we were obligated to deliver such shares of Common Stock and prior to the delivery of the Common Stock related to such conversion, and (B) at the option of the holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the Series A Preferred Shares equal to the number of Series A Preferred Shares submitted for conversion or deliver to the holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if we had timely complied with our delivery requirements. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of business days on which the Common Stock is traded, or able to be traded on the Nasdaq or any successor exchange to the foregoing, or any market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading (including any over-the-counter market). 
 
 Change of Control . If we undergo a Change of Control (as defined below) that was pre-approved by the Company s Board of Directors, holders of Series A Preferred Shares have the option to (i) demand that we redeem the Series A Preferred Shares at (a) 25.81 per Series A Preferred Share on or after June 9, 2022 until and not including June 9, 2023, and (b) 25.00 on or after June 9, 2023, in each case plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to but not including the date of redemption (whether or not such dividends shall have been declared) (ii) continue to hold the Series A Preferred Shares or (iii) convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Shares together with accrued but unpaid dividends. 
 
 Change of Control means an event the result of which is that a Person or group acquires at least 50 voting control of us, and neither we nor any surviving entity has its common stock listed on a recognized U.S. exchange. 
 
 Ranking . The Series A Preferred Shares, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, will rank 
 
 senior to our Common Stock and any other class of equity securities the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank junior to the Series A Preferred Shares on parity (pari passu) with any equity securities the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank without preference or priority over the other and junior to any equity securities the terms of which provide that such equity securities will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 
 We will be restricted in our ability to issue or create any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Shares with respect to dividends or distributions unless the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Shares consent to the same. 
 
 Exchange Listing . Our Series A Preferred Shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol HCDIP. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Paying Agent . Mountain Share Transfer, Inc. will act as the transfer agent and dividend payment agent and registrar in respect of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 We have two registered warrants listed on Nasdaq. The only difference in the terms of the two warrants are (1) the Initial Exercise Date and Issue Date (2) the Exchange Listing stock symbol and (iii) the Exercise Price, as noted below. 
 
 Exchange Listing. We have two registered warrants listed on Nasdaq under the stock symbols HCDIW and HCDIZ. The shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants are listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol HCDI. 
 
 Initial Exercise Date. The Initial Exercise and Issue Date of the HCDIW Warrants is June 11, 2021. The Initial Exercise and Issue Date of the HCDIZ Warrants is October 7, 2021. 

Exercisability . The Warrants are exercisable beginning on the date of issuance. The Warrants will thereafter remain exercisable at any time up to five years from the date of original issuance. The Warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice accompanied by 

payment in full for the number of shares of our Common Stock purchased upon such exercise. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a Warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will round up to the next whole share. The holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or 9.99 upon election prior to issuance of any Warrants) of the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. 
 
 Failure to Timely Deliver Shares . If we fail to deliver to the investor a certificate representing shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant or fail to credit such holder s balance account with the Depository Trust Company with such shares, as applicable, by the third trading day after the exercise date as required by the Warrant, and if the investor purchases the shares of our Common Stock after that third trading day to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the investor of the underlying Warrant shares that the investor anticipated receiving from us, then, within three trading days of receipt of the investor s request, we, at the investor s option, will either (i) pay cash to the investor in an amount equal to the investor s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock purchased less the exercise price (as described below), or the buy-in price, provided, however, that such holder provides reasonable evidence of the date and time of such sell order and such sell order occurred after the missed delivery date and prior to the delivery of the related Warrant shares, at which point our obligation to deliver the Warrant (and to issue the underlying Common Stock) will terminate (ii) reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or (iii) promptly honor our obligation to deliver to the investor a certificate or certificates representing the underlying Common Stock and pay cash to the investor in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the buy-in price over the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the per share closing price of our Common Stock on the date of the event giving rise to our obligation to deliver the certificate. 
 
 Exercise Price. Each HCDIW Warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price initially equal to 5.00 per share of common stock, as adjusted to 100.00 per share following the Reverse Stock Split, and subject to further adjustment as described below. Each HCDIZ Warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price initially equal to 2.97 per share, as adjusted to 59.40 per share of common stock following the Reverse Stock Split, and subject to further adjustment as described below. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications, or similar events affecting our Common Stock. Holders of Warrants will also be entitled to participate in any grants, issues, or sales by the Company of Company Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Warrant) or rights to purchase assets, including cash, stock, or other property to our stockholders to the extent each holder could have participated if the holder had held the number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of the holder s Warrants immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such grant, issue, or sale. 
 
 Fundamental Transaction. If, while the Warrants are outstanding, we consummate any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Warrant), the Warrants may be exercised for the consideration received in the Fundamental Transaction. 
 
 Cashless Exercise . If, at any time during the term of the Warrants, the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants is not covered by an effective registration statement, the holder is permitted to effect a cashless exercise of the Warrants (in whole or in part) by having the holder deliver to us a duly executed exercise notice, canceling a portion of the Warrant in payment of the purchase price payable in respect of the number of Common Stock purchased upon such exercise. 
 
 Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in the Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our Common Stock, the holder of a Warrant does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the Warrant. 
 
 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The Warrant Agency Agreement provides that the validity, interpretation, and performance of the Warrants and the Warrant Agency Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. In addition, the Warrant Agency Agreement provides that any action, proceeding or claim against the Company arising out of or relating to the Warrants or the Warrant Agency Agreement must be brought and enforced in the courts of the state of Washington, or if no state courts, then the 

United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. All Warrant holders are bound by these provisions. However, the foregoing provisions do not apply to actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Washington Law and of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 The following summary of certain provisions of the Washington Business Corporations Act (referred to as the WBCA) and of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the WBCA and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 
 Our Board of Directors 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that the number of our directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively by action of our Board of Directors. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that, subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of holders of any series of Preferred Stock and the rights of shareholders to fill any vacancy that results from the removal of a director at a special election meeting as described under Removal of Directors below, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, and any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause may only be filled by the majority vote of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum is present. 
 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, each member of our Board of Directors who is elected at our annual meeting of our shareholders, and each director who is elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, will hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Pursuant to our Bylaws, directors will be elected by a plurality of votes cast by the shares present in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present at such meeting. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights, if any, of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock, any director may be removed from office at any time, but only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Except as described below, this provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of our Board of Directors to fill vacant directorships, precludes shareholders from removing incumbent directors except with the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and from filling the vacancies created by such removal. 
 
 Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, an annual meeting of our shareholders for the purpose of the election of directors and the transaction of any other business will be held on a date and at the time and place, if any, determined by our Board of Directors. Each of our directors is elected by our shareholders to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. In addition, our Board of Directors, the chairman of our Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President may call a special meeting of our shareholders for any purpose, but business transacted at any special meeting of our shareholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice of such meeting. In addition, we will be required to hold a special election meeting under the circumstances described above under Removal of Directors. 
 
 Articles of Incorporation Amendments 
 
 Unless a higher vote is required by its governing documents, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote is required to amend a Washington corporation s Articles of Incorporation. However, amendments which make changes relating to the capital stock by increasing or decreasing the par value or the aggregate number of authorized shares of a class, or by altering or changing the powers, preferences or special rights of a class so as to affect them adversely, also require the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, even though such class would not otherwise have voting rights. 

Pursuant to our Bylaws, in addition to any votes required by applicable law and subject to the express rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors shall be required to amend, modify or repeal any provision, or adopt any new or additional provision, in a manner inconsistent with our provisions relating to the removal of directors, exculpation of directors, indemnification, and the vote of our shareholders required to amend our Bylaws. In addition, pursuant to our Articles of Incorporation, we reserve the right at any time and from time to time to amend, modify or repeal any provision contained in our Articles of Incorporation, and any other provision authorized by Washington law in force at such time may be added in the manner prescribed by our Articles of Incorporation or by applicable law, and all rights, preferences and privileges conferred upon shareholders, directors or any other persons pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation are granted subject to the foregoing reservation of rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or modification to, or repeal of our Articles of Incorporation provisions relating to indemnification or the exculpation of directors shall adversely affect any right or protection existing under our Articles of Incorporation immediately prior to such amendment, modification, or repeal. 
 
 Bylaw Amendments 
 
 Our Board of Directors has the power to amend, modify, or repeal our Bylaws or adopt any new provision authorized by the laws of the State of Washington in force at such time. Under our Bylaws, the shareholders have the power to amend, modify, or repeal our Bylaws, or adopt any new provision authorized by the laws of the State of Washington in force at such time, at a duly called meeting of the shareholders, solely with, notwithstanding any other provisions of our Bylaws or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, the affirmative vote of 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock enabled to vote generally. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by our shareholders at an annual meeting of shareholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, or (3) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time such stockholder gives us the requisite notice of such nomination or business and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and its affiliates and the nominee or business proposal, as applicable. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (2) provided that our Board of Directors has determined that a purpose of the special meeting is to elect directors, by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time such stockholder gives us the requisite notice of such nomination or business and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and its affiliates and the nominee. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Washington law contain provisions that may delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium paid for shares of our Common Stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders, which could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. Certain of these provisions are described below. 
 
 Selected provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and or Bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that 

authorize our Board of Directors, without further action by the shareholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and with respect to each series, to fix the number of shares constituting that series, the powers, rights, and preferences of the shares of that series, and the qualifications, limitations, and restrictions of that series require that actions to be taken by our shareholders may be taken only at an annual or special meeting of our shareholders specify that special meetings of our shareholders can be called only by our Board of Directors, the chairman of our Board of Directors, our chief executive officer, our president, or shareholders of 51 of the outstanding voting shares of capital stock after going public provide that our Bylaws may be amended by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval provide that directors may be removed from office only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors provide that vacancies on our Board of Directors or newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of our directors may be filled only by a vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum provide that, subject to the express rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any amendment, modification, or repeal of, or the adoption of any new or additional provision, inconsistent with our Articles of Incorporation provisions relating to the removal of directors and the vote of our shareholders required to amend our Bylaws requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 provide that the shareholders may amend, modify, or repeal our Bylaws, or adopt new or additional provisions of our Bylaws, only with the affirmative vote of 66 2 3 of the voting power of our capital stock entitled to vote generally and establish advance notice procedures for shareholders to submit nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors and other proposals to be brought before a shareholders meeting. 
 
 Business Combinations under Washington Law . Washington law imposes restrictions on certain transactions between a corporation and certain significant shareholders. Chapter 23B.19 of the WBCA prohibits, with certain exceptions, a target corporation from engaging in certain significant business transactions with an acquiring person who acquires 10 or more of the voting securities of the target corporation for a period of five years after such acquisition, unless the transaction or acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation s board of directors prior to the date of the acquisition or, at or subsequent to the date of the acquisition, the transaction is approved by a majority of the members of the target corporation s board of directors and authorized at a shareholders meeting by the vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares of the target corporation, excluding shares owned or controlled by the acquiring person. The prohibited transactions include, among others, a merger or consolidation with, disposition of assets to, or issuance or redemption of stock to or from, the acquiring person, termination of 5 or more of the employees of the target corporation as a result of the acquiring person s acquisition of 10 or more of the shares, or allowing the acquiring person to receive any disproportionate benefit as a shareholder. After the five-year period during which significant business transactions are prohibited, certain significant business transactions may occur if certain fair price criteria or shareholder approval requirements are met. Target corporations include all publicly traded corporations incorporated under Washington law, as well as publicly traded foreign corporations that meet certain requirements. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 

Our Bylaws provide that a state court located within the state of Washington (or, if no state court located within the state of Washington has jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington) will be the exclusive forum for (a) any actual or purported derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty by any of our directors or officers (c) any action asserting a claim against us or our directors or officers arising pursuant to the WBCA, our Articles of Incorporation, or our Bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision does not apply to actions arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Our shareholders are deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our Bylaws related to the choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our Bylaws may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 
 The WBCA provides that a corporation may indemnify an individual made a party to a proceeding because the individual is or was a director against liability incurred in the proceeding if (i) the individual acted in good faith and (ii) the individual reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in the individual s official capacity, that the individual s conduct was in the best interests of the corporation, and in all other cases, that the individual s conduct was at least not opposed to the corporation s best interests. In the case of a criminal proceeding, the individual must not have had any reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. 
 
 A director may not be indemnified in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the director was found liable to the corporation, or a proceeding in which the director was found to have improperly received a personal benefit. Washington law provides for mandatory indemnification of directors for reasonable expenses incurred when the indemnified party is wholly successful in the defense of the proceeding. A corporation may indemnify officers to the same extent as directors. 
 
 Washington law permits a director of a corporation who is a party to a proceeding to apply to the courts for indemnification or advance of expenses, unless the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise, and the court may order indemnification or advancement of expenses under certain circumstances set forth in the statute. Washington law further provides that a corporation may, if authorized by its articles of incorporation or bylaws or a resolution adopted or ratified by the shareholders, provide indemnification in addition to that provided by statute, subject to certain conditions set forth in the statute. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide, among other things, for the indemnification of directors, and authorize the Board of Directors to pay reasonable expenses incurred by, or to satisfy a judgment or fine against, a current or former director in connection with any legal liability incurred by the individual while acting for us within the scope of his or her employment, provided, however, that such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding will be made only upon the receipt of an undertaking of the director to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the director is not entitled to be indemnified. 
 
 In addition, our Bylaws and director agreements provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for conduct as a director if they are wholly successful in the defense of the proceeding as described above. 
 
 Insofar as the above described indemnification provisions permit indemnification of directors, officers or persons controlling us for liability arising under the Securities Act, we understand that in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock will be available for future issuance without shareholder approval. We may use additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent, and Registrar 
 
 We have retained Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., Atlanta, Georgia, as the transfer agent and warrant agent for our Common Stock, Series A Preferred Shares, and Warrants, as applicable. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 exhibit1015-sterlinggrif.htm
 EX-10.15

exhibit1015-sterlinggrif 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 exhibit1016-jeffhaberset.htm
 EX-10.16

exhibit1016-jeffhaberset 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 exhibit1017-amendmenttol.htm
 EX-10.17

exhibit1017-amendmenttol 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 Vice President Juan Bustabad 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3063131A-376C-4574-B2F4-A2F4479B02E7 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-123122x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sterling Griffin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (the registrant) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Sterling Griffin Sterling Griffin Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312-123122x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lance Brown, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (the registrant) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Lance Brown Lance Brown Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321-123122x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officers of Harbor Custom Development, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Company ), each hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Sterling Griffin Sterling Griffin Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated March 31, 2023 
 s Lance Brown Lance Brown Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hcdi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hcdi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hcdi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hcdi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hcdi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

