<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1282224_0001553350-23-000246.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22635852</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280627</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12044869</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4269607</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2598140</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3108254</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000246.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172904
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000246
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		199
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dolphin Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				860787790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38331
		FILM NUMBER:		23789372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-774-0407

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOLPHIN DIGITAL MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080818

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOGICA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAXIMUM AWARDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000246.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 dlpn_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by a check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting from that prepared
or issued its audit report: 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 

Number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common
stock as of March 23, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORM 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 1 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 7 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 14 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 14 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 14 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 15 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 15 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 15 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 27 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 28 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 28 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 28 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 30 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 31 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 31 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 31 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 31 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 31 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 32 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 34 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this Form 10-K contain forward-looking
statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act , and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act , which are subject
to the safe harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
about our plans, objectives, representations and intentions and are not historical facts and typically are identified by use of terms
such as may, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, predict, potential, continue, will, 
 would and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the
forward-looking statements included herein represent management s current judgment and expectations, but our actual results, events
and performance could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Specifically, this Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements regarding: 

the effects of a challenging economy on the demand for our marketing services, on our clients financial condition and our business or financial condition; 

the impacts of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the measures to contain its spread, including social distancing efforts and restrictions on businesses, social activities and travel, any failure to realize anticipated benefits from the rollout of COVID-19 vaccination campaigns and the resulting impact on the economy, our clients and demand for our services, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and uncertainties; 

risks associated with assumptions we make in connection with our critical accounting estimates, including changes in assumptions associated with any effects of a weakened economy; 

potential adverse effects if we are required to recognize impairment charges or other adverse accounting-related developments; 

our expectations regarding the potential benefits and synergies we can derive from our acquisitions; 

our expectations to offer clients a broad array of interrelated services, the impact of such strategy on our future profitability and growth and our belief regarding our resulting market position; 

our beliefs regarding our competitive advantages; 

our intention to hire new individuals or teams whose existing books of business and talent rosters can be accretive to revenues and profits of the business and our expectations regarding the impact of such additional hires on the growth of our revenues and profits; 

our beliefs regarding the drivers of growth in the entertainment publicity and marketing segment, the timing of such anticipated growth trend and its resulting impact on the overall revenue; 

our intention to expand into television production in the near future; 

our belief regarding the transferability of 42West, The Door, Shore Fire, Viewpoint, Be Social, Socialyte and B/HI s skills and experience to related business sectors and our intention to expand our involvement in those areas; 

our intention to selectively pursue complementary acquisitions to enforce our competitive advantages, scale and grow, our belief that such acquisitions will create synergistic opportunities and increased profits and cash flows, and our expectation regarding the timing of such acquisitions; 

our expectations to raise funds through loans, additional sales of our common stock, securities convertible into our common stock, debt securities or a combination of financing alternatives; 

our intention to implement improvements to address material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 

These forward-looking statements reflect our current
views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We wish to caution readers that certain important factors
may have affected and could in the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from those
expressed in any forward-looking statement. The most important factors that could prevent us from achieving our goals, and cause the assumptions
underlying forward-looking statements and the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our history of net losses and our ability to generate a profit; 

our significant indebtedness and our ability to obtain additional financing or service the existing indebtedness; 

the effect of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business and operations; 

our ability to accurately predict our clients acceptance of our differentiated business model that offers interrelated services; 

our ability to successfully identify and complete acquisitions in line with our growth strategy and anticipated timeline, and to realize the anticipated benefits of those acquisitions; 

our ability to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements; 

adverse events, trends and changes in the entertainment or entertainment marketing industries that could negatively impact our operations and ability to generate revenues; 

ii 

loss of a significant number of entertainment publicity and marketing clients; 

the ability of key clients to increase their marketing budgets as anticipated; 

our ability to continue to successfully identify and hire new individuals or teams who will provide growth opportunities; 

uncertainty that our strategy of hiring of new individuals or teams will positively impact our revenues and profits; 

lack of demand for strategic communications services by traditional and non-traditional media clients who are expanding their activities in the content production, branding and consumer products PR sectors; 

economic factors that adversely impact the entertainment industry, as well as advertising, production and distribution revenue in the online and motion picture industries; 

economic factors that adversely impact the food and hospitality industries, such as those economic factors from the global outbreak of COVID-19; 

competition for talent and other resources within the industry and our ability to enter into agreements with talent under favorable terms; 

our ability to attract and/or retain the highly specialized services of the 42West, The Door, Viewpoint, Shore Fire, Be Social, Socialyte and B/HI executives and employees and our CEO; 

availability of financing from investors under favorable terms; 

our ability to adequately address material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting; and 

uncertainties regarding the outcome of pending litigation. 

The foregoing list of important
factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. In addition, you should consult other
disclosures made by the Company (such as in our other filings with the SEC or in Company press releases) for other factors that may cause
actual results to differ materially from those projected by the Company. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K
for additional information regarding factors that could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
Any forward-looking statements, which we make in this Form 10-K, speak only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation
to update such statements, except as otherwise required by applicable law. We can give no assurance that such forward-looking statements
will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties
referred to in this report or included in our other periodic reports filed with the SEC could materially and adversely impact our operations
and our future financial results. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends
or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

Any public statements or disclosures
made by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this report
will be deemed to modify or supersede such outlook or other forward-looking statements in or accompanying this report. 

iii 

PART I 

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to we ,
 us , our, Dolphin and the Company refer to Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation,
and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a leading independent entertainment
marketing and premium content development company. Through our subsidiaries, 42West LLC 42West ), The Door Marketing Group
LLC The Door ), Shore Fire Media, Ltd Shore Fire ), Viewpoint Computer Animation, Inc. Viewpoint ),
Be Social Public Relations, LLC Be Social ), B/HI Communications, Inc. B/HI and Socialyte LLC Socialyte we provide expert strategic marketing and publicity services to many of the top brands, both individual and corporate, in the motion picture,
television, music, gaming, culinary, hospitality and lifestyle industries. 42West (Film and Television, Gaming), Shore Fire (Music), and
The Door (Culinary, Hospitality, Lifestyle) are each recognized global PR and marketing leaders for the industries they serve. (B/HI is
considered a division of 42West throughout the rest of our discussion.) Viewpoint adds full-service creative branding and production capabilities
to our marketing group and Be Social and Socialyte provide influencer marketing capabilities through their roster of highly engaged social
media influencers. Dolphin s legacy content production business, founded by our Emmy-nominated Chief Executive Officer, Bill O Dowd,
has produced multiple feature films and award-winning digital series, primarily aimed at family and young adult markets. 

We were first incorporated in the
State of Nevada on March 7, 1995 and domesticated in the State of Florida on December 4, 2014. Our common stock trades on The
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DLPN . 

We currently operate in two reportable
segments: our entertainment publicity and marketing segment and our content production segment. The entertainment publicity and marketing
segment is composed of 42West, Shore Fire, The Door, Viewpoint, Be Social and Socialyte and provides clients with diversified services,
including public relations, entertainment content marketing, strategic communications, social media and influencer marketing, creative
branding, and the production of promotional video content. The content production segment is composed of Dolphin Films, Inc. Dolphin
Films and a department within Dolphin, which produce and distribute feature films and digital content. 

With respect to our entertainment
publicity and marketing segment, we currently see a favorable environment for organic growth. The original content budgets of many large
studios and streaming services have grown considerably the past few years and are expected to continue to do so for the foreseeable future.
Furthermore, we have seen the entrance of large streaming services such as Disney+, Apple TV, Peacock (from NBCUniversal), HBO Max, Paramount+
and Discovery, all to compete with Netflix, Amazon and Hulu. We believe that the foremost differentiating factor for all of these platforms
will be original programming and, consequently, it is anticipated that there will be an increase of tens of billions of dollars in programming
spent across the market. We also believe that each of these original shows will need substantial public relations and marketing campaigns
to drive consumer awareness of both the shows themselves and the respective platforms on which to find them. 

Additionally, we have endeavored
to create a marketing super group, combining marketing, public relations, branding, and digital production, that will serve
as a platform for organic growth via the cross-selling of services among our subsidiaries. By way of example, our initial public relations
companies (42West, Shore Fire, and The Door) have identified the capability to run influencer marketing campaigns for clients as a must
have in today s environment, which requires the ability to drive social media awareness and engagement. Thus, we believe
that our subsidiaries, Be Social and Socialyte provide a critical competitive advantage in the acquisition of new clients in the entertainment
and lifestyle marketing space and will continue to fuel topline revenue growth as the average revenue per client increases with the cross-selling
of influencer marketing services. Furthermore, influencer marketing campaigns are also considered essential to so many consumer products
earned media campaigns in today s online marketplace, creating large cross-selling opportunities between our PR agencies and Be
Social s and Socialyte s expertise and services. 

We believe that our expanding portfolio
of public relations and marketing companies will continue to attract future acquisitions. We believe that our marketing super group 
is unique in the industry, as a collection of best-in-class service providers across a variety of entertainment and lifestyle verticals.
We further believe that with each new acquisition in this space, our portfolio will increase its breadth and depth of services and, therefore,
be able to offer an even more compelling opportunity for other industry leaders to join and enjoy the benefits of cross-selling to a wide
variety of existing and potential clients. Thus, we believe we can continue to grow both revenues and profits through future acquisitions
into our entertainment publicity and marketing segment. 

Finally, we believe our ability
to engage a broad consumer base through our best-in-class pop culture assets provides us an opportunity to make investments in products
or companies which would benefit from our collective marketing power. We call these investments Dolphin 2.0 (with Dolphin
1.0 being the underlying businesses of each of our subsidiaries). 

1 

Simply put, we seek to own some
of the assets we are marketing. Specifically, we want to own assets where our experience, industry relationships and marketing power will
most influence the likelihood of success. This leads us to seek investments in the following categories of assets: 1) Content; 2) Live
Events; and 3) Consumer Products. 

The first of our 2.0 investments
was in the new world of NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens). Initially, we had seen a large opportunity in this sector. Even without broad consumer
adoption, the NFT market grew dramatically in 2021, from an estimated 250 million in 2020 to over 40 billion in 2021, according to Bloomberg.
We had believed the NFT market would continue to grow at a rapid pace for years to come, driven by the combination of 1) the ability of
consumers to purchase using a credit card (and not just with cryptocurrencies); 2) consumer-friendly pricing options (previously not readily
available due to large gas fees charged by both sellers and buyers of NFTs to offset the energy consumption required to
 mint the NFT for sale); and 3) popular entertainment and pop culture collectibles being offered. 

In March 2021, we announced our
intentions to enter into the production and marketing of NFTs. In August, 2021, we announced we would develop and launch NFT collections
across all major entertainment industry verticals (film, television, music, gaming, etc.). In October, 2021, we announced the hiring of
Anthony Francisco, former Senior Visual Development Artist at Marvel Studios, and designer of many iconic characters in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe, to be Creative Director of our NFT studios. And in December, 2021, we unveiled our first collection, entitled Creature
Chronicles: Exiled Aliens, a generative art collection of 10,000 unique avatars created by Mr. Francisco. On October 2, 2022, the
Company minted and offered for sale a collection of 7,777 Creature Chronicles: Exiled Aliens NFTs. The collection generated
approximately 13,175 Solana SOL equivalent to approximately 429,000 on the date of the sale, of which
we netted approximately 300,000. 

Despite the success of a sold
out collection (in approximately 90 minutes on a Sunday afternoon), we no longer have immediate plans to design and sell additional
NFT collections, due to the tremendously uncertain macro environment surrounding cryptocurrencies in general (still the primary payment
form for NFTs), and NFTs in particular. 

Our second Dolphin 2.0 investment
was made in October, 2021, when we acquired an ownership stake in Midnight Theatre, a state-of-the-art contemporary variety theater and
restaurant in the heart of Manhattan. An anchor of Brookfield Properties recently opened 4.5 billion Manhattan West development,
the Midnight Theatre held its soft opening in September 2022 and is expected to be fully operating by fourth quarter of 2023. The Midnight
Theatre will feature three distinct experiences for guests: the theatre itself; a separate pan-Asian restaurant, Hidden Leaf; and a ground-level
caf . We manage all aspects of publicity and marketing for the venue (both theatre and restaurant), as well as facilitate talent
and commercial relationships within the entertainment and culinary industries. 

The Midnight Theatre will have a
weekly schedule of performances and immersive experiences across music, comedy, Broadway, and narrative magic shows programmed at the
160-seat venue. The contemporary variety theatre integrates state-of-the-art 270 degree projection mapped visuals into live performances,
allowing for unprecedented intimacy between performers and guests. The Midnight Theatre also has built in live-stream capabilities, allowing
for events inside the theatre to expand beyond into other theaters, people s homes and corporate offices. The theatre will be available
to host live streamed podcasts, comedy specials, music events, Broadway cabarets, corporate keynote events and more. 

Hidden Leaf, the modern pan-Asian
restaurant concept on the second floor of The Midnight Theatre space, led by acclaimed restauranteur Josh Cohen, commenced operations
on July 2022. The restaurant features a 75-seat dining room, 20-seat private dining room and a 40-seat lounge/bar area. Hidden Leaf will
be open for both lunch and dinner and will incorporate world-class food with interactive elements such as table-side prep, wine consignments,
and memberships. 

Our third Dolphin 2.0 investment
was made in December, 2021, when we acquired an ownership stake in Crafthouse Cocktails, a pioneering brand of ready-to-drink, all-natural
classic cocktails created by world renowned mixologist, Charles Joly and esteemed restaurateur, Matt Lindner. Founded in 2013, Crafthouse
Cocktails is an award-winning pioneer in the premium ready-to-drink cocktail category, with eight different, made-from-scratch cocktails,
using all-natural ingredients and premium craft spirits, available in more than 2,000 retail locations nationally. We will manage all
aspects of publicity and marketing for the brand through our network of agencies and will facilitate talent and commercial relationships
within the entertainment and culinary industries. 

Lastly our fourth Dolphin 2.0 investment
was made in June, 2022, when we entered into a multi-year deal with IMAX to jointly finance the
development and production of a slate of feature-length documentaries for the global market . The first project under this deal
is for The Blue Angels, co-produced by legendary Hollywood filmmaker J.J. Abrams and his Bad Robot Productions. The
Blue Angels follows the newest class of the storied Navy and Marine Corps flight squadron
through intense training and into their first season of heart-stopping aerial artistry, while also sharing the emotional stories of the
veterans on the team who, this year, will take their final flights. It will mark the first time the iconic blue and yellow F/A-18 Super
Hornets will be featured in IMAX. The film is expected to be released in IMAX theaters in the second half of 2023. 

2 

Growth Opportunities and Strategies 

For Dolphin 1.0, we are focused
on driving growth through the following efforts: 

Expand and grow 42West to
serve more clients with a broad array of interrelated services. We believe that the launch and growth of a large number of streaming
services over the last three years represents tremendous organic growth opportunities for 42West, due to the increase in potential new
clients and a larger number of individual projects to promote. 

Enhanced by Dolphin s acquisitions
of Be Social, Socialyte and Viewpoint, 42West has the ability to both structure influencer marketing campaigns and create promotional
and marketing content for clients, which are critical services for entertainment content marketers in today s digital world. 

Through our acquisition of B/HI
in January, 2021 (considered a division of 42West), 42West has entered into the sister entertainment verticals of video
gaming and e-sports. We believe these industries represent a tremendous growth opportunity for 42West. 

Furthermore, the growing involvement
in non-entertainment businesses by many of our existing entertainment clients has allowed 42West to establish a presence and develop expertise
outside its traditional footprint. Using this as a foundation, we are now working to expand our involvement in these new areas, including
consumer products fronted by recognizable celebrities or branded with recognizable intellectual property. 

Expand and grow Shore Fire
Media to serve more clients in more genres of music and in more markets . For over 30 years, Shore Fire has been a leader
in providing public relations and marketing services to a broad array of songwriters, recording artists, publishers and others within
the music industry, all from its headquarters in Brooklyn. We plan to significantly expand Shore Fire s presence in other major
music markets, including Los Angeles, Nashville and Miami, which we believe will provide access to potential clients across a wide array
of popular musical genres, including pop, country and Latin. 

Expand and grow The Door through
the expansion of its Consumer Products PR business. The Door s market-leading position in both the food and hospitality
verticals, with many clients that have consumer-facing products and the need for attendant marketing campaigns, has provided the Company
with the requisite experience for a successful entry into the high-margin consumer products PR business with potential clients both inside
and outside of the food and hospitality verticals. We plan to significantly increase the number of consumer products PR accounts at The
Door. Such accounts often generate higher monthly fees and longer-term engagements than any other of our customer verticals. 

Diversify Viewpoint s
Client Base. Viewpoint is a leading creative branding agency and promotional video content producer for the television industry,
with long-term clients such as HBO, Discovery Networks, Showtime and AMC. Through 42West, The Door and Shore Fire, Viewpoint can offer
its best-in-class services to several new verticals, including motion picture production and distribution companies, video game publishers,
musical artists, restaurant groups, the hospitality and travel industry and the marketers of consumer products. The ability for Viewpoint
to reach clients of 42West, The Door and Shore Fire provides Viewpoint with the opportunity to diversify its client base, while allowing
42West, The Door and Shore Fire to increase their service offerings to, existing and future clients, potentially driving increased revenues. 

Diversify Be Social s and Socialyte s
Client Bases. Be Social and Socialyte are leading influencer marketing agencies, with a specialization in the beauty, fashion
and wellness industries. Through 42West, The Door and Shore Fire, Be Social and Socialyte can offer their services to several new verticals,
including motion picture and television content, podcasts, musical artists and labels, restaurant groups, hotels and resorts, the travel
industry, the gaming and e-sports industry, and the marketers of broader consumer products. The ability for Be Social and Socialyte to
reach clients of 42West, The Door and Shore Fire provides Be Social and Socialyte with the opportunity to diversify their client bases,
while allowing 42West, The Door and Shore Fire to increase their service offerings to, existing and future clients, potentially driving
increased revenues. 

Cross-Sell Be Social s and Socialyte s
Expertise Across Both Paid and Organic Influencer Campaigns. Be Social has a well-regarded brand marketing division specializing
in organic influencer campaigns (i.e. wherein brands supply free product to influencers to sample, but do not pay the influencers for
guaranteed posts). Socialyte has a well-regarded brand marketing division specializing in paid influencer campaigns (i.e. wherein brands
pay influencers to promote their products, whether or not free products are distributed to the influencer). Brands often run both types
of campaigns, organic and paid, during the same campaign cycle. By being able to offer both services to brands, we anticipate a strong
 cross-selling business between the brand divisions of Be Social and Socialyte, increasing the wallet share 
from each of the brand clients of the respective companies. 

3 

Opportunistically grow through
complementary acquisitions. We plan to selectively pursue acquisitions to further enhance our competitive advantages, scale our
revenues, and increase our profitability. Our acquisition strategy is based on identifying and acquiring companies that complement our
existing entertainment publicity services businesses. We believe that complementary businesses, such as live event production companies
and PR firms in other entertainment verticals, can create synergistic opportunities that may increase profits and operating cash flow. 

For Dolphin 2.0, we are focused
on driving growth through the following efforts: 

Build a portfolio of
premium film, television and digital content. We intend to grow and diversify our portfolio of film, television and digital content
by capitalizing on demand for high quality digital media and film content throughout the world marketplace. We plan to balance our financial
risks against the probability of commercial success for each project. We believe that our strategic focus on content and creation of innovative
content distribution strategies will enhance our competitive position in the industry, ensure optimal use of our capital, build a diversified
foundation for future growth and generate long-term value for our shareholders. Finally, we believe that marketing strategies that will
be developed by our best-in-class entertainment PR and marketing companies will drive our creative content, thus creating greater potential
for profitability. 

Promotion of Midnight
Theatre. As noted above, Midnight Theatre is currently scheduled to fully open with seven days a week of programming, by the end
of the fourth quarter of this year. All Dolphin PR and Marketing subsidiaries will support the promotional campaigns for the opening of
Midnight Theatre. We will also seek to support the programming slate of the theatre itself, through our relationships across music, Broadway
and other forms of entertainment. 

Assist Crafthouse Cocktails
on its expansion. We believe Crafthouse Cocktails is a fantastic product, poised for growth. We will seek to create and execute
PR and marketing campaigns to assist Crafthouse in growing its retail presence, both in states where the brand currently is available,
as well as new states across the country. 

Entertainment Publicity and Marketing 

42West 

Through 42West, an entertainment
public relations agency, we offer talent publicity, entertainment (motion picture and television) marketing, video game and eSports marketing,
and strategic communications services. Prior to its acquisition, 42West grew to become one of the largest independently-owned public relations
firms in the entertainment industry, and in March 2022 (the most recent year of such rankings), 42West was ranked #2 in the annual rankings
of the nation s Power 50 PR firms by the New York Observer, the highest position held by an entertainment PR firm. As such, we believe
that 42West has served, and will continue to serve, as an acquisition magnet for us to acquire new members of our marketing
 super group, which has the ability to provide synergistic new members with the opportunity to grow revenues and profits
through 42West s access, relationships and experience in the entertainment industry. 

Marketing professionals at
42West develop and execute marketing and publicity strategies for dozens of movies and television shows annually, as well as for individual
actors, filmmakers, recording artists, video game publishers, and authors. Through 42West, we provide services in the following areas: 

Entertainment Marketing 

We provide marketing direction,
public relations counsel and media strategy for productions (including theatrical films, DVD and VOD releases, television programs, and
online series) as well as content producers, ranging from individual filmmakers and creative artists to production companies, film financiers,
DVD distributors, and other entities. Our capabilities include worldwide studio releases, independent films, television programming and
web productions. We provide entertainment marketing services in connection with film festivals, awards campaigns, event publicity and
red-carpet management. 

Talent Publicity 

We focus on creating and implementing
strategic communication campaigns for performers and entertainers, including film, television and Broadway stars. Our talent roster includes
multiple Oscar-, Emmy- and Tony-winning actors. Our services in this area include ongoing strategic counsel, media relations, studio,
network, charity, corporate liaison and event support. 

Video Game and eSports Publicity 

We provide marketing direction,
public relations counsel and media strategy for video game publishers as well as eSports leagues, and other entities in the gaming industry.
Our capabilities include global game releases (web, console and mobile), independent releases, eSports tournament and league publicity,
and various gaming events. 

4 

Strategic Communications 

Our strategic communications
team advises brands and non-profits seeking to utilize entertainment and pop culture in their marketing campaigns. We also help companies
define objectives, develop messaging, create brand identities, and construct long-term strategies to achieve specific goals, as well as
manage functions such as media relations or internal communications on a day-to-day basis. Our clients include major studios and production
companies, record labels, media conglomerates, technology companies, philanthropic organizations, talent guilds, and trade associations,
as well as a wide variety of high-profile individuals, ranging from major movie and pop stars to top executives and entrepreneurs. 

Shore Fire 

Through Shore Fire, we represent
musical artists and culture makers at the top of their fields. Shore Fire s dedicated teams in New York, Los Angeles, and Nashville
wield extensive, varied expertise to strategically amplify narratives and shape reputations for career-advancing effect. We believe Shore
Fire is the largest public relations agency in the music business, representing top recording artists in multiple genres, songwriters,
music producers, record labels, music industry businesses, venues, trade organizations, authors, comedians, social media personalities
and cultural institutions. 

The Door 

Through The Door, a hospitality,
lifestyle and consumer products public relations agency, we offer traditional public relations services, as well as social media marketing,
creative branding, and strategic counsel. Prior to its acquisition, The Door was widely considered the leading independent public relations
firm in the hospitality and lifestyle industries. Among other benefits, The Door acquisition has expanded our entertainment verticals
through the addition of celebrity chefs and their restaurants, as well as with live events, such as some of the most prestigious and well-attended
food and wine festivals in the United States. Our public relations and marketing professionals at The Door develop and execute marketing
and publicity strategies for dozens of restaurant and hotel groups annually, as well as for individual chefs, live events, and consumer-facing
corporations. 

Be Social and Socialyte 

Through Be Social and Socialyte,
our influencer marketing agencies, we offer brand marketing services both paid and organic influencer marketing campaigns) and management
for individual influencers . Be Social is a recognized leader in its field, especially within the beauty,
fitness and wellness industries. Socialyte is an influencer marketing powerhouse, with teams in New York, Los Angeles, Miami and Nashville
representing some of the most sought-after creators, from digital-only to celebrity-level talent. Combined, Be Social and Socialyte have
a client roster of more than 200 market-leading influencers. Lytehouse, Socialyte s sister agency, represents some of the world's
most iconic brands, providing a full suite of services for paid influencer campaigns, from strategy and casting, through execution and
delivery, with in-depth analytics and reporting. 

Viewpoint 

Viewpoint is a full-service, boutique
creative branding and production agency that has earned a reputation as one of the top producers of promotional brand-support videos for
a wide variety of leading cable networks in the television industry. Viewpoint s capabilities run the full range of creative branding
and production, from concept creation to final delivery, and include: brand strategy, concept and creative development, design art
direction, script copywriting, live action production photography, digital development, video editing composite, animation,
audio mixing engineering, project management and technical support. 

Content Production 

Dolphin Films and Dolphin Digital Studios 

Dolphin Films is a content producer
of motion pictures. We own the rights to several scripts that we intend to produce at a future date. Dolphin Digital Studios creates original
content to premiere online. We own several concepts and scripts that we intend to further develop and produce at a future date. 

In June, 2022, we entered into a
multi-year deal with IMAX Corporation to jointly finance the development and production of a slate
of feature-length documentaries for the global market . The first project under this deal is for The Blue Angels, 
co-produced by legendary Hollywood filmmaker J.J. Abrams and his Bad Robot Productions. We agreed to finance up to 2 million of the production
budget, and as of December 31, 2022, we have invested approximately 1.5 million, of The Blue Angels that is expected to be released in
the second half of 2023. 

5 

Competition 

The businesses in which we
engage are highly competitive. Through 42West, Shore Fire and The Door, we compete against other public relations and marketing communications
companies, as well as independent and niche agencies to win new clients and maintain existing client relationships. Through Viewpoint,
Be Social and Socialyte, we compete against other creative branding and influencer marketing agencies as well as in-house teams at many
of our clients. Our content production business faces competition from companies within the entertainment business and from alternative
forms of leisure entertainment, such as travel, sporting events, video games and computer-related activities. We are subject to competition
from other digital media and motion production companies, as well as from large, well-established companies within the entertainment industry
that have significantly greater development, production, distribution and capital resources than us. We compete for the acquisition of
literary properties and for the services of producers, directors, actors and other artists as well as creative and technical personnel
and production financing, all of which are essential to the success of our business. In addition, our productions compete for audience
acceptance and advertising dollars. 

We believe that we compete on the basis of the following
competitive strengths: 

Market Reputations of 42West, Shore Fire and
The Door 42West, Shore Fire and The Door consistently rank among the most prestigious and powerful public relations firms
in the United States (each ranking in the Top 50 Most Powerful PR Firms in recent rankings, as published by the New York Observer), which
is a significant competitive advantage given the nature of the entertainment marketing and public relations industry, in which perception
is power; 

An Exceptional Management Team our
CEO, Mr. O Dowd, has a 25-year history of producing and delivering high-quality family entertainment. In addition, 42West s
CEO, Amanda Lundberg, The Door s CEO, Charlie Dougiello, and President, Lois O Neill, and Shore Fire s President Marilyn
Laverty are all longtime PR practitioners, with decades of experience, and are widely recognized as among the top communications strategists
in the entertainment, hospitality and music industries, as evidenced by the market reputation of their companies; and 

Our Ability to Offer Interrelated Services we
believe that our ability to offer influencer marketing expertise and creative branding opportunities for our 42West, The Door and Shore
Fire clients, primarily through the services of Be Social, Socialyte and Viewpoint, will allow us to expand and grow our relationships
with existing clients and also attract new ones. 

Our Ability to Offer Services Across Multiple
Verticals of Entertainment we believe that our ability to offer relationship access and marketing reach across all of the
film, television, podcast, music, celebrity chef, hospitality, gaming and e-sports industries will be attractive to marketers of consumer
products who desire a broad campaign across pop culture, which will allow us to expand our client base and grow the size of our campaigns. 

Human Capital Management 

Our People and Culture 

Because our business is predominantly
service-based, the quality of the personnel we employ is crucial to our success and growth. Our employees and contractors are our most
valuable assets. We believe our relationship with our employees is great, and we also utilize consultants in the ordinary course of our
business and hire additional employees on a project-by-project basis in connection with the production of digital media projects or motion
pictures. We conduct training and development in our subsidiaries to ensure our employees maintain the quality for which we are known. 

As of March 10, 2023, we had 244 full-time employees,
all of which are located within the United States. 

Diversity and Inclusion 

Dolphin and our subsidiaries
are committed to diversity and inclusion, and our culture reinforce these values on a day-to-day basis, beginning with our leadership
team. Our leadership team, which includes our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Operating Officer and the leaders of our subsidiaries,
is composed 70 of women. Likewise, the Board of Directors is composed 29 of women. 

6 

Other Compensation and Benefits 

The Company offers competitive
compensation and benefits packages that meet the needs of its employees, including equity incentive awards, retirement plans, health,
dental, and vision benefits, basic life insurance and short and long-term disability coverage, among other benefits. The Company analyzes
market trends and monitors its own compensation practices to attract, retain, and promote employees and reduce turnover and associated
costs. 

Regulatory Matters 

We are subject to state and
federal work and safety laws and disclosure obligations, under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration
and similar state organizations. 

As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements under Section 13(a) and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Corporate Offices 

Our corporate headquarters
is located at 150 Alhambra Circle, Suite 1200, Coral Gables, Florida 33134. Our telephone number is (305) 774-0407. We also have offices
located at: 

600 3 rd Avenue, 23 rd Floor,
New York, New York 10016, 

37 West 17 th Street, 5 th 
Floor, New York, New York, 10011; 

1840 Century Park East, Suite 200, Los Angeles,
California 90067; and 

12 Court Street, Suite 1800, Brooklyn, New York
11201; 

Available Information 

The Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of
charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company s website, www.dolphinentertainment.com, as soon as reasonably
practical after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov,
which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information filed electronically with the SEC by the Company. In addition,
you may automatically receive email alerts and other information when you enroll your email address by visiting the Investor Relations 
section of our website. The content of any website referred to in this document is not incorporated by reference into this document. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to our Business and Financial
Condition 

Our results of operations are highly susceptible
to unfavorable economic conditions. 

We are exposed to risks associated
with weak or uncertain regional economic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets. Following the severe downturn in most markets
following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy continues to be challenging. Economic downturns or uncertainty about
the strength of the global economy in general, or economic conditions in certain regions or market sectors, and caution on the part of
marketers, can have an effect on the demand for advertising and marketing communication services. In addition, market conditions can be
and have been adversely affected by natural and human disruptions, such as natural disasters, public health crises, severe weather events,
military conflict or civil unrest. Our industry can be affected more severely than other sectors by an economic downturn and can recover
more slowly than the economy in general. In the past, including in connection with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, some clients
have responded to weak economic and financial conditions by reducing their marketing budgets, which include discretionary components that
are easier to reduce in the short term than other operating expenses. This pattern may recur in the future. Furthermore, unexpected revenue
shortfalls can result in misalignments of costs and revenues, resulting in a negative impact to our operating margins. If our business
is significantly adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions or other market disruptions that adversely affect client spending,
the negative impact on our revenue could pose a challenge to our operating income and cash generation from operations. 

We have a history of net losses and may
continue to incur net losses. 

We have a history of net losses
and may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to achieve profitability in the future. For the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, our net loss was 4,780,135 and 6,462,303. Our accumulated deficit was 109,214,479 and 104,434,344 at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our ability to generate net profit in the future will depend on our ability to realize
the financial benefits from the operations of 42West, The Door, Shore Fire, Viewpoint, Be Social and Socialyte and the success of our
Dolphin 2.0 initiatives, as no single project is likely to generate sufficient revenue to cover our operating expenses. If we are unable
to generate net profit at some point, we will not be able to meet our debt service or working capital requirements. As a result, we may
need to (i) issue additional equity, which could substantially dilute the value of your share holdings, (ii) sell a portion or all of
our assets, including any project rights which might have otherwise generated revenue, or (iii) cease operations. 

7 

We currently have substantial indebtedness
which may adversely affect our cash flow and business operations and may affect our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. 

The table below sets forth
our total principal amount of debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Related party debt (noncurrent) 
 1,107,873 
 1,107,873 
 
 Notes payable (current and noncurrent) 
 1,368,960 
 1,176,644 
 
 Convertible notes payable (current and noncurrent) 
 5,050,000 
 3,400,000 
 
 Convertible notes payable fair value option 
 343,556 
 998,135 
 
 Term loan (current and noncurrent) 
 2,867,592 

Non-convertible promissory note Socialyte (current) 
 3,000,000 

Our indebtedness could have important negative consequences,
including: 

our ability to obtain additional financing for
working capital, capital expenditures, future productions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may not be available on
favorable terms or at all; 

we may have to pay higher interest rates upon
obtaining future financing, thereby reducing our cash flows; and 

we may need a substantial portion of our cash
flow from operations to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available
for operations and future business opportunities. 

Our ability to service our indebtedness
will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance and our ability to obtain additional financing, which
will be affected by prevailing economic conditions, the profitability of our content production and entertainment publicity and marketing
businesses and other factors contained in these Risk Factors , some of which are beyond our control. 

If we are not able to generate sufficient
cash to service our current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying digital or film productions,
delaying or abandoning potential acquisitions, delaying Dolphin 2.0 initiatives, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness
or seeking additional debt or equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to effect any of these remedies on satisfactory
terms or at all and our indebtedness may affect our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. 

Our stock price has recently been volatile and
may be volatile in the future, and as a result, investors in our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our stock price has recently been
volatile and may be volatile in the future. We may incur rapid and substantial increases or decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable
future that may or may not coincide in timing with the disclosure of news or developments by us. The stock market in general, and the
market for entertainment companies in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance
of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common stock. The
market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

announcements of state-of-the-art means of content
production and entertainment publicity and marketing, or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

announcements related to any delays in production
or rollout of entertainment content; 

our ability to meet or exceed the rapidly-changing
expectations of our clients; 

news that audience acceptance of and interest
in our digital media productions, and therefore the commercial success of our content production business, is lower or higher than we
expected; 

our ability to adapt to rapid change in technology,
forms of delivery, storage, and consumer preferences related to digital content; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us, our strategic collaboration partners or our competitors; 

variations in our financial results or those
of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

developments concerning our collaborations or
partners; 

the impact of any local or global pandemic and
its effect on us; 

8 

the perception of the entertainment publicity
and marketing or digital content production by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 

developments or disputes concerning intellectual
property rights; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder
litigation; 

our ability or inability to raise additional
capital and the terms on which we raise it; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

declines in the market prices of stocks generally
or of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; and 

general economic, industry and market conditions. 

Our management has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
and our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective as we have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls. 

As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management concluded that for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective and we identified several material weaknesses. Our management concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

We have commenced our remediation
efforts as discussed in Part II, 9A. Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to address the material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting and ineffective disclosure controls and procedures. If our remedial measures are insufficient,
or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls occur in the future, we could be required to
restate our financial results, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition,
restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to correct the weakness or deficiencies,
harm our reputation and otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. In addition, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory
or enforcement actions by the Securities and Exchange Commission, (the SEC or the Commission ). 

We rely on information technology systems that
are susceptible to cybersecurity risks. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we could experience operational interruptions, incur
substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings or suffer damage to our reputation. 

We rely on information technologies
and infrastructure to manage our businesses, including digital storage of marketing strategies and client information, films and digital
programming and delivery of digital marketing services for our businesses. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion,
tampering and theft. The incidence of malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer hacking, computer viruses, worms
or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks or other malicious activities is on the rise worldwide. Power outages,
equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error may also affect our systems and
result in disruption of our services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information or other confidential information. 

Likewise, data privacy breaches,
as well as improper use of social media, by employees and others may pose a risk that sensitive data, such as personally identifiable
information, strategic plans and trade secrets, could be exposed to third parties or to the general public. We also utilize third parties,
including third-party cloud computing services, to store, transfer or process data, and system failures or network disruptions
or breaches in the systems of such third parties could adversely affect our reputation or business. Any such breaches or breakdowns could
lead to business interruption, exposure of our or our clients proprietary or confidential information, data corruption, damage
to our reputation, exposure to legal and regulatory proceedings and other costs. Such events could have a material adverse impact on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we could be adversely affected if any of our significant customers
or suppliers experience any similar events that disrupt their business operations or damage their reputation. Efforts to develop, implement
and maintain security measures are costly, may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring and require ongoing monitoring
and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Although we maintain monitoring
practices and protections of our information technology to reduce these risks, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent
the risk of a security breach of our databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. 

9 

We
will require additional financing, and we may not be able to raise funds on favorable terms or at all. 

We
had negative working capital of 1,423,825 as of December 31, 2022. With our current cash on hand, expected revenues,
and based on our current average monthly expenses, we anticipate we will need additional funding in order to continue our operations at
their current levels, and to pay the costs associated with being a public company, for the next 12 months. To the extent we acquire additional
businesses, we will also require additional funding in the future to support our operations. 

The
most likely source of future funds presently available to us will be through the sale of equity capital. Any sale of share capital will
result in dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore, we may incur debt in the future, and may not have sufficient funds to repay
our future indebtedness or may default on our future debts, jeopardizing our business viability. 

The profitability of our investments is uncertain. 

During 2021, we acquired an
ownership stake in Midnight Theatre, a contemporary variety theater and restaurant in Manhattan and in Crafthouse Cocktails, a brand of
ready-to-drink, all-natural classic cocktails. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred losses related to our investment in
Midnight Theatre and Crafthouse Cocktails in the amount of 246,789. We also started an NFT studio to produce and market NFTs. On October
2, 2022, the Company minted and offered for sale a collection of 7,777 NFTs, titled Creature Chronicles: Exiled Aliens . The collection
generated approximately 13,175 Solana SOL equivalent to approximately 429,000 on the date of the sale. Investments in
these new ventures entail risks those businesses will fail to perform in accordance with expectations. In undertaking these investments,
we will incur certain risks, including the expenditure of funds on, and the devotion of management s time to, synergies that may
not come to fruition. Additional risks inherent in these investments include risks that the ventures will not achieve anticipated success
and that estimates of the costs of bringing these ventures to profitability may prove inaccurate. Expenses may also be greater than anticipated. 

Risks Related to Our Entertainment Publicity
and Marketing Business 

Our business could be adversely affected if
we fail to retain the principal sellers, and other key employees of 42West, The Door, Viewpoint, Shore Fire, Be Social and Socialyte and
the clients they serve. 

The success of our entertainment
publicity and marketing business operated by 42West, The Door, Viewpoint, Shore Fire, Be Social and Socialyte, our marketing subsidiaries,
substantially depends on our ability to retain the services of their former owners and certain key employees. If we lose the services
of one or more of these individuals, our ability to successfully implement our business plan with respect to our entertainment publicity
and marketing business and the value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. Although we entered into employment agreements
with each of the principal sellers, there can be no assurance that they will serve the terms of their respective employment agreements
or choose to remain with us following the expiration of such terms. In addition, the employees of our marketing subsidiaries, and their
skills and relationships with clients, are among our most valuable assets. An important aspect of the business competitiveness
is its ability to retain such key employees. If our marketing subsidiaries fail to hire and retain a sufficient number of these key employees,
it may have a material adverse effect on our overall business and results of operations. 

Our marketing subsidiaries 
talent rosters currently include some of the best known and most highly respected members of the entertainment, hospitality, and musical
communities. These include major studios and networks, corporations, well-known consumer brands, celebrity chefs, leading restaurant and
hotel brands, recording artists and social media influencers. These clients often form highly loyal relationships with certain public
relations and marketing professionals rather than with a particular firm. The employment agreements with the principal sellers currently
contain non-competition provisions that prohibit the principal sellers from continuing to provide services to such clients should they
leave our company, however, clients are free to engage other public relations and marketing professionals and there can be no assurance
that they will choose to remain with our company. The success of our marketing subsidiaries, therefore, depend on our ability to continue
to successfully maintain such client relationships should the principal sellers or other key employees leave our company. If we are unable
to retain the current marketing subsidiaries current clients or attract new clients, then we could suffer a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

The entertainment publicity
and marketing business is highly competitive. Through our marketing subsidiaries, we must compete with other agencies, and with other
providers of marketing and publicity services, in order to maintain existing client relationships and to win new clients. Through Viewpoint,
we compete against other creative branding agencies, as well as in-house creative teams at many of our clients. The client s perception
of the quality of an agency s creative work and the agency s reputation are critical factors in determining its competitive
position. 

10 

The success of our entertainment publicity
and marketing business depends on its ability to consistently and effectively deliver marketing and public relations services to its clients. 

Our marketing subsidiaries 
success depends on its ability to effectively and consistently staff and execute client engagements to achieve the clients unique
personal or professional goals. Our marketing subsidiaries work to design customized communications or publicity campaigns tailored to
the particular needs and objectives of particular projects. In some of their engagements, our marketing subsidiaries rely on other third
parties to provide some of the services to its clients, and we cannot guarantee that these third parties will effectively deliver their
services or that we will have adequate recourse against these third parties in the event they fail to effectively deliver their services.
Other contingencies and events outside of our control may also impact our marketing subsidiaries ability to provide its services.
Our marketing subsidiaries failure to effectively and timely staff, coordinate and execute its client engagements may adversely
impact existing client relationships, the amount or timing of payments from clients, its reputation in the marketplace and ability to
secure additional business and our resulting financial performance. In addition, our contractual arrangements with our clients may not
provide us with sufficient protections against claims for lost profits or other claims for damages. 

If we are unable to adapt to changing client
demands, social and cultural trends or emerging technologies, we may not remain competitive and our business, revenues and operating results
could suffer. 

We operate in an industry characterized
by rapidly changing client expectations, marketing technologies, and social mores and cultural trends that impact our target audiences.
The entertainment industry continues to undergo significant developments as advances in technologies and new methods of message delivery
and consumption emerge. These developments drive changes in our target audiences behavior to which we must adapt in order to reach
our target audiences. In addition, our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to changing social mores and cultural
trends that impact the entertainment industry and our target audiences. We must adapt our business to these trends, as well as shifting
patterns of content consumption and changing behaviors and preferences of our target audiences, through the adoption and exploitation
of new technologies. If we cannot successfully exploit emerging technologies or if the marketing strategies we choose misinterpret cultural
or social trends and prove to be incorrect or ineffective, any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 

A significant labor dispute in our clients 
industries could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

An industry-wide strike or
other job action by or affecting the Writers Guild, Screen Actors Guild or other major entertainment industry union could reduce the supply
of original entertainment content, which would in turn reduce the demand for our talent and entertainment marketing services. An extensive
work stoppage would affect feature film production as well as television and commercial production and could have a material adverse effect
on our clients and the motion picture production industry in general. Contracts between entertainment industry unions and the Alliance
of Motion Picture and Television Producers, which we refer to as AMPTP, expire from time to time. The failure to finalize and ratify a
new agreement with the AMPTP or the failure to enter into new commercial contracts upon expiration of the current contracts could lead
to a strike or other job action. Any such severe or prolonged work stoppage could have an adverse effect on the television and/or motion
picture production industries and could severely impair our clients prospects. Any resulting decrease in demand for our talent
and entertainment marketing and other public relations services would have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of
operations. 

Clients may terminate or reduce their relationships
with us on short notice. 

As is customary in the industry,
our marketing subsidiaries agreements with their respective clients generally provide for termination by either party on relatively
short notice, usually 30 days. Consequently, these clients may choose to reduce or terminate their relationships with us, on a relatively
short time frame and for any reason. If a significant number of the marketing subsidiaries clients were to reduce the volume of
business they conduct with us or terminate their relationships with us completely, this could have a material adverse effect upon our
business and results of operations. Viewpoint s revenue is derived on a project-by-project basis. Clients may decide to use other
creative branding and production companies for their projects which would have an adverse effect upon our business and results of operations. 

Revenues from our Entertainment Publicity and
Marketing segment are susceptible to declines as a result of unfavorable economic conditions. 

Economic downturns often severely
affect the marketing services industry. Some of our corporate clients may respond to weak economic performance by reducing their marketing
budgets, which are generally discretionary in nature and easier to reduce in the short-term than other expenses related to operations.
In addition, economic downturns could lead to reduced public demand for varying forms of entertainment for which we are engaged to provide
public relations and media strategy and promotional services. Such reduced demand for our services could have a material adverse effect
on our revenues and results of operations. 

11 

If our clients experience financial distress,
or seek to change or delay payment terms, it could negatively affect our own financial position and results. 

We have a large and diverse client
base, and at any given time, one or more of our clients may experience financial difficulty, file for bankruptcy protection or go out
of business. Unfavorable economic and financial conditions, such as the events surrounding the COVID-19 global outbreak, could result
in an increase in client financial difficulties that affect us. The direct impact on us included reduced revenues, write-offs of accounts
receivable and expenditures billable to clients, and negatively impacted our operating cash flow. 

Risks Related to Acquisitions 

We are subject to risks associated with acquisitions
and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. 

We regularly undertake acquisitions
that we believe will enhance our service offering to our clients. These transactions can involve significant challenges and risks, including
that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or fails to produce a satisfactory return on our investment. Our customary
business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved may be unsuccessful
in ascertaining or evaluating all such risks. Though we typically structure our acquisitions to provide for future contingent purchase
payments that are based on the future performance of the acquired entity, our forecasts of the investment s future performance also
factor into the initial consideration. When actual financial results differ, our returns on the investment could be adversely affected.
Identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates
or complete acquisitions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. 

Even if we complete an acquisition,
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of such transaction. Our recent acquisitions have required, and any similar future transactions
may also require, significant efforts and expenditures, including with respect to integrating the acquired business with our historical
business. We may encounter unexpected difficulties, or incur unexpected costs, in connection with acquisition activities and integration
efforts, including, without limitation: 

diversion of management attention from managing
our historical core business; 

potential disruption of our historical core business
or of the acquired business; 

the strain on, and need to continue to expand,
our existing operational, technical, financial and administrative infrastructure; 

inability to achieve synergies as planned; 

challenges in controlling additional costs and
expenses in connection with and as a result of the acquisition; 

dilution to existing shareholders from the issuance
of equity securities; 

becoming subject to adverse tax consequences
or substantial depreciation; 

difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate
cultures or in integrating systems and controls; 

difficulties in anticipating and responding to
actions that may be taken by competitors; 

difficulties in realizing the anticipated benefits
of the transaction; 

inability to generate sufficient revenue from
acquisitions to offset the associated acquisition costs; 

potential loss of key employees, key clients
or other partners of the acquired business as a result of the change of ownership; and 

the assumption of and exposure to unknown or
contingent liabilities of the acquired businesses. 

If any of our acquisitions do not perform as anticipated
for any of the reasons noted above or otherwise, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Losses incurred by us subsequent to completion
of an acquisition may not be indemnifiable by the seller or may exceed the seller s indemnification obligations. 

As discussed above, there may
be liabilities assumed in any acquisition that we did not discover or that we underestimated in the course of performing our due diligence.
Although a seller generally will have indemnification obligations to us under an acquisition agreement, these obligations are usually
subject to financial limitations, such as general deductibles and maximum recovery amounts, as well as time limitations. We cannot assure
you that our right to indemnification from any seller will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully
offset the amount of any losses that we incur with respect to a particular acquisition. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

12 

Risks Related to our Common Stock and Preferred Stock 

We have recently issued, and may in the future
issue, a significant amount of equity securities and, as a result, your ownership interest in our company has been, and may in the future
be, substantially diluted and your investment in our common stock could suffer a material decline in value. 

From January 1, 2021 to December
31, 2022, the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding has increased from 6,690,579 to 12,340,664 shares. During this
period, we issued approximately (i) 2.7 million aggregate shares of our common stock as consideration or earnout consideration for 42West,
The Door, Shore Fire, Viewpoint, Be Social, B/HI and Socialyte acquisitions; (ii) 1.2 million to certain holders of convertible notes
and warrants that exercised their right to convert all or a portion of their convertible notes or warrants; (iii) 1.7 million to Lincoln
Park Capital Fund LLC related to our purchase agreement with them and (iv) 43,000 as stock compensation to certain employees. As of December
31, 2022, we had outstanding convertible notes payable that as of the date of this report are still outstanding in the aggregate principal
amount of 5.1 million, which are convertible using a 90-day trading average stock price. As a result of these past issuances and potential
future issuances, your ownership interest in the Company has been, and may in the future be, substantially diluted. 

The market price for our common
stock has been volatile, and these issuances could cause the price of our common stock to continue to fluctuate substantially. Once restricted
stock issued in either private placements or to the sellers of the companies we acquired becomes freely tradable, these shareholders may
decide to sell their shares of common stock and, if our stock is thinly traded, this could have a material adverse effect on its market
price. 

We may need to raise additional
capital and may seek to do so by conducting one or more private placements of equity securities, securities convertible into equity securities
or debt securities, or through a combination of one or more of such financing alternatives. Such issuances of additional securities would
further dilute the equity interests of our existing shareholders, perhaps substantially, and may further exacerbate any or all of the
above risks. 

The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has
super voting rights that may adversely affect our shareholders. 

The Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock is held by Dolphin Entertainment LLC, an entity owned by Mr. O Dowd. Except as required by law, holders of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock will only have voting rights once the independent directors of the Board determine that an optional conversion threshold
(as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation) has occurred. On November 12, 2020, such determination by the Board was made,
and the holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (indirectly Mr. O Dowd) is entitled to super voting rights of three
votes for each share of common stock into which such holder s shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock could then be converted.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Series C Preferred Stock could be converted into 4,738,940 shares of our common stock and the holder
was entitled to 14,216,819 votes, which is approximately 55 of our voting securities. The holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
is entitled to vote together as a single class on all matters upon which common stockholders are entitled to vote. Your voting rights
will be diluted as a result of these super voting rights. On November 12, 2020, we entered into a stock restriction agreement with Mr.
O Dowd that prohibits the conversion of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock unless the majority of the independent
directors of the board of directors vote to remove the restriction. The stock restriction agreement will be immediately terminated upon
a change of control as defined in the agreement. 

If we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements,
our stock could be delisted, and the trading price, volume and marketability of our stock could be adversely affected. 

Our common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market. We cannot assure you, that we will be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s current listing standards,
or that Nasdaq will not implement additional listing standards with which we will be unable to comply. During 2022, we received deficiency
notices from Nasdaq informing us that because we had not filed our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and our Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended March 31, 2022, we were no longer compliant with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to
timely file all required periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Committee. On July 19, 2022, after filing both the
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, Nasdaq notified us that we were
in compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements. 

Failure to maintain compliance with
Nasdaq listing requirements could result in the delisting of our shares from Nasdaq, which could have a material adverse effect on the
trading price, volume and marketability of our common stock. Furthermore, a delisting could adversely affect our ability to issue additional
securities and obtain additional financing in the future or result in a loss of confidence by investors or employees. 

13 

The sale or issuance of our common stock to
Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by Lincoln Park, or the perception that such sales
may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
entered into a new purchase agreement (the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which Lincoln Park
committed to purchase up to 25 million of our common stock. Concurrently with the execution of the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement, we issued 57,313 shares
of common stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee. 

The purchase shares sold pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our discretion from time to time over a 36-month period. The purchase price
for shares that we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the price of our common stock. Depending
on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. 

We have the right to control the
timing and amount of any sales of our shares to Lincoln Park in our sole discretion, subject to certain limits on the number of shares
that can be sold on a given date. Sales of shares of our common stock, if any, to Lincoln Park will depend upon market conditions and
other factors to be determined by us. Therefore, Lincoln Park may ultimately purchase all, some or none of the shares of our common stock
that may be sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and, after it has acquired shares, Lincoln Park may sell all, some or none of those
shares. Sales to Lincoln Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally,
the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect
sales, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

As of the date of this report, we
do not own any real property. For our headquarters and content production business, we lease 3,024 square feet of office space in Coral
Gables, Florida. For our entertainment publicity and marketing business, we lease three office spaces in New York City, New York and one
office space in Los Angeles, California. 

We believe that our properties
are sufficient to meet our current and projected business needs. We periodically review our facility requirements and may acquire new
facilities, or modify, update, consolidate, dispose of or sublet existing facilities, based on evolving business needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We currently do not have any material legal
proceedings, including those relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and Holders of our Common Stock 

Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol DLPN. 

As of March 23, 2023, there were
approximately 302 shareholders of record, of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock based on information provided by our transfer
agent. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Company Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved]. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The objectives of our Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative
explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other
factors that may affect future results. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry,
business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking
statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional factors relating to such statements and see Risk Factors 
included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our past operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results
in any future periods. 

Overview 

We are a leading independent entertainment
marketing and premium content development company. We were first incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 7, 1995 and domesticated
in the State of Florida on December 4, 2014. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DLPN. 

On
November 14, 2022 (the Closing Date ), we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interest of Socialyte LLC,
a NY and Los Angeles-based creative agency specializing in social media influencer marketing campaigns for brands. The fair value of the
total consideration on the acquisition date, amounted to 14.3 million, plus the potential to earn up to an additional 5.0 million upon
meeting certain financial targets in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, such financial targets were not met. On the Closing Date, we paid
 5.0 million cash, issued NSL Ventures, LLC (the Seller 1,346,257 shares of our common
stock and a 3.0 million unsecured promissory note, which is to be repaid in two equal installments on June 30, 2023 and September 30,
2023. In addition, we issued the Seller 685,234 shares of our common stock in satisfaction of the Closing Date working capital adjustment.
 We partially financed the cash portion of the consideration with a 3.0 million five-year secured loan from Bank Prov with Socialyte
as co-borrowers, which carries a fixed rate of 7.37 and a five-year term . 

Through our subsidiaries 42West,
Shore Fire and The Door, we provide expert strategic marketing and publicity services to many of the top brands, both individual and corporate,
in the entertainment and hospitality industries. 42West, Shore Fire and The Door are each recognized global leaders in PR services for
the respective industries they serve. Viewpoint adds full-service creative branding and production capabilities to our marketing group
and Be Social and Socialyte provide influencer marketing capabilities through its roster of highly engaged social media influencers. Dolphin s
legacy content production business, founded by Emmy-nominated Chief Executive Officer, Bill O Dowd, has produced multiple feature
films and award-winning digital series, primarily aimed at family and young adult markets. 

15 

We have established an acquisition
strategy based on identifying and acquiring companies that complement our existing entertainment publicity and marketing services and
content production businesses. We believe that complementary businesses, such as live event production, can create synergistic opportunities
and bolster profits and cash flow. We have identified potential acquisition targets and are in various stages of discussion with such
targets. We completed the Socialyte acquisition during 2022 and intend to complete at least one acquisition during 2023, but there is
no assurance that we will be successful in doing so, whether in 2023 or at all. 

We have also established an investment
strategy, Dolphin 2.0, based upon identifying opportunities to develop internally owned assets, or acquire ownership stakes
in others assets, in the categories of entertainment content, live events and consumer products. We believe these categories represent
the types of assets wherein our expertise and relationships in entertainment marketing most influences the likelihood of success. We are
in various stages of internal development and outside conversations on a wide range of opportunities within Dolphin 2.0. We intend to
enter into additional investments during 2023, but there is no assurance that we will be successful in doing so, whether in 2023 or at
all. 

Socialyte Acquisition 

On
November 14, 2022, (the Closing Date ), we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interest of Socialyte for
a total fair value of consideration amounting to 14.3 million. This includes: (1) a working capital adjustment of 2.1 million that was
settled by issuing 685,234 shares of our common stock; (2) 5.1 million cash; (3) issued the Seller 1,346,257 shares of our Common Stock
with a fair value of 4.1 million; and (4) issued the Seller the Socialyte Promissory Note in the amount of 3 million, which is to be
repaid in two equal installments on June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. The Socialyte purchase agreement also included the potential
to earn up to an additional 5.0 million upon meeting certain financial targets in 2022, that were not met. 

We partially
financed the cash portion of the consideration with a secured loan from BankProv with Socialyte and Social Midco as co-borrowers, which
we guaranteed. This loan amounted to 3.0 million, carries a fixed rate of 7.37 and has a five year term. 

For more information
on the Socialyte Acquisition, refer to Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. 

How We Assess
the Performance of Our Business 

In assessing the performance of
our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating
performance of our business are revenues, direct costs, payroll and benefits, selling, general and administrative expenses, legal and
professional expenses, other income/expense and net income. Other income/expense consists mainly of interest expense, non-cash changes
in fair value of liabilities, costs directly relating to our acquisitions, and gains or losses on extinguishment of debt and disposal
of fixed assets. 

We operate in two reportable segments:
our entertainment publicity and marketing segment and our content production segment. The entertainment publicity and marketing segment
is composed of 42West, The Door, Shore Fire, Viewpoint, Be Social, B/HI and Socialyte and provides clients with diversified services,
including public relations, entertainment content marketing, strategic communications, social media marketing, creative branding, and
the production of promotional video content. The content production segment is composed of Dolphin Films, Inc. Dolphin Films and Dolphin Digital Studios, which produce and distribute feature films and digital content. 

Revenues 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we derived substantially all of our revenues from our entertainment publicity and marketing segment. The entertainment
publicity and marketing segment derives its revenues from providing public relations services for celebrities and musicians, as well as
for entertainment and targeted content marketing for film and television series, strategic communications services for corporations and
public relations, marketing services and brand strategies for hotels and restaurants. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2021,
we derived revenues from the content production segment from the domestic distribution of our feature film Believe. We expect to generate
income in our content production segment in the second half of 2023 with the release of The Blue Angels documentary motion
picture, discussed in the Project Development and Related Services . 

The table below sets forth the percentage
of total revenue derived from our two segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Entertainment publicity and marketing 
 98.9 
 99.9 
 
 Content production 
 1.1 
 0.1 
 
 Total revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 

16 

Entertainment Publicity and Marketing EPM 

Our revenue is directly impacted
by the retention and spending levels of existing clients and by our ability to win new clients. We believe that we have a stable client
base, and we have continued to grow organically through referrals and by actively soliciting new business. We earn revenues primarily
from the following sources: (i) celebrity talent services; (ii) content marketing services under multiyear master service agreements in
exchange for fixed project-based fees; (iii) individual engagements for entertainment content marketing services for durations of generally
between three and six months; (iv) strategic communications services; (v) engagements for marketing of special events such as food and
wine festivals; (vi) engagement for marketing of brands; (vii) arranging strategic marketing agreements between brands and social media
influencers and (viii) content production of marketing materials on a project contract basis. For these revenue streams, we collect fees
through either fixed fee monthly retainer agreements, fees based on a percentage of contracts or project-based fees. 

We earn entertainment publicity
and marketing revenues primarily through the following: 

Talent We earn
fees from creating and implementing strategic communication campaigns for performers and entertainers, including Oscar, Tony and Emmy
winning film, theater and television stars, directors, producers, celebrity chefs and Grammy winning recording artists. Our services in
this area include ongoing strategic counsel, media relations, studio and/or network liaison work, and event and tour support. We believe
that the proliferation of content, both traditional and on social media, will lead to an increasing number of individuals seeking such
services, which will drive growth and revenue in our Talent departments for several years to come. 

Entertainment Marketing and
Brand Strategy We earn fees from providing marketing direction, public relations counsel and media strategy for entertainment
content (including theatrical films, television programs, DVD and VOD releases, and online series) from virtually all the major studios
and streaming services, as well as content producers ranging from individual filmmakers and creative artists to production companies,
film financiers, DVD distributors, and other entities. In addition, we provide entertainment marketing services in connection with film
festivals, food and wine festivals, awards campaigns, event publicity and red-carpet management. As part of our services, we offer marketing
and publicity services tailored to reach diverse audiences. We also provide marketing direction targeted to the ideal consumer through
a creative public relations and creative brand strategy for hotel and restaurant groups. We expect that increased digital streaming marketing
budgets at several large key clients will drive growth of revenue and profit in 42West s Entertainment Marketing division over the
next several years. 

Strategic Communications 
 We earn fees by advising companies looking to create, raise or reposition their public profiles, primarily in the entertainment
industry. We also help studios and filmmakers deal with controversial movies, as well as high-profile individuals address sensitive situations.
We believe that growth in the Strategic Communications division will be driven by increasing demand for these varied services by traditional
and non-traditional media clients who are expanding their activities in the content production, branding, and consumer products PR sectors. 

Creative Branding and Production 
 We offer clients creative branding and production services from concept creation to final delivery. Our services include brand
strategy, concept and creative development, design and art direction, script and copyrighting, live action production and photography,
digital development, video editing and composite, animation, audio mixing and engineering, project management and technical support. We
expect that our ability to offer these services to our existing clients in the entertainment and consumer products industries will be
accretive to our revenue. 

Digital Media Influencer
Marketing Campaigns We arrange strategic marketing agreements between brands and social media influencers, for both organic
and paid campaigns. We also offer services for social media activations at events. Our services extend beyond our own captive influencer
network, and we manage custom campaigns targeting specific demographics and locations, from ideation to delivery of results reports. We
expect that our relationship with social media influencers will provide us the ability to offer these services to our existing clients
in the entertainment and consumer products industries and will be accretive to our revenue. 

Content Production CPD 

Project Development and Related Services 

We have a team that dedicates
a portion of its time to identifying scripts, story treatments and novels for acquisition, development and production. The scripts can
be for either digital, television or motion picture productions. We have acquired the rights to certain scripts that we intend to produce
and release in the future, subject to obtaining financing. We have not yet determined if these projects would be produced for digital,
television or theatrical distribution. 

17 

We have completed development
of several feature films, which means that we have completed the script and can begin pre-production once financing is obtained. We are
planning to fund these projects through third-party financing arrangements, domestic distribution advances, pre-sales, and location-based
tax credits, and if necessary, sales of our common stock, securities convertible into our common stock, debt securities or a combination
of such financing alternatives; however, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the financing necessary to produce any of
these feature films. 

In October 2022, we minted
and offered for sale a collection of 7,777 non-fungible tokens NFT s) titled Creature Chronicles: Exiled Aliens. The
collection generated gross sales of approximately 429,000. We entered into an agreement with a third party to market the collection and
mint the NFT s for a fixed fee of 50,000 and 30 of the value of the sale of the NFT collection. 

In June 2022, we entered into
an agreement with IMAX Corporation IMAX to co-produce and co-finance a documentary motion picture on the flight demonstration
squadron of the United States Navy called the Blue Angels. IMAX and Dolphin have each agreed to fund 50 of the production budget which
is estimated at approximately 4 million. 

Expenses 

Our expenses consist primarily
of: 

(1) Direct costs includes certain costs of services, as well as certain production costs, related
to our entertainment publicity and marketing business. Included within direct costs are immaterial impairments for any of our content
production projects. 

(2) Payroll and benefits expenses includes wages, stock-based compensation, payroll taxes and employee
benefits. 

(3) Selling, general and administrative expenses includes all overhead costs except for payroll, depreciation
and amortization and legal and professional fees that are reported as a separate expense item. 

(4) Acquisition costs include professional fees incurred as part of the acquisition of our subsidiaries. 

(5) Depreciation and amortization includes the depreciation of our property and equipment and amortization
of intangible assets and leasehold improvements. 

(6) Change in fair value of contingent consideration includes changes in the fair value of the contingent
earn-out payment obligations for the Company acquisitions. The fair value of the related contingent consideration is measured at
every balance sheet date and any changes recorded on our consolidated statements of operations. 

(7) Legal and professional fees includes fees paid to our attorneys, fees for investor relations consultants,
audit and accounting fees and fees for general business consultants. 

Other Income and Expenses 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, other income and expenses consisted primarily of: (1) gain on extinguishment of debt; (2) changes in the fair values
of (i) put rights, (ii) warrants, and (iii) convertible notes; (3) acquisition costs; and (4) interest expense. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to year ended December 31,
2021 

Revenues 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our revenues were as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Entertainment publicity and marketing 
 40,058,880 
 35,705,305 
 
 Content production 
 446,678 
 21,894 
 
 Total revenue 
 40,505,558 
 35,727,199 

18 

Revenues from entertainment publicity
and marketing increased by approximately 4.4 million, or 12 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase is primarily driven by increased revenues across most of our subsidiaries, as cross-selling across our subsidiaries
has provided additional customers as well as increased demand for the services our subsidiaries provide. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, the content production segment revenue was derived was from the sale of the our NFT collection and from the domestic distribution
of Believe , a feature film that was released in 2013, as we have not distributed any other projects. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the revenues in the content production segment were from the domestic distribution of Believe . We expect to begin generating
income in our content production segment in the fourth quarter of 2023 with the release of the Blue Angels documentary film. 

Expenses 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, our operating expenses were as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Expenses: 

Direct costs 
 3,566,336 
 3,879,409 
 
 Payroll and benefits 
 28,947,730 
 23,819,327 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 6,572,020 
 5,836,235 
 
 Acquisition costs 
 480,939 
 22,907 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 906,337 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (47,285 
 3,754,221 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,751,211 
 1,905,354 
 
 Legal and professional 
 2,903,412 
 2,013,436 
 
 Total expenses 
 45,080,700 
 41,230,889 

Direct costs are mainly attributable
to the EPM segment and decreased by approximately 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in direct costs is mainly driven by an increase of 0.5 million related to NFT production and marketing costs for
the year ended December 31, 2022, that were not present in the same period in 2021, offset by approximately 1.0 million decrease in direct
costs primarily attributable to a decrease in Viewpoint s revenue as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Payroll and benefits expenses increased
by approximately 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to
additional headcount in 2022 to support the growth of our business, salary increases to our employees, stock compensation issued to our
employees under the 2017 Plan in the amount of approximately 0.2 million and inclusion of Socialyte payroll for the period between November
14, 2022 and December 31, 2022 in the amount of approximately 0.6 million, which were not present in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased by approximately 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The increase is primarily related
to: 

0.5 million increases in travel,
meals and entertainment expense; 

0.1 million of additional computer
expenses; 

0.2 million fair value of the
commitment shares issued as consideration for the Lincoln Park agreement; and 

0.1 million impairment of an
ROU asset. 

These increases were partially offset
by: 

0.2 million reduction in rent
expense primarily due to subleasing several of our offices and leases that expired. 

Acquisition costs for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 0.5 million, primarily related to our acquisition of the membership interest of Socialyte LLC on November 14,
2022. Acquisition costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 were not significant, as the Company did not have any significant acquisition
activity during 2021. 

19 

During the fourth quarter of 2022,
we bypassed the optional qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill. We concluded that, except as it relates
to Viewpoint, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was not less than its carrying amount. For the goodwill
value assigned to Viewpoint, we concluded the fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill was below its carrying amount. As a result,
an impairment charge of 0.9 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment charges were recorded during
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Change in fair value of the contingent
consideration was approximately a 47,000 gain for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared a 3.7 million loss for the years
ended December 31, 2021. The main components of the change in fair value of contingent consideration were the following: 

The Door : this contingent
consideration was settled during 2022. The Company did not record any changes in the fair value of contingent consideration pertaining
to The Door as it determined the fixed number of shares needed to settle the contingent consideration and reclassified
the liability to equity. During the year ended December 31, 2021, a 2.0 million loss was recorded related to The Door s contingent
consideration. 

B/HI : this contingent
consideration was settled in June 2022. The Company recorded a 76,100 gain and 1.2 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Be Social : The Company
recorded a 28,200 and 0.6 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation and amortization had
a small decrease of 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to
certain of the intangible assets from our acquisitions that became fully amortized. 

Legal and professional fees increased
by approximately 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily to due primarily
to: (1) entering into the 2022 Lincoln Park agreement and related filing of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 during the third quarter
of 2022 and (2) legal, consulting and audit fees related to our restatement of the September 30, 2021 Form 10-Q, revisions of the Forms
10-Q for March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 included in our Form 10-K filed on May 26, 2022, and fees associated with our change of auditors. 

Other Income and (Expenses) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Other Income and (expenses): 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 2,988,779 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 654,579 
 (570,844 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 
 120,000 
 (2,482,877 
 
 Change in fair value of put rights 
 
 (71,106 
 
 Interest expense 
 (555,802 
 (785,209 
 
 Total 
 218,777 
 (921,257 

We did not record any gain or loss
on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain on extinguishment
of debt of approximately 3.0 million in connection with forgiveness of the PPP Loans of 42West, Dolphin, Viewpoint, Shore Fire and The
Door. The year ended December 31, 2021 was offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt of 57,400 related to the exchange of certain put
rights for shares of our common stock. 

We elected the fair value option
for certain convertible notes issued in 2020. The embedded conversion feature of a convertible note issued in 2019 met the criteria for
a derivative. The fair value of these convertible notes and embedded conversion feature are remeasured at every balance sheet date and
any changes are recorded on our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded a change in the
fair value of the convertible notes issued in 2020 in the amount of a gain of 0.7 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recorded
a change in the fair value of the convertible notes issued in 2020 in the amount of a loss of 0.7 million. None of the decrease in the
value of the convertible notes was attributable to instrument specific credit risk. 

Warrants issued with convertible
notes payable issued in 2020, were initially measured at fair value at the time of issuance and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair
value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date, with changes in estimated fair value of each respective warrant liability recognized
as other income or expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2020 warrants that were not exercised decreased
by approximately 0.1 million; therefore, we recorded a gain in the change in the fair value of the warrants for the year ended December
31, 2022 for those amounts, on our consolidated statements of operations. In March 2021, one of the warrant holders exercised 146,027
warrants via a cashless exercise formula. The price of our common stock on the exercise date was 19.16 per share and we recorded a change
in fair value of the exercised warrants of approximately 2.5 million on our consolidated statement of operations. 

20 

The fair value of put rights related
to the 42West acquisition were recorded on our consolidated balance sheet on the date of the acquisition. The fair value of the put rights
are measured at every balance sheet date and any changes are recorded on our consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of
the put rights increased by approximately 71,100 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The final put rights were settled in March of
2021; as a result, we did not have a liability related to the put rights as of December 31, 2021 and did not record any fair value of
put rights during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest expense decreased by 0.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to lower principal amount
of convertible and nonconvertible notes outstanding during most of 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Equity in earnings or losses of
unconsolidated affiliates includes our share of income or losses from equity investees. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, we recorded losses of 0.2 million, 0.1 million from each of our equity investments in Midnight Theater and Crafthouse Cocktails,
respectively. No equity gains or losses have been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Tax Benefit 

We had an income tax expense of
 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an expense of 37.4 thousand for year ended December 31, 2021. The income
tax expense for years ended December 31, 2022 reflect the accrual of a valuation allowance in connection with the limitations of our indefinite
lived tax assets to offset our indefinite lived tax liabilities. To the extent the tax assets are unable to offset the tax liabilities,
we have recorded a deferred expense for the tax liability (a naked credit ). 

As of December 31, 2022, we have
approximately 49.1 million of pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes that begin to expire in 2028;
federal net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017 have an indefinite life and do not expire. Additionally, we have state
net operating loss carryforwards amounting to 52.9 million that begin to expire in 2029. A portion of the carryforwards may expire before
being applied to reduce future income tax liabilities. 

In assessing the ability to realize
the deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods
in which these temporary differences become deductible. We believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be
realized and we have accordingly recorded a full valuation allowance as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net Loss 

Net loss was approximately
 4.8 million or 0.49 per share based on 9,799,021 weighted average shares outstanding for basic loss per share and 0.56 per share based
on 9,926,926 weighted average shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net loss was approximately
 6.5 million or 0.85 per share based on 7,614,774 weighted average shares outstanding on a basic and on a fully diluted basis for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net loss for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to the factors discussed above. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,027,227 
 (1,318,717 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (7,919,355 
 (3,025,856 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 10,913,806 
 3,937,823 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (1,032,776 
 (406,750 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 8,230,626 
 8,637,376 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 7,197,849 
 8,230,626 

21 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.7 million from cash used in operating activities of 1.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our net loss of 4.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was adjusted for the following items to arrive at cash used in operating activities: 

0.9 million of goodwill impairment; 

0.5 million of share-based payments for compensation
and Lincoln Park Capital commitment shares; 

0.4 million of non-cash items such as bad debt
expense and other non-cash losses; 

0.1 million of non-cash lease expense; 

1.9 million of depreciation and amortization
and other items such as impairments of fixed assets, ROU asset and capitalized production costs; and 

0.2 million of equity in losses on unconsolidated
affiliates. 

The above were offset by: 

0.8 million of non-cash changes in the fair
value of liabilities; 

2.6 million of changes in operating assets and
liabilities. 

Our net loss of 6.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was adjusted for the following items to arrive at cash provided by operating activities: 

6.9 million of non-cash changes in the fair
value of liabilities; 

0.5 million of non-cash items such as impairments,
bad debt expense and other non-cash losses; 

2.0 million of non-cash lease expense; and 

2.2 million of depreciation and amortization
and other items such as impairments of fixed assets and capitalized production costs. 

The above were offset by: 

3.1 million of a gain on extinguishment of debt,
primarily related to the forgiveness of PPP Loans; and 

3.3 million of changes in operating assets and
liabilities. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.9 million, which related primarily to: 

Outflows: 

3.1 million of issuance of notes receivable; 

4.7 million payment related to the acquisition
of Socialyte, net of cash acquired; and 

72,200 purchases of fixed assets. 

Net cash used in investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.0 million, which related to: 

Outflows: 

1.5 million issuance of convertible notes receivables; 

1.0 million investment in Midnight Theatre;
and 

0.5 million payment related to the acquisition
of B/HI, net of cash acquired. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities
was 10.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 7.0 million from net cash provided by financing activities of
 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

22 

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly related to: 

Inflows: 

5.8 million of proceeds from the Lincoln Park
equity line of credit described below; 

3.1 million proceeds from convertible and non-convertible
notes payable and 

2.9 million proceeds from the term loan related
to the Socialyte acquisition; 

Outflows: 

0.3 of repayment of notes payable; and 

0.6 payment of B/HI contingent consideration; 

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 mainly related to: 

Inflows: 

6.0 million of proceeds from convertible notes
payable 

Outflows: 

1.0 million from the exercise of put rights; 

0.9 million of repayment of the term loan; and 

0.1 million of repayment of notes payable. 

Debt and Financing Arrangements 

As described below in further detail,
we have taken measures to position the Company with a stronger balance sheet position, extending current loans to longer term maturities
and reducing our overall debt position. Total debt amounted to 13.7 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 6.2 million as of December
31, 2021, an increase of 7.5 million or 220.9 . The increase related primarily to 3.0 million and 2.9 million of a promissory note
and term loan, respectively, both in connection with the acquisition of Socialyte. 

Our debt obligations in the next
twelve months from December 31, 2022 increased from the obligations as of December 31, 2021. The current portion of the debt increased
to 4.3 million from 0.3 million, mainly driven by 3.0 million of promissory notes and 0.4 million of current portion of term loan,
both related to the Socialyte acquisition. We expect our current cash position, cash expected to be generated from our operations and
other availability of funds, as detailed below, to be sufficient to meet our debt requirements. 

2022 Lincoln Park Transaction 

On August 10, 2022, the Company entered into a new purchase
agreement (the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), pursuant to which the Company could sell and issue to Lincoln Park,
and Lincoln Park was obligated to purchase, up to 25,000,000 in value of its shares of common stock from time to time over a 36-month
period. Pursuant to the terms of the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement, the issuance of shares pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement
have been registered pursuant to our effective registration statement on Form S-1, and the related prospectus dated September 15, 2022. 

The Company may direct Lincoln Park,
at its sole discretion, and subject to certain conditions, to purchase up to 50,000 shares of common stock on any business day (a Regular
Purchase ). The amount of a Regular Purchase may be increased under certain circumstances up to 75,000 shares if the closing price
is not below 7.50 and up to 100,000 shares if the closing price is not below 10.00, provided that Lincoln Park s committed obligation
for Regular Purchases on any business day shall not exceed 2,000,000. The purchase price for Regular Purchases (the Purchase Price shall be equal to 98.75 of the lesser of: (i) the lowest sale price of the Common Stock during the Purchase Date, or (ii) the average
of the three (3) lowest closing sale prices of the Common Stock during the ten (10) business days prior to the Purchase Date. In
the event we purchase the full amount allowed for a Regular Purchase on any given business day, we may also direct Lincoln Park to purchase
additional amounts as accelerated and additional accelerated purchases. The purchase price for the accelerated and additional accelerated
purchases shall be equal to the lesser of 96 of (i) the closing sale price on the accelerated purchase date, or (ii) such date s
volume weighted average price. 

23 

Pursuant to the terms of the LP
2022 Purchase Agreement, at the time the Company signed the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement,
the Company issued 57,313 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment LP 2022 commitment shares to purchase shares of our common stock under the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were recorded as a period expense and
included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Under applicable
rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market, we could not issue or sell more than 19.99 of the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately
prior to the execution of the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement to Lincoln Park under the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement without stockholder approval.
At a meeting held on September 27, 2022, our stockholders approved the issuance of up to 25 million of shares of our common stock pursuant
to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, excluding the additional commitment shares disclosed above, the Company sold 548,000 shares of common stock at prices ranging between
 1.92 and 3.72 pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of 1,436,259. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
sold 250,000 shares of common stock at prices ranging between 1.88 and 2.27 pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received
proceeds of 529,450. 

The Company evaluated the contract
that includes the right to require Lincoln Park to purchase shares of common stock in the future put right considering
the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that it is an equity-linked contract that does not qualify for equity classification, and therefore requires fair value
accounting. The Company has analyzed the terms of the freestanding put right and has concluded that it has an insignificant value as of
December 31, 2022. 

2021 Lincoln Park Transaction 

On December 29, 2021, we entered
into a purchase agreement (the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the LP 2021 Registration
Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park. Pursuant to the terms of the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park has agreed to purchase
from us up to 25,000,000 of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time during the term of the LP 2021 Purchase
Agreement. The purchase price for the shares was the lowest of (1) lowest sale price on the date of the purchase or (2) the average of
the lowest three closing prices on the last 10 business days, with a floor of 1.00. Pursuant to the terms of the LP 2021 Registration
Rights Agreement, the issuance of shares pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement were registered pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, and the related base prospectus included in the registration statement, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement
filed on January 21, 2022. 

Pursuant to the terms of the LP
2021 Purchase Agreement, at the time we signed the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and the LP 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, we issued 51,827 shares
of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment commitment shares to purchase shares of our common
stock under the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement, we issued an additional 37,019 commitment shares
on March 7, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, excluding the additional commitment shares disclosed above, we sold 1,035,000 shares of common stock at prices ranging
between 3.47 and 5.15, pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of 4,367,640. The LP 2021 Purchase
Agreement was terminated effective August 12, 2022 and the Company did not sell any shares pursuant to this agreement subsequent to that
date. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, excluding the commitment shares mentioned above, the Company did not sell any shares of common stock under the LP 2021 Purchase
Agreement. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company issued seven convertible promissory notes to four noteholders in the aggregate amount of 2.7 million. The convertible
promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum. Five of the convertible promissory notes mature on the second anniversary of
their respective issuances and two of the convertible promissory notes mature on the fourth anniversary of their respective issuances.
The balance of each convertible promissory note and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time
at a conversion price based on a 90-day average closing market price per share of the common stock. Three of the convertible notes may
not be converted at a price less than 2.50 per share and four of the convertible notes may not be converted at a price less than 2.00
per share. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the holder of one convertible note issued during 2021 converted the principal balance of 0.5 million into 125,604 shares of common
stock at a conversion price of 3.98 per share. At the moment of conversion, accrued interest related to this note amounted to 5.3 thousand
and was paid in cash. 

24 

As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate
principal balance of the convertible promissory notes of 5.1 million was recorded in noncurrent liabilities under the caption convertible
promissory notes on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

It is our experience that convertible
notes, including their accrued interest are converted into shares of the Company s common stock and not settled through payment
of cash. Although we are unable to predict the noteholder s intentions, we do not expect any change from our past experience. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
on January 9, 2023 and January 13, 2023, the Company issued two convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 0.8 million.
The convertible promissory notes bear interest at 10 per annum, mature on the second anniversary of their issuance and can be converted
into shares of common stock, at the noteholder s option at any time, at a purchase price based on a 90-day average closing market
price per share of the common stock. The convertible notes may not be converted at a price less than 2.00 per share. 

Convertible Notes Payable
at Fair Value 

As of December 31, 2022, we have
convertible promissory notes outstanding with aggregate principal amounts of 0.5 million for which we elected the fair value option.
As such, the estimated fair value of the note was recorded on its issue date. At each balance sheet date, we record the fair value of
the convertible promissory note with any changes in the fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The convertible
promissory note at fair value matures on March 4, 2030 and as of December 31, 2022, we had a balance of 0.3 million in noncurrent liabilities
related to this convertible promissory note measured at fair value. 

Similar to the Convertible notes
discussed above, our historical experience has been that these convertible notes are converted into shares of the Company s common
stock prior to their maturity date and not settled through payment of cash. 

Nonconvertible Promissory
Notes 

As of December 30, 2022, we have
outstanding unsecured nonconvertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 1.4 million which bear interest at a rate of 10 per
annum and mature between June 2023 and November 2024. For these nonconvertible promissory notes, 0.9 million was recorded as current
liabilities and 0.5 million was recorded as noncurrent liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
on February 22, 2023, we entered into a nonconvertible promissory note in the amount of 2.2 million. The note bears interest at a rate
of 10 per annum and matures on March 31, 2028. 

Nonconvertible Promissory
Notes Socialyte 

As discussed in Note 5 and Note
15 to our consolidated financial statements, as part of the acquisition of Socialyte, we entered into an unsecured promissory note amounting
to 3.0 million Socialyte Promissory Note ). The Socialyte Promissory Note matures on September 30, 2023 and will be payable
in two payments: 1.5 million on June 30, 2023 and 1.5 million on September 30, 2023, its maturity date. The Socialyte Promissory Note
bears interest at a rate of 4 per annum, which accrues monthly and all accrued interest shall be due and payable on September 30, 2023,
its maturity date. 

IMAX Agreement 

As discussed in Note 26 to our consolidated
financial statements, on June 24, 2022, we entered into the Blue Angels Agreement with IMAX. Under the terms of this agreement, we have
funded 1.5 million through December 31, 2022 and we have committed to funding up to an additional 0.5 million of the production budget,
which is expected to be disbursed in the second quarter of 2023. 

Convertible Notes Receivable 

As of December 31, 2022, we hold
convertible notes receivable from JDDC Elemental LLC which operates Midnight Theatre. These convertible notes receivable are recorded
at their principal face amount plus accrued interest. Due to their short-term maturity and conversion terms (described below), these have
been recorded at the face value of the note and an allowance for credit losses has not been established. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Midnight
Theatre notes amount to 4.4 million, including accrued interest receivable of 0.3 million, and are convertible at the option of the
Company into Class A and B Units of Midnight Theatre. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Midnight Theatre issued the Company 16
notes amounting to 3.1 million in the aggregate on the same terms as the previous notes. 

25 

In addition, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, we held a convertible note receivable from Stanton South LLC, which operates Crafthouse Cocktails. This note amounted
to 500,000 and was mandatorily redeemable by February 1, 2022; on that date the Crafthouse Cocktails note was converted and we were issued
Series 2 membership interests of Stanton South LLC. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have an outstanding note receivable
from Stanton South LLC. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes,
as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates its
accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience
and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions and conditions. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

An accounting policy is considered
to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time
the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are
reasonably likely to occur, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. 

We consider the fair value estimates,
including those related to acquisitions, valuations of goodwill, intangible assets, acquisition-related contingent consideration and convertible
debt to be the most critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as they are important to the portrayal of our
financial condition and require significant or complex judgment and estimates on the part of management. Further details on each item
are discussed below. See Note 17 Fair Value Measurements in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements,
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information pertaining to acquisition-related fair value adjustments. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill results from business combination
acquisitions. Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair
value of the net tangible assets and other intangible assets acquired. As of December 31, 2022, in connection with its acquisitions of
42West, The Door, Viewpoint, Shore Fire, Be Social, B/HI and Socialyte we have a balance of 29.3 million of goodwill on our consolidated
balance sheets which management has assigned to the entertainment publicity and marketing segment. We account for goodwill in accordance
with FASB ASC No. 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). Goodwill is not amortized; however, it is assessed
for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if triggering events occur. The Company s annual assessment is performed in
the fourth quarter. 

For purposes of the annual assessment,
management initially performs a qualitative assessment, which includes consideration of the economic, industry and market conditions in
addition to our overall financial performance and the performance of these assets. If our qualitative assessment does not conclude that
it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying value, we perform a quantitative
analysis. In a quantitative test, the fair value of a reporting unit is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. A discounted
cash flow analysis requires us to make various assumptions, including assumptions about future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates.
The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on our long-term projections. Assumptions used in our impairment testing
are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, there
is no impairment. If not, we recognize an impairment equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its
fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022,
we bypassed the optional qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment. We concluded that, except as it relates to Viewpoint,
it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was not less than its carrying amount. For the goodwill value assigned
to Viewpoint, we concluded the fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill was below its carrying amount. As a result, an impairment
charge of 0.9 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment charges were recorded during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Intangible assets 

In connection with the acquisitions
of 42West, The Door, Viewpoint, Shore Fire, Be Social, B/HI and Socialyte, the Company acquired in aggregate an estimated 18.7 million
of intangible assets with finite useful lives initially estimated to range from 2 to 13 years. The intangible assets consist primarily
of customer relationships, trade names and non-compete agreements. 

26 

Intangible assets are initially
recorded at fair value and are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If a triggering
event has occurred, an impairment analysis is required. The impairment test first requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows
expected to be generated over the useful life of an asset to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds
the undiscounted cash flows, the asset would not be deemed recoverable. Impairment would then be measured as the excess of the asset s
carrying value over its fair value. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for further discussion. Events or circumstances that might require impairment testing include the loss of a significant client or
clients, the identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit, loss of key personnel, the disposition of a significant
portion of a reporting unit, significant decline in stock price or a significant adverse change in business climate or regulations. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we amortized 1.5 million that was recorded in our consolidated statement of operations related to our
intangible assets. 

Business Combinations and Contingent Consideration 

The determination of the fair value
of net assets acquired in a business combination and specifically the estimates of acquisition-related contingent consideration (sometimes
referred to as earn-out liabilities requires estimates and judgments of future cash flow expectations for the acquired
business and the related identifiable tangible and intangible assets. Fair values of net assets acquired are calculated using expected
cash flows and industry-standard valuation techniques. Fair values of earn-out liabilities are estimated using income approaches such
as discounted cash flows or option pricing models. 

Due to the time required to gather
and analyze the necessary data for each acquisition, U.S. GAAP provides a measurement period of up to one year in which
to finalize these fair value determinations. During the measurement period, preliminary fair value estimates may be revised if new information
is obtained about the facts and circumstances existing as of the date of acquisition, or based on the final net assets and working capital
of the acquired business, as prescribed in the applicable purchase agreement. Such adjustments may result in the recognition of, or an
adjustment to the fair values of, acquisition-related assets and liabilities and/or consideration paid, and are referred to as measurement
period adjustments. Measurement period adjustments are recorded to goodwill. Other revisions to fair value estimates for acquisitions
are reflected as income or expense, as appropriate. See Note 5 Acquisitions in the notes to the audited consolidated
financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information pertaining to acquisition-related fair value
adjustments. 

Significant changes in the assumptions
or estimates used in the underlying valuations, including the expected profitability or cash flows of an acquired business, could materially
affect our operating results in the period such changes are recognized. 

Convertible debt 

The terms of our convertible debt
agreements are evaluated to determine whether the convertible debt instruments contain both liability and equity components, in which
case the instrument is a compound financial instrument. Convertible debt agreements are also evaluated to determine whether they contain
embedded derivatives, in which case the instrument is a hybrid financial instrument. Judgement is required to determine the classification
of such financial instruments based on the terms and conditions of the convertible debt agreements. 

Estimation methods are used to determine
the fair values of the liability and equity components of compound financial instruments and to determine the fair value of embedded derivatives
included in hybrid financial instruments. Fair values of convertible debt are estimated using pricing models such as the Monte Carlo Simulation.
Evaluating the reasonableness of these estimations and the assumptions and inputs used in the valuation methods requires a significant
amount of judgement and is therefore subject to an inherent risk of error. See Notes 14 Convertible Notes Payable At Fair Value 
and 17 Fair Value Measurements in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information pertaining to acquisition-related fair value adjustments. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements,
see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

27 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by this Item
8 are included at the end of this Report beginning on page F-1 as follows: 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 

F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial
reporting described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We are responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal
controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because
of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

28 

Under the supervision and with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c). The framework on which such evaluation was
based is contained in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO Report ). We concluded that based on our evaluation,
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the following material weaknesses: 

Control Environment, Risk Assessment, and Monitoring 

As previously reported, we did not
maintain appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment, risk assessment procedures, and monitoring activities
to prevent or detect material misstatements in the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to: (i) lack
of structure and responsibility, insufficient number of qualified resources and inadequate oversight and accountability over the performance
of controls, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, including fraud
risks, and (iii) ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control were present and functioning. 

Control Activities and Information and Communication 

These material weaknesses contributed
to the following additional material weaknesses within certain business processes and the information technology environment: 

We did not fully design,
implement and monitor general information technology controls in the areas of user access, and segregation of duties for systems supporting
substantially all of the Company s internal control processes. 

We did not design and
implement, and retain appropriate documentation of formal accounting policies, procedures and controls across substantially all of the
Company s business processes to achieve timely, complete and accurate financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures. Additionally,
we did not design and implement adequate controls pertaining to the period-end financial reporting, classification of contingent consideration,
journal entries, completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the performance of controls and account reconciliations. 

We did not appropriately
design and implement management review controls at a sufficient level of precision to detect a material misstatement over complex accounting
areas and disclosures including business combinations, complex transactions, revenue recognition, income tax, and lease accounting. 

We are neither an accelerated filer
nor a large accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and are not otherwise including in this 2022 Form 10-K
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not required to be attested to by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Management s Remediation Plan for Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company and its Board are committed
to maintaining a strong internal control environment. We have begun the process of designing and implementing effective internal
controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Our internal control
remediation efforts include the following: 

Developing formal policies and
procedures over the Company s fraud risk assessment and risk management function; 

Developing policies and procedures
to enhance the precision of management review of financial statement information and control impact of changes in the external environment; 

We have entered into an agreement
with a third-party consultant that assists us in analyzing complex transactions and the appropriate accounting treatment; 

We have implemented a new enterprise resource
planning systems that will allow us to setup proper review and approval of transactions; 

We are enhancing our policies,
procedures and documentation of period end closing procedures; 

Implementing policies and procedures
to enhance independent review and documentation of journal entries, including segregation of duties; and 

Reevaluating our monitoring
activities for relevant controls. 

29 

Management is beginning the process
of implementing and monitoring the effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures and controls and will make any further changes
deemed appropriate. Management believes our planned remedial efforts will effectively remediate the identified material weaknesses. As
we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, management may determine it is necessary to
take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine it necessary to modify the remediation plan described above 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

A control system, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met.
We do not expect that our disclosure controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

During the most recently completed
fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable 

30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

See Item 8 for Financial Statements included with
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits identified in the Exhibit Index below are included herein
or incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 5, 2018, by and among the Company, The Door, Merger Sub and the Members. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2018. 
 
 2.2 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2020, by and among the Company and Alison Grant 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 26, 2020. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (conformed copy incorporating all amendments through September 29, 2022). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Dolphin Digital Media, Inc., dated as of December 3, 2014. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 9, 2014. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 5, 2018, by and among the Company and the Members party thereto. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2018. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 10.1 
 
 Dolphin Entertainment Inc., 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on August 8, 2017. 

32 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 1, 2016, in favor of Dolphin Entertainment, LLC (formerly, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc.). 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (SEC File No. 333-219029), filed on December 05, 2017. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Purchase agreement dated December 29, 2021 with Lincoln Park Capital Fund LLC. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 30, 2021. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated December 29, 2021 with Lincoln Park Capital Fund LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2021. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Purchase agreement dated August 10, 2022 with Lincoln Park Capital Fund LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report
on Form 10-Q, filed on August 15, 2022. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated August 10, 2022 with Lincoln Park Capital Fund LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report
on Form 10-Q, filed on August 15, 2022. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. and NSL Ventures, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report
on Form 10-Q, filed on November 14, 2022. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 Schedules (and similar attachments) have been omitted pursuant to
Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange
Commission upon request. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William O Dowd, IV 

William O Dowd, IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial and Operating Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William O Dowd, IV 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 William O Dowd, IV 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mirta A Negrini 
 
 Chief Financial and Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Mirta A Negrini 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael Espensen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Michael Espensen 

/s/ Nelson Famadas 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Nelson Famadas 

/s/ Anthony Leo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Anthony Leo 

/s/ Nicholas Stanham 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Nicholas Stanham 

/s/ Claudia Grillo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Claudia Grillo 

34 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. 

 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Grant Thornton LLP, Fort Lauderdale, FL, Auditor Firm ID: 248) 

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, Miami, FL, Auditor Firm ID: 243) 

F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. 

 Opinion on the financial statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. 
(a Florida corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for opinion 

 These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

 Critical audit matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a
separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates .

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
42West Reporting Unit 

 As described further in Note 2
and Note 6 to the financial statements, management evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment
indicators exist, at the reporting unit level. Management estimated the fair values of its reporting units using a combination of the
income and market approaches. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires management to make significant estimates
and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, earnings before interest and tax EBITA and discount rates. We
identified the goodwill impairment assessment of the 42West reporting unit as a critical audit matter. 

 The principal considerations for
our determination that the goodwill impairment assessment of the 42West reporting unit is a critical audit matter is that changes in
the assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, EBITA and discount rates could materially affect the determination of the fair
value of the reporting unit, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. Management utilized significant judgment when estimating
the fair value of the 42West reporting unit and auditing management s judgments regarding forecasts of revenue, EBITA and discount
rates involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the estimation uncertainty of management s significant judgments. 

 Our audit procedures related to
the goodwill impairment assessment of the 42West reporting unit included the following, among others: 

We
 evaluated management s process for determining the fair value of the 42West reporting
 unit. 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation method utilized. 

We
 tested that the forecasts were reasonable and consistent with historical performance and
 third-party market data. 

We
 evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and EBITA by comparing
 the prior year forecast to actual results in the current year. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate utilized in the discounted cash flow model
 with the assistance of our internal valuation specialists. 

 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

 We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2022. 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Dolphin
Entertainment, Inc. 

 Coral
Gables, Florida 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements . In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO
USA, LLP 

We have served as the
Company's auditor from 2014 to 2021. 

Miami,
Florida 

May 25,
2022 

F- 3 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIE S 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable: 

Trade, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Other receivables 

Notes receivable 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Capitalized production costs, net 

Employee receivable 

Right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Other long-term assets 

Total Assets 

(Continued) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES 

Current 

Accounts payable 

Term loan, current portion 

Notes payable, current portion 

Contingent consideration 

Accrued interest related party 

Accrued compensation related party 

Lease liability, current portion 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent 

Term loan, noncurrent portion 

Notes payable, noncurrent portion 

Convertible notes payable 

Convertible notes payable at fair value 

Loan from related party 

Contingent consideration 

Lease liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Warrant liability 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 27) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, Series C, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DOLPHIN
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of
Operations 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Expenses: 

Direct costs 

Payroll and benefits 

Selling, general and administrative 

Acquisition costs 

Impairment of goodwill 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Depreciation and amortization 

Legal and professional 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) income: 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in fair value of put rights 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Income tax expense 

Net loss before equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculation 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park Capital LLC 

Bonus payment issued in shares 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Impairment of right-of-use asset 

Impairment of capitalized production costs 

Impairment of goodwill 

Bad debt net expense 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Change in fair value of put rights 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, trade and other 

Other current assets 

Capitalized production costs 

Other long-term assets and employee receivable 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest related party 

Lease liability 

Other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 

Investment in JDDC Elemental LLC 

Issuance of notes receivable 

Acquisition of Socialyte, LLC, net of cash acquired 

Acquisition of B/HI Communications, Inc, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from the term loan 

Repayment of term loan 

Repayment of notes payable 

Exercise of put rights 

Payment of contingent consideration BHI 

Proceeds from Lincoln Park equity line 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

(Continued) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Lease liability obtained in exchange for obtaining right-of-use assets 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Issuance of shares related to conversion of notes payable 

Issuance of shares related to cashless exercise of warrants 

Issuance of shares of common stock related to the acquisitions 

Issuance of shares related to extinguishment of debt 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital LLC 

Settlement of contingent consideration in shares of common stock 

Receipt of Crafthouse equity in connection with marketing agreement 

Put rights exchanged for shares of common stock 

Interest on notes paid in stock 

Employee bonus paid in stock 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted
cash. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the statements of cash
flows that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statements of cash flows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

DOLPHIN
ENTERTAINMENT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Issuance of shares related to conversion of note payable 

Issuance of shares related to cashless exercise of warrants 

Issuance of shares issued to seller of Be Social 

Issuance of shares related to acquisition of The Door 

Issuance of shares related to exchange of Put Rights for stock 

Issuance of shares related to acquisition of B/HI Communications, Inc 

Shares retired from exercise of puts 

Issuance of shares for employee bonus 

Issuance of shares related to extinguishment of debt 

Issuance of shares related to acquisition of Shore Fire Media 

Commitment shares issued to Lincoln Park Capital LLC 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of shares related to an employment agreement 

Issuance of shares related to conversion of note payable 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital LLC 

Issuance of common stock on vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for taxes 

Issuance of shares to sellers of The Door Marketing Group LLC for earnout consideration 

Issuance of shares to seller of B/HI Communication Inc for earnout consideration 

Shares issued in relation to acquisition of Socialyte LLC 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

DOLPHIN
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

from as adopted by the shareholders of the Company on September 23, 2021. 

To determine recognition, we perform
the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contracts; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contracts; and (v) recognize
revenue as or when we satisfy the performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that Dolphin
will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception,
we assess the goods or services promised within each contract and determine those that are distinct performance obligations. We then assess
whether we act as an agent or a principal for each identified performance obligation and include revenue within the transaction price
for third-party costs when we determine that we act as principal. We typically do not capitalize costs to obtain a contract as these amounts
would generally be recognized over a period of one year or less. 

The majority of our fees are recognized
over time as services are performed, and are generally recognized on a straight-line or monthly basis, as the services are consumed by
our clients, which approximates the proportional performance on such contracts. We also enter into management agreements with a roster
of social media influencers and are paid a percentage of the revenue earned by the social media influencer. Due to the short-term nature
of these contracts, the performance obligation is typically completed and revenue is recognized at a point in time, typically the date
of publication. 

Principal vs. Agent 

When a third-party is involved in
the delivery of our services to the client, we assess whether or not we are acting as a principal or an agent in the arrangement. The
assessment is based on whether we control the specified services at any time before they are transferred to the customer. We have determined
that in our events and public relations businesses, we generally act as a principal as our agencies provide a significant service of integrating
goods or services provided by third parties into the specified deliverable to our clients. In addition, we have determined that we are
responsible for the performance of the third-party suppliers, which are combined with our own services, before transferring those services
to the customer. We have also determined that we act as principal when providing creative services and media planning services, as we
perform a significant integration service in these transactions. For performance obligations in which we act as principal, we record the
gross amount billed to the customer within total revenue and the related incremental direct costs incurred as billable expenses. 

When a third-party is involved in
the production and execution of an advertising campaign and for media buying services, we have determined that we act as the agent and
are solely arranging for the third-party suppliers to provide services to the customer. Specifically, we do not control the specified
services before transferring those services to the customer, we are not primarily responsible for the performance of the third-party services,
nor can we redirect those services to fulfill any other contracts. We do not have inventory risk or discretion in establishing pricing
in our contracts with customers. For performance obligations for which we act as the agent, we record our revenue as the net amount of
our gross billings less amounts remitted to third parties. In these types of arrangements, the gross billings are recorded as other receivables
in the consolidated balance sheets and the amounts remitted to third parties are recorded as talent liability within other
current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Collaborative Arrangements 

The Company analyzes our collaboration
agreements to assess whether such arrangements, or transactions between arrangement participants, involve joint operating activities performed
by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial
success of such activities or are more akin to a vendor-customer relationship. In making this evaluation, the Company considers whether
the activities of the collaboration are considered to be distinct and deemed to be within the scope of the collaboration guidance and
those that are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and, therefore, within the scope of the revenue with contracts with customer
guidance. This assessment is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on changes in the responsibilities of all parties
in the arrangement. 

For collaboration arrangements that
are in the scope of the collaboration guidance, we may analogize to the revenue from contracts with customers guidance for some
aspects of these arrangements. Revenue from transactions with collaboration participants is presented apart from revenue with contracts
with customers in our consolidated statements of operations. To date, there has been no revenue generated from collaboration arrangements. 

and , respectively, in restricted cash. 

of the trade receivables purchased. The receivables purchased are paid within forty-eight hours of the purchase, net of
the fee First Agreement ). The initial term of the First Agreement is for a twenty-four month period and expires on . On January 13, 2023, the Company s subsidiary entered into a new agreement with Peblo and agreed to sell the trade receivables
for a fee of and receive the funds for purchase of the trade receivables within thirteen days of the sale of the trade receivable Second Agreement and together with the First Agreement, the Factoring Agreements ). The initial term of the
Second Agreement is for a period of twenty-four months and upon the purchase of the trade receivables all rights and obligations of the
trade receivable transfers to Peblo and the Company is not required to repurchase any trade receivable that is not collected by Peblo.
For the period between November 14, 2022, the acquisition date and December 31, 2022, Socialyte sold million of trade receivables
to Peblo and recorded approximately for the 1 Peblo fee under general and administrative costs in the Company s consolidated
statement of operations of the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of receivables
sold under the Factoring Agreements amounted to , net of the 1 fee charged by Peblo and is included under the caption
 Other receivables on our consolidated balance sheets. 

Other receivables also include gross
amounts to be collected from third party suppliers in transactions in which we act as an agent (refer to Revenue Recognition, Principal
vs. Agent section), which amount to and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. On March 23, 2022, the Company
and Ms. Lundberg entered into a Secured Promissory Note Lundberg Note agreement that provides for additional payments
in the amount of monthly to be made to Ms. Lundberg through December 31, 2027. The Lundberg Note matures on 
and bears interest of per annum that will accrue and be payable upon maturity. The Lundberg Note also provides for note repayment to
begin on March 31, 2025 through twelve equal consecutive quarterly installments. On the same date as the Lundberg Note and as security
for the balance of the Lundberg Note, Ms. Lundberg and the Company entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement whereby Ms. Lundberg pledged
common stock of the Company held by her as collateral for the Lundberg Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ms. Lundberg owes the Company
 and , respectively under the Lundberg Note. 

of intangible assets with finite useful lives initially estimated to range from to years. The finite-lived intangible assets consist
primarily of customer relationships, trade names and non-compete agreements. 

Intangible assets are initially
recorded at fair value and are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives (see table below) and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If a triggering event has occurred,
an impairment analysis is required. The impairment test first requires a comparison of undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated
over the useful life of an asset to the carrying value of the asset. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash
flows, the asset would not be deemed recoverable. Impairment would then be measured as the excess of the asset s carrying value
over its fair value. See Note 8 for further discussion. 

The range of estimated useful lives
to be used to calculate amortization for finite-lived intangibles are as follow: 

Trademarks and trade names 
 
 Straight-line 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 Straight-line 

- 
 
 Computers, office equipment and software 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 - , not to exceed the lease terms 

The Company periodically reviews
and evaluates the recoverability of property, equipment and leasehold improvements. Where applicable, estimates of net future cash flows,
on an undiscounted basis, are calculated based on future revenue estimates. If appropriate and where deemed necessary, a reduction in
the carrying amount is recorded. The Company has not had any material impairments of property, equipment and leasehold improvements. 

Put Rights 

In connection with the 42West acquisition
in 2017, the Company entered into put right agreements, pursuant to which it granted put rights to the sellers and certain 42West employees.
The Company records the fair value of the liability in the consolidated balance sheets under the caption Put rights and
records changes to the liability against earnings or loss as part of operating expenses under the caption Changes in fair value
of put rights in the consolidated statements of operations. The final put rights were settled in March 2021; therefore, we did t
have a liability related to the put rights as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, and changes in fair value occurred during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Acquisition Costs 

Direct costs related to business
combinations are expensed as incurred and included as Acquisition costs in the consolidated statements of operations. These costs include
all internal and external costs directly related to acquisitions, consisting primarily of legal, consulting, accounting, advisory and
financing fees. 

related to the contingent consideration owed to the
sellers of The Door. On June 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to settle the contingent consideration. For the
three months ended March 31, 2022 and the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company erroneously recorded changes in the fair
value of the contingent consideration because during this period, the Company knew the number of shares needed for the settlement of the
contingent consideration payment. To correct this error, the Company is revising its previously issued interim consolidated financial
statements to (a) record the settlement and reclassification of the contingent consideration liability to additional paid-in-capital on
January 1, 2022; and (b) eliminate the changes in fair value of contingent consideration recorded from January 1, 2022 through June 7,
2022. 

In accordance with SAB No. 99, Materiality, and
SAB No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
Statements, the Company determined that the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly and
year-to-date periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 were materially misstated and should be revised. In addition,
the change in fair value table disclosed in the Fair Value Measurements footnote and segment information disclosed in the Segment Reporting
footnote has been revised for these periods. The revised unaudited interim consolidated financial statements are included below. The amounts
and disclosures included in this Annual Report have been revised to reflect the corrected presentation. 

As discussed above, the Company
determined that its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly and year-to-date periods ended March
31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 should be revised. The tables below set forth the impact of the revisions on the Company s
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Unaudited Financial Data 

Revisions 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 (Unaudited,
As Revised) 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

EPS Basic 

EPS Diluted 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Net loss 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Segment Information 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Segment Operating Income
 (Loss): 

EPM 

CPD 

Total
 operating income (loss) 

Interest
 expense 

Other
 income, net 

Loss
 before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2022
(Unaudited, As Revised) 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

As of June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

For the Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

EPS Basic 

EPS Diluted 

For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

EPS Basic 

EPS Diluted 

Segment Information 

For the three months ended June 30, 2022 
 For the six months ended June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Restated 
 As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Restated 

Segment Operating Income (Loss): 

EPM 

CPD 

Total operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Fair Value Measurements 

The Door 

As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Restated 

Beginning fair value balance reported on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

Gain in fair value reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations 

Settlement of contingent consideration (Reclassified to additional paid in capital) 

Ending fair value balance reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2022 

Revision 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 (Unaudited,
As Revised) 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

As of March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Revision Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

EPS Basic 

EPS Diluted 

Segment Information 

For the three months ended March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Restated 

Segment Operating Income (Loss): 

EPM 

CPD 

Total operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Fair Value Measurements 

The Door 

As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustment 
 As Restated 

Beginning fair value balance reported on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

(Gain) Loss in fair value reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations 

Settlement of contingent consideration (Reclassified to additional paid in capital) 

Ending fair value balance reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2022 

and , respectively, in revenues from its motion picture
 Believe released in 2013. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company minted and offered for sale a collection of non-fungible tokens (NFT s) titled Creature Chronicles:
Exiled Aliens . The collection generated approximately Solana SOL equivalent to approximately . The
Company entered into an agreement with a third party to market the collection and mint the NFT s. Per the terms of the agreement,
the Company paid the third party a fixed fee and of the sale of the NFT collection. The Company acted as principal in the
sale of the NFT s and as such recorded the gross revenues in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. The revenue was recognized at a point in time when the NFT s were transferred to the consumer. 

The revenues recorded by the
EPM and CPD segments is detailed below: 

Content production 

Total Revenues 

Contract Balances 

Contract assets are comprised
of services provided for which consideration has not been received and are transferred to accounts receivable when the right to payment
becomes unconditional. Contract assets are presented within other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Contract liabilities are recorded
when the Company receives advance payments from customers for public relations projects or as deposits for promotional or brand-support
video projects. Once the work is performed or the projects are delivered to the customer, the contract liabilities are deemed earned and
recorded as revenue. Advance payments received are generally for short duration and are recognized once the performance obligation of
the contract is met. 

The opening and closing balances
of our contract asset and liability balances from contracts with customers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Change 

Revenues for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, include the following: 

The Company s
unsatisfied performance obligations are for contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and, as such, the Company
is not required to disclose the remaining performance obligation. 

, including a provisional working capital adjustment in the amount
of , plus the potential to earn up to an additional upon meeting certain financial targets in 2022. However, on the
acquisition date, the Company s assessment was that the targets were not expected to be achieved, therefore no contingent consideration
has been recorded for the Socialyte Purchase. On the Closing Date, the Company paid the Seller cash, issued the Seller 
shares of its Common Stock and issued the Seller a unsecured promissory note (the Socialyte Promissory Note ),
which is to be repaid in two equal installments on June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. In addition, the Company issued the Seller 
shares of its Common Stock in satisfaction of the Closing Date working capital adjustment. The Company partially financed the cash portion
of the consideration with a 3,000,000 five-year secured loan from Bank Prov with MidCo and Socialyte as co-borrowers, which the Company
guaranteed. The common stock that was issued as part of the consideration was not registered under the Securities Act. Acquisition related
costs for the Socialyte purchase amounted to and are included in acquisition costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 

The consolidated statement of operations
includes revenues and net income from Socialyte amounting to and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes the
fair value of the consideration transferred: 

Common Stock issued at Closing as working capital adjustment 

Cash consideration paid at closing 

Cash consideration paid subsequent to closing (Unsecured Promissory Note issued to Seller) 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

The following table summarizes the
preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Socialyte Purchase on the Closing Date. Amounts in the table
are estimates that may change, as described below. There were no measurement period adjustments from the Closing Date through December
31, 2022. The measurement period of the Socialyte Purchase concludes on November 14, 2023. 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued revenue 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements 

Prepaid expenses 

Intangibles 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

Due to the characteristics of the industry and services
Dolphin provides, the acquisitions typically do not have significant amounts of physical assets since the principal assets acquired are
client relationships and trade names. As a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is primarily allocated to intangibles assets
and goodwill. Socialyte provides Dolphin an expanded market for the growing social media and influencer market. Goodwill resulting from
the Socialyte acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 

Intangible assets acquired in the Socialyte acquisition
amounted to: 

Customer relationships: 5,060,000. The customer
relationships intangible was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method, which was based on the estimate of future revenues
and net income attributable to the existing customers, as well as any expected increases from existing customers and potential loss of
customer relationships. The historical and estimated customer retention rate utilized was 88 and the assigned useful life for this asset
was 10 years representing the period we expect to benefit from the asset. 

Trade name: 150,000. Trade name refers to the
Socialyte brand, which is somewhat well recognized in the target market. The fair value for the trade name was determined using the Royalty
Relief Method based on the Profit Split Method, which is based on the Company s expected revenues and a royalty rate estimated using
comparable industry and market data. As a result of the acquisition, the Company determined it was appropriate to assign a finite useful
life of 3 years to the trade name. The Company decided that a finite life would be more appropriate, providing better matching of the
amortization expense during the period of expected benefits. 

The weighted-average useful life of the intangible assets acquired was
9.80 years. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Statements of
Operations 

The following presents the unaudited
pro forma consolidated operations as if Socialyte had been acquired on January 1, 2021: 

Net loss 

The pro forma amounts for 2022 and
2021 have been calculated after applying the Company s accounting policies and adjusting the results of the acquisitions to reflect
(a) the amortization that would have been charged, assuming the intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions had been recorded on
January 1, 2021, (b) to exclude of acquisition costs that were expensed by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
(c) include interest expense on the term loan and the unsecured promissory note in the amount of . 

The impact of the acquisition of
Socialyte on the Company s actual results for periods following the acquisitions may differ significantly from that reflected in
this unaudited pro forma information for a number of reasons. As a result, this unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative
of what the combined company s financial condition or results of operations would have been had the acquisitions been completed
on January 1, 2021, as provided in this pro forma financial information. In addition, the pro forma financial information does not purport
to project the future financial condition and results of operations of the combined company. 

B/HI Communications, Inc. 

Effective January 1, 2021, the Company
acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of B/HI, a California corporation (the B/HI Purchase pursuant to a share
purchase agreement (the B/HI Share Purchase Agreement between the Company and Dean G. Bender and Janice L. Bender, as co-trustees
of the Bender Family Trust dated May 6, 2013 (collectively, the B/HI Sellers). B/HI is an entertainment public relations agency
that specializes in corporate and product communications programs for interactive gaming, e-sports, entertainment content and consumer
product organizations. 

The total consideration paid
to the B/HI Seller in respect to the B/HI Purchase is 
million of shares of common stock based on a 30-day trailing trading average closing price immediately prior to, but not
including, the applicable payment date adjusted for working capital, cash targets and the B/HI indebtedness as defined in the B/HI
Share Purchase Agreement. During 2021, subsequent to the initial measurement, the B/HI Seller achieved certain financial performance
targets pursuant to the B/HI Purchase Agreement and earned an additional 
million of which 50 was paid in cash and 50 was paid in Common Stock during the second quarter of 2022. The
common stock issued as part of the consideration has not been registered under the Securities Act. Acquisition related costs for the
B/HI purchase amounted to and
are included in acquisition costs in the consolidated statement of operations. The consolidated statement of operations includes
revenues from B/HI amounting to million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The following table summarizes the
fair value of the consideration transferred: 

Working capital adjustment 

Fair value of common stock issued to the B/HI Sellers 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

As a condition to the B/HI Purchase,
Dean Bender, one of the sellers and Shawna Lynch, a key employee of B/HI entered into employment agreements with the Company to continue
as employees after the closing of the B/HI Purchase. Mr. Bender s agreement is for a period of two years through December 31, 2022
and he served as Co-President of B/HI during that term and until his retirement on December 31, 2022. Ms. Lynch s agreement is for
a period of four years and may be renewed on the same terms for two successive two-year terms. Ms. Lynch serves as Co-President of B/HI
during the term of her agreement. 

The following table summarizes the
fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the B/HI Purchase. 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements 

Right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Intangibles 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accrued payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Line of credit 

Deferred tax liability 

Loans payable 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable liabilities acquired 

Goodwill 

Net assets acquired 

Due to the characteristics of the industry and services
Dolphin provides, the acquisitions typically do not have significant amounts of physical assets since the principal assets acquired are
client relationships, talent and trade names. As a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is primarily allocated to intangibles
assets and goodwill. B/HI provided an additional customer vertical in which Dolphin did not have a presence and was interested in expanding.
Goodwill resulting from the B/HI acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 

Measurement period adjustments (1) 

() 
 
 Acquisitions (2) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisitions (3) 

Goodwill impairment (4) 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

During the fourth quarter of 2022,
management bypassed the optional qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment and concluded
that, except as it relates to Viewpoint, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units was not less than its carrying
amount. For the goodwill value assigned to Viewpoint, management concluded the fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill was
below its carrying amount. As a result, an impairment charge of million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
impairment charges were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets consisted of the
following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Trademarks and trade names 

Non-compete agreements 

The following table presents the
changes in intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Intangible assets from B/HI acquisition 

Amortization expense 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Intangible assets from Socialyte acquisition 

Amortization expense 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Amortization expense related to
intangible assets for the next five years is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

revenues earned from
the domestic distribution of motion pictures for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenue earned from the domestic distribution of motion
pictures was for the year ended December 31, 2021. These revenues were attributable to Believe released December 25, 2013.
The Company amortizes capitalized production costs (included as direct costs) in the consolidated statements of operations using the individual
film forecast computation method. The Company had previously amortized all existing capitalized production costs, and as such, it did
not record any amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company capitalized
 of production costs, primarily related to the Blue Angels documentary film, as discussed in Note 26. 

The Company purchases scripts and
incurs other costs, such as preparation of budgets, casting, etc., for other motion picture or digital productions. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded impairments of and related to costs of projects it does not intend to
produce. The Company intends to produce the remaining projects, but they were not yet in production as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The
Company has assessed events and changes in circumstances that would indicate whether the Company should assess if the fair value of the
productions is less than the unamortized costs capitalized and, aside from the ones mentioned above, did not identify other indicators
of impairment. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had total, net capitalized production costs of and , respectively, on its consolidated balance sheets. 

Computers, office equipment and software 

Leasehold improvements 

Property plant and equipment gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property plant and equipment net 

The Company recorded depreciation
expense of and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, inclusive of of interest receivable, and are convertible at the option
of the Company into Class A and B Units of Midnight Theatre. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Midnight Theatre issued 16 unsecured
convertible promissory notes to the Company (the Midnight Theatre Notes with an aggregate principal of each
with a ten percent per annum simple coupon rate. The Midnight Theatre Notes each originally had maturity dates six months from their
issuance date but the maturity date for all of the Midnight Theatre Notes has been extended to . The Midnight Theatre
Notes allow the Company to convert the principal and accrued interest into common interest of JDDC Elemental, LLC on the maturity date.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, of interest income related to
the Midnight Theatre Notes. 

Crafthouse Cocktails 

On November 30, 2021 Crafthouse
Cocktails issued a unsecured convertible promissory note (the Crafthouse Note to the Company with an eight percent
(8 per annum simple coupon rate and a mandatorily redemption date of February 1, 2022. The Crafthouse Note allows the Company to convert
the principal and accrued interest into common interest of Crafthouse on the mandatory conversion date. On February 1, 2022, the Crafthouse
Note was converted and the Company was issued common interests of Stanton South LLC. 

and ,
respectively, which is the Company s maximum exposure to loss. The Company will manage all aspects of publicity and marketing for the venue, as well as facilitate talent and
commercial relationships within the entertainment and culinary industries. The Company s balance as of both December 31, 2022
and 2021 represent an ownership percentage of approximately . 

Hidden Leaf, the restaurant at Midnight
Theatre, commenced operations in early July 2022. The theater opened with limited capacity in late September 2022 and is expected to fully
open in the Summer of 2023. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company recorded a loss of , in connection with its equity method investment in Midnight Theatre. Midnight Theatre did
not have any operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 and, as such, the Company did not report any equity in earnings or losses
of Midnight Theatre for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Crafthouse Cocktails 

As of December 31, 2022, the investment
in Crafthouse Cocktails amounted to . 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Crafthouse Note discussed in Note 9 was converted and Dolphin was issued common memberships interests of Stanton South
LLC. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received an additional of
equity investment in Stanton South LLC in connection with an agreement to render marketing services to Crafthouse Cocktails during a
two-year term commencing on November 15, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized for the
marketing services related to this agreement. The Company s balance as of December 31, 2022, represents an ownership
percentage of approximately . 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company recorded a loss of , in connection with its equity method investment in Crafthouse Cocktails. 

Accrued audit, legal and other professional fees 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued bonuses 

Due to seller of Be Social (2021) 

Talent liability 

Accumulated customer deposits 

Other 

Other current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable - fair value option (see Note 14) 

Non-convertible promissory notes (see Note 15) 

Non-convertible promissory notes Socialyte (see Note 15) 

Loans from related party (see Note 16) 

Term loan, net of debt issuance costs (see Note 12) 

Total debt 

Less current portion of debt 

Noncurrent portion of debt 

The table below details the maturity
dates of the principal amounts for the Company s debt as of December 31, 2022: 

Nonconvertible promissory notes 

Nonconvertible unsecured promissory notes - Socialyte 

Term loan 

Loan from related party 

Credit and Security Agreement 

In connection with the Socialyte
Acquisition discussed in Note 5, Socialyte, with MidCo entered into a Credit and Security Agreement with BankProv Credit Agreement ),
which includes a secured term note Term Loan and million of a secured revolving line of credit Revolver ).
The Credit Agreement carried an annual facility fee of payable on the first anniversary of the Closing Date and of on each
one year anniversary thereafter. 

The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants
that require the Socialyte to maintain: (1) a quarterly minimum debt service ratio of 1.25:1.00; (2) a quarterly senior funded debt
to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed 3.00:1.00 and (3) quarterly total funded debt to EBITDA (as defined in the
Credit Agreement) not to exceed 5.00:1.00, as well as the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity of . The Credit Agreement
also contains covenants that limit Socialyte s and MidCo s ability to, among other things, grant liens, incur additional indebtedness,
make acquisitions or investments, dispose of certain assets, change the nature of their businesses, enter into certain transactions with
affiliates or amend the terms of material indebtedness. Under the Credit Agreement, all of the assets of Socialyte are pledged as security for the term loan described below. 

Term Loan 

The Term Loan has a term of five
years, with a maturity date of November 14, 2027. The Company shall repay the Term Loan through 60 consecutive monthly payments of principal
(based upon a straight-line amortization period of 84 months, based on the principal amount outstanding, plus interest at an annual rate
of 7.37 , commencing on December 14, 2022, and continuing on the corresponding day of each month thereafter until it is paid in full.
Any remaining unpaid principal balance, including accrued and unpaid interest and fees, if any) shall be due and payable in full on November
14, 2027, its maturity date. Interest is calculated on the basis of actual days elapsed and a three hundred sixty (360) day year. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made a payment of , inclusive of of interest. 

Interest on the Term Loan shall
be payable on a monthly basis. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year, for the actual number
of days elapsed. Default interest shall be charged in accordance with the terms of the Term Note. 

Revolver 

There is no amount drawn on the
Revolver as of December 31, 2022 and no amounts were drawn from the Closing Date through December 31, 2022. When drawn, the outstanding
principal balance of the revolver shall accrue interest from the date of the draw of the greater of (i) per annum, or (ii) the Prime
Rate (as defined in the Revolver) plus per annum. 

and , respectively, was recorded in noncurrent liabilities
under the caption Convertible notes payable on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The following is a summary of the Company s
convertible notes payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

November 2024 

December 2024 

November 2026 

December 2026 

August 2027 

September 2027 

2023 Convertible Debt 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
on January 9, 2023 and January 13, 2023, the Company issued two convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of . The
convertible promissory notes bear interest at per annum, mature on the second anniversary of their issuance, and can be converted
into shares of common stock at the noteholder s option at any time at a purchase price based on a 90-day average closing market
price per share of the common stock. The convertible promissory notes may not be converted at a price less than per share. 

2022 Convertible Debt 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company issued seven convertible promissory notes to four noteholders in the aggregate amount of (collectively, 2022
Convertible Debt ). The convertible promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Five
of the convertible promissory notes mature on the second anniversary of their respective issuances and two of the convertible promissory
notes mature on the fourth anniversary of their respective issuances. The balance of each convertible promissory note and any accrued
interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time at a conversion price based on a 90-day average closing market
price per share of the common stock. Three of the convertible notes may not be converted at a price less than per share and four
of the convertible notes may not be converted at a price less than 2.00 per share. 

There were no conversions of the
2022 Convertible Debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded interest expense of and made cash interest
payments amounting to during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the 2022 Convertible Debt. 

2021 Convertible Debt 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company issued ten convertible promissory notes to four noteholders in the aggregate amount of (collectively, 2021
Convertible Debt ). The convertible promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and mature on the second anniversary
of their respective issuances. The balance of each convertible promissory note and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s
option at any time at a conversion price based on a 90-day average closing market price per share of the common stock but not at a price
less than per share. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the holder of one convertible promissory note issued during 2021 converted the principal balance of into 125,604 shares
of common stock at a conversion price of per share. At the moment of conversion, accrued interest related to this note amounted
to and was paid in cash. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, the holders of seven convertible promissory notes issued during 2021 converted the principal balance of plus accrued
interest of into shares of common stock at conversion prices ranging between and per share. 

The Company recorded interest expense
of and and made cash interest payments amounting to and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, related to the 2021 Convertible Debt. 

2020 Convertible Debt 

During 2020, the Company issued
five convertible promissory notes to five noteholders in the aggregate amount of (collectively, 2020 Convertible Debt ).
The convertible promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and mature on the second anniversary of their respective issuances.
The balance of each convertible promissory note and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time
at a purchase price based on a 90-day average closing market price per share of the common stock but not at a price less than per
share, except for two convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 195,000 for which the balance of each convertible promissory
note and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time at a purchase price of 3.90 per share of
our common stock. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, the holders of the 2020 Convertible Debt converted the principal balance of plus accrued interest of into 
shares of common stock at conversion prices ranging between and per share. There were no convertible promissory notes issued
in 2020 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company recorded interest expense
of and made cash interest payments amounting to during the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the 2020 Convertible
Debt. 

Total convertible notes payable at fair value (a) 

(a) All amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are recorded in noncurrent liabilities. 

2020 Lincoln Park Note and Warrants 

On January 3, 2020, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund LLC, an Illinois limited liability company Lincoln
Park and issued a convertible promissory note with a principal amount of million (the 2020 Lincoln Park Note at a purchase price of million together with warrants to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
 per share (the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants ). 

The Company elected the fair value
option to account for the 2020 Lincoln Park Note and determined that the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants met the criteria to be accounted for
as a derivative liability due to its net cash settlement provision upon a fundamental transaction. The fair value of the 2020 Lincoln
Park Note on issuance was recorded as . The fair value of the note increased by for the year ended December 31, 2021
and was recognized as current period other expense in the Company s consolidated statement of operations (as no portion of such
fair value adjustment resulted from instrument-specific credit risk). 

During 2020, Lincoln Park converted
an aggregate principal balance of at conversion prices between and per share and was issued shares of common
stock. During 2021, Lincoln Park converted the remaining principal balance of at a conversion price of and was issued 
shares of common stock. The fair value of these shares of common stock issued was based on the closing trading price of the common
stock on the respective trading day. 

As a result of the conversions during
2021 described above, there was no amount outstanding on the 2020 Lincoln Park Note as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

2020 Lincoln Park Warrants 

As described above, in connection
with the 2020 Lincoln Park Note, the Company issued the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants to purchase up to 41,518 shares of its common stock
on January 3, 2020, as well as on each of the second, fourth, and six month anniversaries of the 2020 Lincoln Park Note issuance
date (collectively Series E, F, G, and H Warrants ). The fair value of the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants was recorded on issuance
as a debt discount of . 

During 2021, the Series E, F, G,
and H Warrants were all exercised for shares via a cashless exercise formula pursuant to the warrant agreement. As a result, there
were no amounts outstanding for Series E, F, G, and H Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to their exercise, the fair value
of the warrants increased by , which was recognized as current period other expense in the Company s consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As a result of the exercise during
2021 described above, there was no amount outstanding on the Series E, F, G, and H Warrants as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

March 4th Note 

On March 4, 2020, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to a third-party investor and in exchange received . The Company also agreed to issue a warrant Series I Warrant to purchase up to shares of our common stock at a purchase price of per share. The convertible
promissory note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on March 4, 2030. The Company elected the fair value option to account
for the convertible promissory note and determined that the Series I Warrant met the criteria to be accounted for as a derivative liability
due to its net cash settlement provision upon a fundamental transaction. As such, the Company recorded the fair value on issuance of the
convertible promissory note and Series I Warrant as and , respectively. The balance of the convertible promissory note
and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time at a purchase price 3.91 per share of our common
stock. 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the fair value of the convertible promissory note decreased by and increased , respectively, which were
recognized as current period other income/(expense) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for their respective period
(as no portion of such fair value adjustment resulted from instrument-specific credit risk). 

For the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Series I Warrant decreased by and increased , respectively, which was recognized
as current period other income/(expense) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for their respective period. 

As of both December 31, 2022 and
2021, the principal balance of the convertible promissory note was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the convertible
promissory note of and , respectively, and the fair value of the Series I Warrant of and , respectively,
were recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

March 25th Note 

On March 25, 2020, the Company issued
a convertible promissory note to a third-party investor for a principal amount of (the March 25th Note and received
 , net of transaction costs of paid to the investor and original issue discount. The Company also issued shares
of our common stock related to this convertible note payable. The maturity date of the convertible promissory note was March 25, 2021
and the balance of the convertible promissory note and any accrued interest could be converted at the noteholder s option at any
time at a purchase price of per share of common stock. The Company elected the fair value option to account for the convertible
promissory note. The fair value of the March 25 th Note on issuance was recorded at . 

For the year ended December 31,
2021, the fair value of the note decreased by , which was recognized as current period other income in the Company s consolidated
statement of operations (as no portion of such fair value adjustment resulted from instrument-specific credit risk). 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, the March 25th Note was fully converted into shares of Company s common stock. As a result, no amounts remain outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the March 25th Note. 

, which bear interest at a rate of per
annum and mature between June 2023 and November 2024. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had a balance of and , respectively, net of debt discounts, recorded as Notes payable and and
 , respectively as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Notes payable, noncurrent portion, on its consolidated balance sheets related
to these nonconvertible promissory notes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense on
its consolidated statements of operations amounting to of and , respectively and paid interest of and ,
respectively related to these nonconvertible notes payable. 

On January 15, 2022, its maturity
date, a non-convertible promissory note amounting to was repaid in cash. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
on February 22, 2023, the Company entered into a nonconvertible promissory note in the amount of million. The note bears interest
at a rate of 10 per annum and matures on March 31, 2028. 

Nonconvertible unsecured promissory notes - Socialyte
Promissory Note 

As discussed in Note 5, as part
of the Socialyte Purchase, the Company entered into the Socialyte Promissory Note amounting to . The Socialyte Promissory Note
matures on September 30, 2023 and will be payable in two payments: on June 30, 2023 and on September 30, 2023. The
Socialyte Promissory Note carries an interest of 4 per annum, which accrues monthly, and all accrued interest shall be due and payable
on September 30, 2023. 

,
which was payable on demand. The Original DE LLC Note was payable on demand and accrued interest at a rate of 
per annum. The Original DE LLC Note allowed for additional advances of working capital during its term. Additional funds in the
amount of 98,249 were advanced to the Company prior to 2021 and on June 15, 2021 the Company exchanged the Original DE LLC
Note for a new note with an initial maturity date of July 31, 2023 and a principal amount of 1,107,873 New DE LLC
Note and together with the Original DE LLC Note, the DE LLC Notes ). Other than the change in maturity date and
principal amount, there were no other changes to the interest or any other terms of the Original DE LLC Note. On June 30, 2022, the
New DE LLC Note s maturity date was extended to December 31, 2026. 

For the years ended December 30,
2022 and 2021, the Company did not repay any principal balance of the New DE LLC Note. During both the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded interest expense related to the DE LLC Notes on its consolidated statements of operations and repaid
 of interest during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were interest repayments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As of both December 31, 2022, and
2021, the Company had a principal balance of , and accrued interest of and , respectively, relating to the DE
LLC Notes. 

Financial Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

The tables below set forth information
related to the Company s consolidated financial instruments: 

Restricted cash 
 
 1 

Liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable 
 
 3 

Convertible note payable at fair value 
 
 3 

Warrant liability 
 
 3 

Contingent consideration 
 
 3 

Put Rights 

As of December 31, 2022 or 2021,
there were no amounts due to the sellers of 42West and certain 42West employees from the exercise of the put rights. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the sellers exercised their put rights in accordance with their respective put agreements and caused the Company to
purchase the remaining shares of common stock. 

Due to the change in the fair value
of the put rights for the period in which the put rights were outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
a loss of in the consolidated statements of operations. 

For the put rights, which are measured
at fair value and categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the following is a reconciliation of the fair values for the
years ended December 31, 2021. As there were no amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2021, there was no movement in the Put Rights during
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Put rights paid in 2021 

Loss due to change in fair value 

Loss in exchange of shares for put rights (a) 

Put rights converted into 115,366 shares of common stock 

Ending fair value of put rights reported in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

(a) 

Convertible notes payable 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has ten outstanding convertible notes payable with aggregate principal amount of . See Note 13 for further information
on the terms of these convertible notes. 

10 convertible notes due in November 2024 
 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in December 2024 
 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in November 2026 
 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in December 2026 
 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in August 2027 
 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in September 2027 
 
 3 

The estimated fair value of the
convertible notes was computed using a Monte Carlo Simulation, using the following assumptions: 

Minimum Conversion Price 

- 

Annual Asset Volatility Estimate 

Risk Free Discount Rate (based on U.S. government treasury obligation with a term similar to that of the convertible note) 

- 

- 

Fair Value Option FVO Election
 Convertible note payable and freestanding warrants 

Convertible note payable,
at fair value 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has one outstanding convertible note payable with a face value of , the March 4th Note, which is accounted for under the
ASC 825-10-15-4 FVO election. Under the FVO election, the financial instrument is initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair
value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. The estimated fair value
adjustment is presented as a single line item within other (expenses) income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
under the caption Change in fair value of convertible notes. 

The March 4th Note is measured
at fair value and categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The following is a reconciliation of the fair values from December
31, 2021 to December 31, 2022: 

Loss on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations 

Beginning fair value balance reported on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

(Gain) on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations 

Ending fair value balance reported on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 

The estimated fair value of the
March 4th Note as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was computed using a Black-Scholes simulation of the present value of its
cash flows using a synthetic credit rating analysis and a required rate of return, using the following assumptions: 

Original conversion price 

Value of Common Stock 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

Warrants 

In connection with the March
4th Note, the Company issued the Series I Warrants. The Series I Warrants are measured at fair value and categorized within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy. The following is a reconciliation of the fair values from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022: 

Loss on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations 

Beginning fair value balance reported on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

(Gain) on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations 

Ending fair value balance reported on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 

The estimated fair value of the
Series I Warrants was computed using a Black-Scholes valuation model, using the following assumptions: 

Value of Common Stock 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk free rate 

Contingent consideration 

The Company records the fair
value of the contingent consideration liability in the consolidated balance sheets under the caption Contingent consideration 
and records changes to the liability against earnings or loss under the caption Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

As discussed in Note 5, during
the year ended December 31, 2021, the B/HI seller met the conditions for payment of contingent consideration. As a result, the contingent
consideration has been recorded as the actual amount of the payout to the B/HI seller, million, of which was paid in cash
on June 29, 2022 and the remainder in common stock, which was settled on June 14, 2022 by the issuance of shares of Company common
stock. 

For the contingent consideration
related to Be Social, the Company utilized a Monte Carlo Simulation model, which incorporates significant inputs that are not observable
in the market, and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The unobservable inputs utilized for measuring the fair
value of the contingent consideration reflect management s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would
use in valuing the contingent consideration as of the acquisition date. The Company determined the fair value by using the following key
inputs to the Monte Carlo Simulation Model: 

Annual Asset Volatility Estimate 

For the contingent consideration,
which is measured at fair value categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the following is a reconciliation of the fair
values from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022: 

Loss on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations 

Ending fair value balance reported on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 

Loss on change of fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations, as revised 

Settlement of contingent consideration 

Ending fair value balance reported in the consolidated balance sheet at December 30, 2022 

(1) 

(2) During the year ended December 31, 2021, B/HI achieved the conditions for the earnout consideration, which
were settled on June 14 and June 29, 2022, as described above. 

The primary beneficiary of a VIE
is required to consolidate the assets and liabilities of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is the party that has both (1) the power to
direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance; and (2) through its interests
in the VIE, the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the
VIE. To assess whether the Company has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic
performance, the Company considers all the facts and circumstances, including its role in establishing the VIE and its ongoing rights
and responsibilities. 

To assess whether the Company has
the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE, the Company
considers all of its economic interests, including debt and equity investments, servicing fees, and derivative or other arrangements deemed
to be variable interests in the VIE. This assessment requires that the Company apply judgment in determining whether these interests,
in the aggregate, are considered potentially significant to the VIE. 

The Company evaluated the entities
in which it did not have a majority voting interest and determined that it had (1) the power to direct the activities of the entities
that most significantly impact their economic performance and (2) had the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits
from these entities. As such the financial statements of JB Believe, LLC are consolidated in the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and in the consolidated statements of operations and statements of cash flows presented herein for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. This entity was previously under common control and has been accounted for at historical costs for all periods
presented. 

Liabilities 

Revenues 

Expenses 

The Company performs ongoing reassessments
of (1) whether entities previously evaluated under the majority voting-interest framework have become VIEs, based on certain triggering
events, and therefore would be subject to the VIE consolidation framework, and (2) whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding
the Company s involvement with a VIE cause the Company s consolidation conclusion to change. The consolidation status of the
VIEs with which the Company is involved may change as a result of such reassessments. Changes in consolidation status are applied prospectively
with assets and liabilities of a newly consolidated VIE initially recorded at fair value unless the VIE is an entity which was previously
under common control, which in that case is consolidated based on historical cost. A gain or loss may be recognized upon deconsolidation
of a VIE depending on the amounts of deconsolidated assets and liabilities compared to the fair value of retained interests and ongoing
contractual arrangements. 

JB Believe LLC, an entity owned
by Believe Film Partners LLC, of which the Company owns a 25 membership interest, was formed for the purpose of recording the production
costs of the motion picture Believe . The Company was given unanimous consent by the members to enter into domestic
and international distribution agreements for the licensing rights of the motion picture, Believe , until such time as the Company
had been repaid for the investment in the production of the film and for the publicity and advertising expenses
to market and release the film in the US. The Company has not been repaid these amounts and as such is still in control of the distribution
of the film. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded revenues of , related to domestic distribution of Believe.
There were revenues recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. The capitalized production costs related to Believe were either
amortized or impaired in previous years. JB Believe LLC s primary liability is to the Company which it owes , which eliminates
in consolidation. 

shares of preferred stock. The Company s Board
of Directors (the Board has the power to designate the rights and preferences of the preferred stock and issue the preferred
stock in one or more series. 

On July 6, 2017, pursuant to the
Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, each share of Series C is convertible into one share of common stock, subject to
adjustment for each issuance of common stock (but not upon issuance of common stock equivalents) that occurred, or occurs, from the date
of issuance of the Series C (the issue date until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the issue date (i) upon the conversion
or exercise of any instrument issued on the issued date or thereafter issued (but not upon the conversion of the Series C), (ii) upon
the exchange of debt for shares of common stock, or (iii) in a private placement, such that the total number of shares of common stock
held by an Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holder (based on the number of shares of common stock held as of the date of
issuance) will be preserved at the same percentage of shares of common stock outstanding held by such Eligible Class C Preferred Stock
Holder on such date. 
Series C will only be convertible by the Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holder upon the Company satisfying one of the optional
conversion thresholds. Specifically, a majority of the independent directors of the Board, in its sole discretion, must determine
that the Company accomplished any of the following (i) EBITDA of more than million in any calendar year, (ii) production of two feature
films, (iii) production and distribution of at least three web series, (iv) theatrical distribution in the United States of one feature
film, or (v) any combination thereof that is subsequently approved by a majority of the independent directors of the Board based on the
strategic plan approved by the Board. At a meeting of the Board on November 12, 2020, a majority of the independent directors of the Board
approved that the optional conversion threshold had been met. As a result, the Series C became immediately convertible and
as of December 31, 2021 is convertible into shares of common stock, subject to the restriction discussed below. Additionally,
DE LLC, as the holder of the Series C is entitled to 14,216,819 votes, which are equal to approximately 54 of the voting securities of
the Company. 

At the meeting of the Board on November
12, 2020, the Board and Mr. O Dowd agreed to restrict the conversion of the Series C until the Board approved its conversion. Therefore,
on November 16, 2020, the Company and DE, LLC entered into a Stock Restriction Agreement pursuant to which the conversion of the Series
C is prohibited until such time as a majority of the independent directors of the Board approves the removal of the prohibition. The Stock
Restriction Agreement also prohibits the sale or other transfer of the Series C until such transfer is approved by a majority of the independent
directors of the Board. The Stock Restriction Agreement shall terminate upon a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the Stock
Restriction Agreement) of the Company. 

On September 27, 2022, the Company s
shareholders approved a proposed amendment to the terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock included in our Articles of Incorporation
to increase the number of votes per share of common stock the Series C is convertible into from three votes per share to five votes per
share. 

The Certificate of Designation also
provides for a liquidation value of per share and dividend rights of the Series C on parity with the Company s common
stock. 

Common Stock 

On September 24, 2021, the Company,
filed Articles of Amendment (the Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation effecting
an amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 40,000,000 shares to 200,000,000 shares.
The Articles of Amendment were approved by the Company s shareholders at the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders. 

2022 Lincoln Park Transaction 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company entered into a new purchase agreement (the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights
agreement (the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ),
pursuant to which the Company could sell and issue to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park was obligated to purchase, up to in
value of its shares of common stock from time to time over a 36-month period. Pursuant
to the terms of the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement, the issuance of shares pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement have been
registered pursuant to our effective registration statement on Form S-1, and the related prospectus dated September 15, 2022. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
LP 2022 Purchase Agreement, at the time the Company signed the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and the LP 2022 Registration Rights Agreement,
the Company issued shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment LP 2022 commitment
shares to purchase shares of our common stock under the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement. The commitment shares were recorded as a period
expense and included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Under applicable
rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market, the Company could not issue or sell more than 19.99 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the execution of the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement to Lincoln Park under the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement without stockholder approval.
At a meeting held on September 27, 2022, our stockholders approved the issuance of up to 25 million of shares of our common stock pursuant
to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, excluding the additional commitment shares disclosed above, the Company sold shares of common stock at prices
ranging between and pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of . Subsequent to
December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock at prices ranging between and pursuant
to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of . 

The Company evaluated the contract
that includes the right to require Lincoln Park to purchase shares of common stock in the future put right considering
the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that it is an equity-linked contract that does not qualify for equity classification, and therefore requires fair value
accounting. The Company has analyzed the terms of the freestanding put right and has concluded that it has insignificant value as of December
31, 2022. 

2021 Lincoln Park Transaction 

On December 29, 2021, the Company
entered into a purchase agreement (the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the LP 2021
Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park. Pursuant to the terms of the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park agreed
to purchase from the Company up to of the Company s common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time
during the term of the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the shares was the lowest of (1) lowest sale price on the date
of the purchase or (2) the average of the lowest three closing prices on the last 10 business days, with a floor of 1.00. Pursuant to
the terms of the LP 2021 Registration Rights Agreement, the issuance of shares pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement were registered
pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, and the related base prospectus included in the registration
statement, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement filed on January 21, 2022. 

Pursuant to the terms of the LP
2021 Purchase Agreement, at the time the Company signed the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and the LP 2021 Registration Rights Agreement,
the Company issued shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its commitment commitment shares to purchase shares of our common stock under the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued
an additional commitment shares on March 7, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, excluding the additional commitment shares disclosed above, the Company sold shares of common stock at prices
ranging between and , pursuant to the LP 2021 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of . The LP 2021
Purchase Agreement was terminated effective August 12, 2022 and the Company did not sell any shares pursuant to this agreement subsequent
to that date. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, excluding the commitment shares mentioned above, the Company did not sell any shares of common stock under the LP 2021 Purchase
Agreement. 

Change in fair value of convertible notes payable 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Interest expense 

Numerator for diluted loss per share 

Denominator 

Denominator for basic EPS - weighted-average shares 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Convertible note payable 

Warrants 

Denominator for diluted EPS - adjusted weighted-average shares 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted loss per share 

Basic loss per share is computed
by dividing income or loss attributable to the shareholders of Common Stock (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding (the denominator) for the period. Diluted earnings per share assume that any dilutive equity instruments, such
as convertible notes payable and warrants were exercised and outstanding common stock adjusted accordingly, if their effect is dilutive. 

One of the Company s
convertible note payable, the warrants and the Series C have clauses that entitle the holder to participate if dividends are declared
to the common stockholders as if the instruments had been converted into shares of common stock. As such, the Company uses the two-class
method to compute earnings per share and attribute a portion of the Company s net income to these participating securities. These
securities do not contractually participate in losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net loss and
as such the two-class method is not presented. 

For year ended December 31, 2022,
the convertible promissory note carried at fair value and the outstanding warrants were included in the calculation of fully diluted loss
per share. The other convertible notes payable carried at their principal loan amount, convertible into an aggregate weighted
average shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share as their effect would
be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company excluded common stock equivalents such as warrants and shares
to be issued for convertible debt as inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

Expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Series E, F, G and H Warrants 

During 2020, in relation to the
2020 Lincoln Park Note, the Company issued the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants (see Note 21), collectively Series E, F, G, and H Warrants.
The 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants became exercisable on the six-month anniversary of issuance and for a period of five years thereafter.
If a resale registration statement covering the shares of common stock underlying the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants was not effective and
available at the time of exercise, the 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants were exercisable by means of a cashless exercise formula. 

The Company recorded a loss of 
in its consolidated statements of operations due to change in fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the Series
E, F, G and H warrants which were exercised in March 2021 using a cashless exercise formula pursuant to the warrant agreement. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, all outstanding 2020 Lincoln Park Warrants were exercised and, therefore there is no amount recorded
in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Series I Warrants 

On March 4, 2020, in connection
with the issuance of a convertible note payable, the Company issued the Series I Warrant to purchase up to shares of common
stock at a purchase price of per share. The warrants became exercisable on the six-month anniversary and for a period of five years
thereafter. If a resale registration statement covering the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is not effective and available
at the time of exercise, the warrants may be exercised by means of a cashless exercise formula. The Company determined that
the Series I Warrant should be classified as a freestanding financial instrument that meets the criteria to be accounted for as a derivative
liability and recorded a fair value at issuance of . 

The Company recorded of
other income and of other expense due to change in fair value of the Series I Warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively, and had a balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, recorded under the caption
Warrant liability in its consolidated balance sheet. 

signing bonus in 2012, which has not been paid and is recorded in accrued compensation
on the consolidated balance sheets, along with unpaid base salary of in aggregate attributable for the period from 2012 through
2018. Any unpaid and accrued compensation due to the CEO under his employment agreement will accrue interest on the principal amount at
a rate of per annum from the date of his employment agreement until it is paid. Even though the employment agreement expired and has
not been renewed, the Company has an obligation under the agreement to continue to accrue interest on the unpaid balance. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had accrued of compensation as accrued compensation and has balances of and , respectively,
in accrued interest in current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets, related to the CEO s employment agreement. Amounts
owed under this arrangement are payable on demand. The Company recorded interest expense related to the accrued compensation in the consolidated
statements of operations amounting to and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company
paid interest amounting to and in connection with the accrued compensation to the CEO during years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company entered into the New
DE LLC Note with an entity wholly owned by our CEO. See Note 16 for further discussion. 

For the period between October 5,
2021 and December 20, 2021, Aircraft Pictures Limited Aircraft ), a company in which Anthony Leo, one the Company s
Directors was a shareholder at the time, hired 42West to provide publicity for Aircraft in exchange for retainer fees of per month
and made payments to the Company of in the aggregate related to these services. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
provided services to Aircraft amounting to and Aircraft made payments to the Company amounting to . 

In connection with the acquisition
of 42West, the Company and its CEO, as personal guarantor, entered into put agreements with each of the sellers of 42West, pursuant to
which the Company granted the put rights. During each of the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company made payments amounting to to
Ms. Leslee Dart, while she was a member of the Board, related to the put rights. Pursuant to the terms of one such Put Agreement, Ms.
Dart exercised put rights at a purchase price of per share during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company does not owe Ms. Dart any amounts related to the exercise of these put rights. On May 16, 2021, Ms. Dart
resigned from her position as a member of the Board effective as of such date. 

of intangible assets,
net of accumulated amortization of , and goodwill of , net of impairments, as of December 31, 2022 to the EPM
segment. The balances reflected as of December 31, 2022 for EPM segment only include the activity of Socialyte for the period between
the acquisition date (November 14, 2022) and December 31, 2022. Equity method investments are included within the EPM segment. 

CPD 

Total 

Segment operating income (loss): 

EPM 

CPD 

Total operating loss 

Interest expense 

Other (loss) income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

EPM 

CPD 

Total assets 

State 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision expense 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and
the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

IRC 163(j) 

Lease liability 

Accrued Compensation 

Intangibles 

Other Assets 

Capitalized Production Costs 

Net Operating Losses and Credits 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Fixed Assets 

Right of use asset 

Other Liabilities 

Total Deferred Tax Liability 

Subtotal 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Liability 

The Company had the following net
operating loss NOL carry-forwards, gross, as of December 31, 2022: 

Florida 

California 

New York State 

New York City 

Illinois 

Massachusetts 

Total 

(1) 

Utilization of net operating losses
and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar
state provisions. Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future income tax liabilities. 

In assessing the ability to realize
the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which these temporary differences become deductible. Management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset
will not be realized and has recorded a net valuation allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

A reconciliation of the federal
statutory tax rate with the effective tax rate from continuing operations is as follows: 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Goodwill impairment 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Change in state tax rate 

Return to provision adjustment 

Business combination 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company does not have any material unrecognized tax benefits and accordingly has not recorded any interest or penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not believe that unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within the next twelve
months. The Company and its subsidiaries file Federal, California, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New
York State, and New York City income tax returns. These returns remain subject to examination by taxing authorities for all years after
December 31, 2019. 

Income taxes are provided for the
tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily
to differences between the basis of certain assets and liabilities for financial and tax reporting. The deferred taxes represent the future
tax consequences of those differences, which will either be deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. 

Liabilities 

Current 

Lease liability 

Noncurrent 

Lease liability 

Total lease liability 

The table below shows the lease
expenses recorded in the consolidated statements of operations incurred during year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Operating lease costs 
 
 Direct costs 

Sublease income 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

() 

Net lease costs 

Lease Payments 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company made cash payments related to its operating leases in the amount of and , respectively. 

Future minimum payments for operating
leases in effect at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
weighted average remaining lease terms on its operating lease is years and the Company s weighted average discount
rate is related to its operating leases. 

Rent expense for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

, respectively, pursuant to the Blue Angels Agreement, which
were recorded as capitalized production costs. The Company expects the final payment of pursuant to the Blue Angels Agreement
to be made during the second quarter of 2023. 

We have evaluated the Blue Angels
Agreement and have determined that it is a collaborative arrangement under FASB ASC Topic 808 Collaborative Arrangements .
We will reevaluate whether an arrangement qualifies or continues to qualify as a collaborative arrangement whenever there is a change
in either the roles of the participants or the participants exposure to significant risks and rewards, dependent upon the ultimate
commercial success of documentary motion picture. 

As production of the documentary
motion picture is still in the production process, no income or expense has been recorded in connection with the Blue Angels Agreement
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pursuant to the sublease agreement
of Dolphin s Los Angeles office location, the Company issued the sublessor a letter of credit from City National Bank in the amount
of to secure the sublease. The letter of credit, issued on , expires a year after issuance and is deemed automatically
extended for one year from the expiration date unless City National Bank notifies the landlord 90-days prior to the expiration of the
bank s election not to renew the letter of credit. The Company granted City National Bank a security interest in bank account funds
totaling pledged as collateral for the letter of credit. The letter of credit commits the issuer to pay specified amounts to
the holder of the letter of credit under certain conditions. If this were to occur, the Company would be required to reimburse the issuer
of the letter of credit. 

The Company is not aware of any
claims relating to its outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

On June 29, 2017, the shareholders
of the Company approved the Dolphin Digital Media, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). There are 
shares available to grant under the 2017 Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs to certain employees under the 2017 Plan, as detailed in the table below. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did t
issue any awards under the 2017 Plan. 

The Company accounts for its
share-based compensation expense related to equity instruments under GAAP, which requires the measurement and recognition of
compensation costs for all equity-based payment awards made to employees based on estimated fair values. The Company uses the value
of its common stock on the grant date to establish the grant date fair value of the RSUs granted. We have elected to account for
forfeitures as they occur. The Company uses authorized and unissued shares to meet share issuance requirements. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company granted RSU s to its employees under the 2017 Plan that vest in four equal installments on the following dates:
March 15, 2022, June 15, 2022, September 15, 2022 and December 15, 2022. The Company recognized compensation expense for RSUs of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in payroll and benefits in the consolidated statements of operations. There was
 share-based compensation recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, all RSUs where vested and there
is unrecognized compensation expense. 

The following table sets forth the
activity for the RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Forfeited 

() 

Vested 

() 

Outstanding (nonvested), December 31, 2022 

Shares issued related to an employment agreement 

Pursuant to the employment agreement
between the Company and Mr. Anthony Francisco, on July 27, 2022, the Company issued to Mr. Francisco shares of Common Stock at
a price of per share, the closing sale price for the Common Stock on the date the shares were issued. Mr. Francisco s employment
agreement also entitles him to receive share awards amounting to at each of certain dates in 2023 and 2024, in the aggregate amounting
to . Relating to this agreement, subsequent to December 31, 2022, on January 11, 2023 the Company issued to Mr. Francisco 
shares of Common Stock at a price of per share, the 30-day trailing closing sale price for the Common Stock on the date the shares
were issued. 

F-46 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 dlpn_ex3z1.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC, AS AMENDED

EXHIBIT __ 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 dlpn_ex21z1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC 

42WEST, LLC 

 THE DOOR MARKETING GROUP, LLC 

 VIEWPOINT COMPUTER ANIMATION, INCORPORATED 

 SHORE FIRE MEDIA, LTD 

 BE SOCIAL PUBLIC RELATIONS, LLC 

 CYBERGEDDON PRODUCTIONS, LLC 

 DOLPHIN WOODSTOCK PRODUCTIONS, LLC 

 DOLPHIN FILMS, INC 

 B/HI Communications, Inc. 

 dlpn productions llc 

 dolphin nft studios, inc 

 SOCIALYTE, LLC 

The following are subsidiaries of Dolphin Films, Inc 

 YOUNGBLOOD PRODUCTIONS LLC 

 DOLPHIN MAX STEEL HOLDINGS LLC 

 DOLPHIN JB BELIEVE FINANCING LLC 

 THE WISHING SEASON PRODUCTIONS LLC 

 DOLPHIN CP PRODUCTIONS LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 dlpn_ex23z1.htm
 CONSENT

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 31, 2023, with
respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in these Registration Statements of Dolphin Entertainment,
Inc. on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267336) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-219770). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 dlpn_ex23z2.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.2 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Dolphin
Entertainment, Inc. 

 Coral
Gables, Florida 

We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 No. 333-267336 and Form S-8 No. 333-219770
of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. of our report dated May 25, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Dolphin Entertainment
Inc., which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO
USA, LLP 

Miami,
Florida 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 dlpn_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, William
O Dowd IV, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ William O Dowd IV 

William O Dowd IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 dlpn_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I, Mirta
A Negrini, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 dlpn_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William O Dowd
IV, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 

/s/ William O Dowd IV 
 William O Dowd IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 dlpn_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mirta A Negrini, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 

/s/ Mirta A Negrini 
 Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 67
 dlpn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 69
 dlpn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 70
 dlpn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 71
 dlpn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

