<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1853021_0001410578-23-000356.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8260288</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>650142</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1344392</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2455018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1646651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2024846</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000356.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324165133
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Metals Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981589041
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40685
		FILM NUMBER:		23760543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		425 HOUSTON STREET
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-698-9901

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		425 HOUSTON STREET
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000356.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 mtal-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each Exchange on which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares was approximately million based on the 9.79 per share closing price on that day on the New York Stock Exchange. As of March 24, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 2 Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 24 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 61 Item 2. Properties 61 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 61 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 61 PART II 61 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 61 Item 6. [RESERVED] 63 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 63 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 76 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 76 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 76 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 76 Item 9B. Other Information 77 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 77 PART III 78 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 78 Item 11. Executive Compensation 84 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 85 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 91 PART IV 92 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 92 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 95 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to Metals or the Company and to we, us and our refer to Metals Acquisition Corp. Company Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 11, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). Our Sponsor is Green Mountain Metals LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ). While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus our search on green-economy-focused metals and mining businesses in high quality, stable jurisdictions that would benefit from access to the deep and highly-liquid U.S. public markets along with the additional capital that may be secured through those markets to unlock value. Our team s strong M A and operational backgrounds will enable our company to identify and execute on value accretive transactions for our shareholders. The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 28, 2021. On August 2, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 25,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 5,333,333 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO. The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date of the IPO (August 2, 2021) to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 3, 2021, the Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,514,780 Units (the Over-Allotment Units generating aggregate gross proceeds of 15,147,800 and incurring 302,956 in cash underwriting fees and 530,173 in deferred underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of 201,971 warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for 1.50 per warrant in a private placement with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating total proceeds of 302,956 (the Private Placement Proceeds and, together with the Option Unit Proceeds, the Proceeds ). On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused and 558,805 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor to the Company for no consideration. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On March 17, 2022, the Company, Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd MAC-Sub and Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited Glencore entered into a Share Sale Agreement (the SSA ). Under the terms of the SSA, MAC-Sub (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) will acquire from Glencore 100 of the issued share capital of Cobar Management Pty. Limited CMPL (the acquisition of CMPL and the CSA mine (as defined herein) from Glencore, the Proposed Business Combination ). CMPL owns and operates the Cornish, Scottish and Australian mine (the CSA Mine in Cobar, New South Wales, Australia. Under the original terms of the SSA, in consideration for the acquisition of CMPL, the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) pay 1,050,000,000 to Glencore (subject to a customary closing accounts adjustments to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the time of closing under the SSA (the Closing )), (b) issue 50,000,000 (5,000,000 shares) worth of MAC Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, to Glencore, and (c) enter into a net smelter royalty pursuant to which after the Closing, CMPL will pay to Glencore a royalty of 1.5 of all net smelter copper concentrate produced from the mining tenure held by CMPL at the time of the Closing. The foregoing description of the SSA and related exhibits does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SSA, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto. On November 22, 2022, the Company, MAC-Sub and Metals Acquisition Limited MAC Limited entered into a Deed of Consent and Covenant (the Deed of Consent and Covenant with Glencore to amend the SSA (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the parties thereto agreed to (i) permit the Company to undertake a re-domiciliation whereby the Company will be merged with and into MAC Limited, with MAC Limited continuing as the surviving company New MAC and (ii) amend the consideration payable to Glencore in connection with the acquisition of the CSA Mine whereby the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) Pay at least US775 million in cash (with the potential to be scaled up to 875 million depending on equity demand) to Glencore (subject to customary closing accounts adjustment (including New MAC being liable for accounting fees in connection with the transaction) to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the Closing; (b) Issue up to 10,000,000 ordinary shares of New MAC (the New MAC Ordinary Shares at the Closing (the Rollover Shares to Glencore (having a value of up to 100,000,000) with Glencore having the option to scale down the amount to 0 subject to MAC raising sufficient equity (with any scale-back to be reflected in the upfront cash payment scale-up, as set forth in subsection (a)); (c) Pay 75 million in a deferred cash payment on the following terms: 
 (i) Payable upon New MAC s listing on the Australian Stock Exchange or undertaking any alternative equity raise (up to 50 of the net proceeds from the raise, capped at 75 million); (ii) the unpaid balance of the 75 million will accrue interest at a rate equivalent to what New MAC pays on its mezzanine subordinated term loan, set at SOFR plus a variable margin of 8-12 (which will be determined by reference to prevailing copper prices); and (iii) any residual (up to the 75 million plus applicable interest) not paid in cash by the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing will be settled on the next business day through the issuance of additional New MAC Ordinary Shares at a 30 discount to the 20-trading day VWAP before the issuance Equity Conversion Date ). If New MAC is 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 listed on more than one exchange, the VWAP will be calculated by reference to the exchange with the largest volume equivalent) over the 20-trading day period before the Equity Conversion Date. If the New MAC Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to Glencore due to applicable law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange, Glencore, in its sole discretion, may delay the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, noting that such right only delays the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, which amount of New MAC Ordinary Shares will be set on the Equity Conversion Date 
 (d) Pay 150 million in cash structured as two contingent payments 75 million each) that are unsecured, fully subordinated and payable if, over the life of the CSA Mine, the average daily London Metal Exchange closing price is greater than: 
 (i) 4.25/lb 9,370/mt) for any rolling 18-month period (commencing at Closing) (the First Contingent Payment and (ii) 4.50/lb 9,920/mt) for any rolling 24-month period (commencing at Closing) (the Second Contingent Payment 
 The First Contingent Payment and the Second Contingent Payment will be payable as soon as the applicable payment trigger milestone has been achieved. However, if one or both of the milestones are met in the first three years post-Closing, the payment will only be made to the extent it does not constitute a breach of New MAC s finance facilities in place at the Closing. To the extent payment would constitute a breach of the relevant facilities, New MAC will be subject to an obligation to use best endeavors to obtain the consent of all financiers for the payment to be made during the three-year window. For the avoidance of doubt, New MAC will be obligated to make the payments on the earlier of the first business day following (i) the refinancing of its senior debt, and (ii) the third anniversary of the Closing (being maturity of the senior debt), to the extent that First Contingent Payment and/or Second Contingent Payment has been triggered but not paid during the first three years post-Closing; (e) Enter into a Royalty Deed and Offtake Agreement as previously disclosed in the Current Report; and (f) Grant Glencore the right to appoint one (1) director to the New MAC board of directors for every 10 of New MAC Ordinary Shares that Glencore beneficially owns. 
 The foregoing description of the Deed of Consent and Covenant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Deed of Consent and Covenant, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.2 hereto. If we have not completed an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 2, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Management Team Our management team is led by Michael (Mick) James McMullen (Chief Executive Officer and Director), Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse (Chief Financial Officer), Dan Vujcic (Chief Development Officer) and Jan Benjamin Pieter Coetzee (Manager of Projects, Studies and Tech Services). Michael (Mick) James McMullen (Chief Executive Officer and Director) brings more than 29 years of senior leadership experience in the exploration, financing, development, and operations of mining companies globally. Mr. McMullen most recently served as the CEO and President at Detour Gold Corporation Detour ), a 600,000 ounce per annum gold producer in Canada from May 2019 to January 2020. During his tenure, Mr. McMullen took the market capitalization from C 2.1 billion to C 4.9 billion over 7 months (date of deal announcement), which represented an internal rate of return of 208 , leading to the acquisition by Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. in 2020. Through his strong technical background and commercial acumen, Mr. McMullen established and led a team that 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 reduced all-in-sustaining costs AISC , a mining metric that estimates all direct and recurring costs required to mine a unit of ore) by approximately 250/oz over that period in a business that had historically been viewed as an underperforming asset. Mr. McMullen also improved safety performance and repaired relations with its First Nations partners, enabling a large increase in operations to be permitted, which was fundamental to the increase in market value of the company. Prior to Detour, Mr. McMullen served as CEO at Stillwater Mining Company Stillwater from December 2013 to May 2017 and as Technical Advisor from May 2017 to December 2018, where he was instrumental in increasing Stillwater s market capitalization from 1.3 billion to 2.2 billion against a 10 fall in platinum group metals PGM prices over the same time. Mr. McMullen also served as a Nonexecutive Director at Stillwater from May 2013 to December 2013. Stillwater was sold to Sibanye Gold Ltd. Sibanye in April 2017 in an all -cash deal valued at 2.7 billion, which represented an internal rate of return of 16 during his 41 - month tenure. During his time as CEO at Stillwater, the company reduced AISC by approximately 300/oz, increased production to approximately 600,000 ounces per annum of PGM s, developed a new mine, and built its PGM recycling business to be the largest in the world. The Stillwater business had been operating for 27 years prior to Mr. McMullen s arrival as CEO and was viewed as a difficult operation with poor labor relations and safety track record. Leading up to its eventual sale, the company favorably renegotiated its labor agreements and reduced its safety incidence rate to be best-in-class in US underground mining. Mr. McMullen s time before Stillwater involved the identification, acquisition, development, and operation of a variety of mining assets across North and South America, Europe, Australia and Africa. These ranged from gold to base metals and bulk commodities. In addition, he has provided technical and financial advisory services to many of the larger PE funds, activist funds, and banks providing mining finance. Mr. McMullen has a strong technical background and track record of identifying undervalued opportunities in the mining space, assuming a management position, optimizing the assets, and ultimately realizing shareholder value, ranging from exploration assets (one of two founders at GT Gold Corporation GT Gold ), which sold to Newmont Mining Corporation for C 393 million) to large integrated downstream and upstream businesses like Stillwater. Mr. McMullen is a qualified geologist and received his B.Sc. from Newcastle University in 1992. From May 2021 to August 2022, Mr. McMullen served as a non-executive director at OceanaGold Corporation, a dual-listed ASX-TSX gold miner with operations in the Philippines, US and New Zealand. Mr. McMullen also served as an Executive Director of Develop Global Limited from February 2021 to June 2021 and then as a non-executive director from July 2021 to February 2023. Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse (Chief Financial Officer) is a seasoned mining executive with nearly 20 years of experience in financial management, mine financial planning, business optimization and strategy development. He currently serves as executive director and chief financial officer of Amaroq Minerals Ltd. He held the position of CFO at Detour Gold from June 2019 to January 2020, where he facilitated the successful financial and operational turnaround and sale of the company to Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (now Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd) for C 4.9 billion. Prior to Detour, Mr. Crouse was Chief Financial Officer Vice President-Finance of Triple Flag Mining Finance Ltd., Triple Flag ), a Toronto-based privately owned metal streaming business, from September 2016 to June 2019. At Triple Flag he developed and implemented new financial reporting systems and internal controls, successfully arranged a C 300 million revolving credit facility with major banks and contributed to a team that committed close to 1 billion in royalty and streaming transactions. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Crouse was Vice President-Business Planning Optimization at Barrick Gold Corp. where he was instrumental in resetting the operating cost structure (lowering AISC from 927/oz in Q1 2015 to 706/oz in Q1 2016), improving the capital allocation discipline to deliver 471M of positive free cash flow for the first time in four years by Q4 2015, and reducing debt by 1.4 billion by Q3 2016, during a period of low gold prices. Mr. Crouse started his career in mining in 2002 by joining Xstrata plc. Xstrata ), the world s largest ferrochrome producer, and went on to integrate and optimize the nickel business unit in 2007 (following the 18.8 billion acquisition of Falconbridge Ltd), during which time he worked extensively in North America. He also fulfilled the role of asset manager at Glencore plc Glencore following its merger with Xstrata in 2013 and was responsible for integrating the previous Xstrata Nickel marketing offices. Mr. Crouse is a Chartered Professional Accountant (Ontario), a Chartered Accountant (South Africa), and a certified Financial Risk Manager (FRM) with a Bachelor of Computations (Honours) from the University of South Africa. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Dan Vujcic (Chief Development Officer) is an Investment Banker Corporate Advisor with close to two decades of experience in global capital markets and a non-executive director at Solgold plc since October 25, 2022. In 2016, Mr. Vujcic established an independent advisory presence, Tilt Natural Resources Capital Limited, focusing on a selection of key clients globally, which he oversaw from 2016 to 2021. Over his career, Mr. Vujcic has advised clients in a diverse range of commodities across numerous jurisdictions, including raising capital in both equity and debt markets globally, supporting the growth ambitions of emerging miners, and attaining a significant presence in the industry. Prior, Mr. Vujcic led the effort to expand Jefferies footprint globally through its coverage of emerging small/mid-caps and family offices, working at Jefferies from November 2010 to October 2016. Mr. Vujcic was instrumental in leading First Quantum Minerals Ltd. s First Quantum CAD 5 billion acquisition of Inmet Mining Corporation. Mr. Vujcic started his investment banking career at Citi in Sydney in 2003 in the Metals Mining team and was involved in several high-profile transactions, including Fortescue Metals Group Ltd s 2.5 billion US high yield bond, its initial greenfield funding, paving the way for the development of one of the largest global iron ore producers. In 2007, Mr. Vujcic moved to Morgan Stanley in London working closely on transactions with Rio Tinto plc, Anglo American plc, First Quantum, and a number of emerging markets mining clients in the CIS and Asia. Mr. Vujcic completed a Bachelor of Business with 1st Class Honours at the University of Technology, Sydney in 1999 and completed his Chartered Accountants (ICAA) qualification at Arthur Andersen in 2002. Jan Benjamin Pieter Coetzee (Manager of Projects, Studies and Tech Services) was appointed on February 6, 2023, as an officer of MAC Australia (Pty) Ltd. and has over 30 years of experience as a mining engineer. Mr Coetzee has worked primarily across Africa and Australia in various roles covering mine design and engineering, technical services, projects, studies and management. He is experienced in multiple minerals including platinum group elements, gold, copper, lead, zinc, silver and coal and has direct engineering experience across various mining methods, including open-cut, underground hard-rock and long-wall coal. Mr Coetzee has significant experience in senior management, operations, business improvement, strategic project studies and mine planning in long term design and planning of mining operations and, as a result, has acted previously as both Qualified Person under United States Securities and Exchange Commission regulation and Competent Person under Australia s Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) and the South African Code for the Reporting of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (SAMREC). In addition to his diverse mining experience, Mr Coetzee has particular expertise in the CSA mine, having worked there as Senior Long Term Planning Engineer for over two years. Our Board of Directors In addition to Mr. McMullen (our Chief Executive Officer), who is also a director, the following individuals are our directors. Neville Joseph Power (Chair) is a highly experienced Executive and Company Director with extensive CEO and Board experience across engineering, construction, mining, energy, agriculture and aviation. Mr. Power is the Deputy Chair of Strike Energy Ltd, and a director of APM Human Services International Ltd. In the height of the global pandemic in 2020, Mr. Power was appointed by the Australian Prime Minister to lead the National COVID-19 Coordination Commission NCCC ). The NCCC concluded in April 2021. Mr. Power previously served as Chair of The Royal Flying Doctor Service Federation Board from December 2019 to March 2022, the Foundation for the WA Museum from September 2018 March 2022 and Perth Airport from May 2018 to March 2022. From 2011 to 2018, Mr. Power was Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd. During his tenure, Fortescue more than quadrupled its production to over 170 million tonnes per annum and positioned itself as the lowest cost supplier of seaborne iron ore to China. During a period of plunging iron ore prices, Mr. Power was able to lead the business from a 55 million tonne miner with an operating cost of 53/tonne in 2011, to a 170 million tonne vertically integrated producer with a cost of 12/tonne in 2018. The performance metrics over his term are surpassed, only, by the positive culture created within its 5,000 strong workforce. Today, with a current market capitalisation of A 63 billion, Fortescue is considered a leader in the mining industry for its ability to rapidly grow, relentlessly lower costs, and lead continuous innovation. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Before joining Fortescue, Mr. Power held Chief Executive positions at Thiess and the Smorgon Steel Group adding to his extensive background in the mining, steel and construction industries. Mr. Power s early career was with Mt Isa Mines Ltd MIM ), starting as an apprentice fitter and turner and working his way through various areas of the company s underground and open cut mining, minerals processing and smelting operations over his two decades with the company. During his time at MIM, Mr. Power completed his B.Eng (Mech) at the DDIAE (now University of Southern Queensland), transforming his career. In addition, Mr. Power holds an MBA from University of Queensland. In 2016, Mr. Power was named Western Australia s Business Leader of the Year. He also has a long history in agribusiness and aviation, holding both fixed wing and rotary pilot licenses. Mr. Power is a passionate advocate for health and development of regional and Aboriginal communities. He owns and operates a cattle station in Queensland where he was born and raised. Mr. Power is an Honorary Fellow of both Engineers Australia and a Fellow of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Patrice E. Merrin (Director) is a company director with broad experience in the resource sector, heavy industry and capital markets. Ms. Merrin is a frequent speaker and respected, independent voice on industry and governance matters. Since 2014, she has served as an independent non-executive director of Glencore plc, a global commodity trading and mining company based in Switzerland. She chairs Glencore s Ethics, Culture and Compliance Committee and serves on the Health, Safety, Environment and Communities, and Investigations Committees. She is Glencore s Engagement Director for North America. In May 2022, Ms. Merrin joined the board of Lancium, Inc., an energy and technology company, as an independent director. Representing a family member, she has served since 2018 on the Board of private steel business Samuel, Son Co., Mississauga. In June 2019, Ms. Merrin was appointed Chair of the Board of Detour Gold, a role which concluded with the acquisition of Detour Gold by Kirkland Lake Gold in January 2020, a transaction valued at C 4.9 billion. She has served as a director of Arconic Inc. from May 2017 to December 2017, Stillwater Mining from May 2013 to May 2017, CML HealthCare Inc. from May 2008 to October 2013 (Chair 2011 to 2013), Novadaq Technologies Group from March 2015 to September 2017 and New Brunswick Power from 2007 to 2009. She was Lead Independent Director of Kew Media Group from March 2017 to December 2019 then Chair until February 2020 at which time the company entered into CCAA. Ms. Merrin has been a nominee on several activist files. Her executive roles in the resource sector have included President, CEO and Director of Luscar Ltd., Canada s largest thermal coal producer, from 2004-2006, then owned equally by Sherritt International Corporation and Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, prior to which she had been EVP and COO of Sherritt International, a Canadian diversified miner where she worked from 1994 to 2004. From 2009 to 2014, Ms. Merrin was a director of Climate Change and Emissions Management Corporation, created to support Alberta s initiatives on climate change and the reduction of emissions. She was a member of the National Advisory Panel on Sustainable Energy Science Technology and Canada s National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy. She is a member of Women In Mining and in 2016 was cited as one of the 100 Global Inspirational Women in Mining. Ms. Merrin served on the board of Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and is a former co-chair of Perimeter s Emmy Noether Circle, promoting women in physics. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen s University and completed the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD. Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman (Director, Audit Chair) is a Managing Director at Ankura Consulting in the Office of the CFO practice since July 2021 and brings more than 20 years of experience in capital markets and corporate advisory with a particular focus on the Natural Resources and Industrial Sectors. Mr. Gerdeman provides corporate finance, corporate strategy, and strategic communications counsel to clients around transformational events impacting a corporation s enterprise value and reputation. His expertise includes IPOs, strategic investor relations advisory, capital allocation strategies, working capital improvement analyses, mergers and acquisitions, activist defense, restructuring activities, and management transitions. Prior to his role at Ankura, Mr. Gerdeman was a Senior Advisor with FTI Consulting from October 2019 to July 2021. He also served as Chief Strategy and Investor Relations Officer for Livent Corporation a 2.4 bn market cap NYSE listed lithium producer from May 2018 to June 2019, during the company s IPO and separation from FMC Corporation. Before his role at Livent Corporation, Mr. Gerdeman was a Managing Director at FTI Consulting in the Strategic Communications and Corporate Finance segments. Mr. Gerdeman joined FTI Consulting in 2013, after having spent more than 12 years as a buyside analyst at leading U.S. investment firms. He was twice awarded Institutional Investor Magazine s prestigious Best of the Buy-Side for his unparalleled understanding of the industries that he covered. Mr. Gerdeman has served as a senior member of the research and investment teams at Neuberger Berman, Northern Trust Global Investors, and Zweig-Dimenna Associates. He is also a guest lecturer and mentor to Cornell University MBA Cayuga Fund students focusing on basic materials and natural resources. Mr. Gerdeman holds a Bachelor of Science in finance from 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 North Park University in Chicago, and a Master of Business Administration from S.C Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University and Queen s School of Business at Queen s University in Kingston, Ontario. John Rhett Miles Bennett (Director) has more than 16 years of experience in the exploration, financing, development, and operation of natural resources projects globally. Mr. Bennett is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Black Mountain. Black Mountain was established in 2007 and today the organization includes several business units: exploration and production operations, battery metals mining, commercial saltwater disposal, in-basin frac sand mining, carbon capture, and energy storage. Mr. Bennett has served as CEO of Black Mountain since its inception. In 2017, Black Mountain sold its New Mexico assets to Marathon Oil Corporation for 700 million. Black Mountain continues to identify opportunities to extract value from asset exploitation and optimization across the E P sector, both domestically in Australia and internationally. Beginning in 2017 with a growing supply constraint in the Permian Basin, Mr. Bennett built the Black Mountain Sand business to satisfy a void in the market for high quality, cost-effective in-basin frac sand. Black Mountain Sand has built 6 in-basin frac sand facilities across the U.S., producing quality in-basin sand that provides significant cost savings for E P operators nationally, while becoming the 3rd largest frac sand company in the world. Black Mountain Metals was established in 2018 to gain exposure to the rapidly emerging electric vehicle revolution, with a focus on natural resources extraction, specifically Class I Nickel Sulphide and Copper. Today, the company, which is based in Perth, Western Australia has ownership in 5 nickel mines and related midstream infrastructure in Western Australia. Mr. Bennett is a member of many industry organizations in the U.S., serving as a board member of the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers, as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Fort Worth Wildcatters, the Independent Petroleum Association of America (IPAA), the Texas Independent Producers Royalty Owners Association (TIPRO), the National Association of Royalty Owners (NARO), the American Association of Professional Landmen (AAPL), Young Professionals in Energy (YPE), and the Fort Worth Petroleum Club. Mr. Bennett has been the recipient of numerous awards in his career: Oil Gas Investor - Forty Under 40 the Oil Gas Awards - Future Industry Leader, EY Entrepreneur of the Year - Energy Services National Finalist, and D CEO Magazine - Oilfield Services CEO of the Year. Mr. Bennett earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the University of Georgia in 2003 and completed the Energy Executive Management Program at the University of Oklahoma Michael F. Price College of Business in 2012. The Honorable Charles D. McConnell (Director) is a global executive and technology subject matter expert (SME) within energy and power, petrochemicals technology, and the investment-business development marketplace who has led the growth of multimillion-dollar businesses and new business units. Mr. McConnell has expertise in operations, sales, business, marketing, domestic/global management, and managing senior-level technology teams. Mr. McConnell is experienced in both domestic and international markets and was posted in Singapore for business in China, India, Indonesia, Korea, and Malaysia. Mr. McConnell has received worldwide recognition for his development of and advocacy for climate change and carbon policies, e.g., Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS), 45Q CCUS, and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) policy as well as advanced carbon management in methane conversion and chemicals production. Mr. McConnell has served as Executive Director of Carbon Management and Energy Sustainability at the University of Houston since November 2018. A 40 - year veteran of the energy industry, Mr. McConnell joined the Rice University Energy and Environmental Initiative in August 2013 after serving two years as the Assistant Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy from 2011 to 2013. At DOE, Mr. McConnell was responsible for strategic policy leadership, budgets, project management, and research and development of the department s coal, oil and gas, and advanced technologies programs, as well as for the operations and management of the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve and the National Energy Technologies Laboratories. Prior to joining the DOE in 2011, Mr. McConnell served as Vice President of Carbon Management at Battelle Energy Technology in Columbus, Ohio and also spent 31 years with Praxair, Inc. (now Linde). Mr. McConnell is a global manager who guides multiple business units through change while communicating with diverse stakeholders, external clients, and investors to create sustainable and profitable growth. He captures new opportunities by assessing 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 market trends, building, motivating and educating high-performing teams, and evaluating technology and business portfolio options. Mr. McConnell revitalizes operations and business models for the energy transition marketplace by leveraging strong strategic planning, tactical client execution, and relationship-building collaboration for growth in energy markets challenged by a lower carbon future. Mr. McConnell is also a technology subject matter expert (SME) within energy and power, petrochemicals technology, and the investment-business development marketplace. He has been selected to testify in front of US Senate and House subcommittees on science, climate, technologies and policy. Mr. McConnell has been selected for leadership roles on the Board of the Energy and Environment Foundation North Dakota, the EPA Science Advisory Board, the Texas Carbon Neutral Coalition, Gasification Technologies Council and the Clean Carbon Technology Foundation of Texas. Mr. McConnell also serves as an Advisor to Warwick Carbon Solutions, a CCUS project developer, and DigiKerma, a blockchain carbon storage company. Mr. McConnell holds a bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University (1977) and an MBA in finance from Cleveland State University (1984). Our Advisors Ashley Elizabeth Zumwalt-Forbes is an engineer with ten years experience in acquiring, financing, and developing both greenfield and brownfield natural resources projects around the globe. Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes currently serves as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Black Mountain CarbonLock, a private carbon negative company established in 2021. She was previously Co-Founder and President of Black Mountain Metals, a private battery metals mining company established in 2018 and Black Mountain Exploration, a private natural gas company established in 2019. Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes served on the Strategic Advisory Board for Hennessy Capital s fifth SPAC (NASDAQ: HCICU) from January 2021 December 2022. She currently serves on the Strategic Advisory Board for TCU s Energy Institute and OU s School of Petroleum Engineering. Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes has been Executive Director of REEGenerate Pty Ltd since November 2021 and served as an Alternate Director and Senior Advisor to Black Mountain Energy (ASX: BME) from December 2021 September 2022. Prior to joining Black Mountain in 2017, Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes attended Harvard Business School from 2015 to 2017. Prior to that, Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes worked in several Lead Project Engineering roles from July 2012 to July 2015 at ExxonMobil and its subsidiary XTO Energy, managing drilling, completions, and planning aspects of international shale exploration, laying the groundwork for >US 1 billion capital deployment. Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes graduated summa cum laude from the University of Oklahoma with a B.S. in Petroleum Engineering and holds an MBA from Harvard Business School. Ms. Zumwalt-Forbes was recently highlighted as the featured honoree on the 2020 Forbes 30 under 30 in Energy list. Nicholas Power is the Co-Founder of Omnia Company, a family office and advisory business based in Perth, Australia, which operates within the resources, energy, and agriculture sectors. Mr. Power founded Omnia in October 2019. Prior to Omnia, Mr. Power held various senior management roles across the mining and construction industries internationally. Most recently, during his tenure with iron ore miner Fortescue Metals Group from May 2014 to September 2018, he held positions including Manager of Projects, Mine Manager, and Ore Processing Manager. In these roles, Mr. Power played a major part in the development of Fortescue into the world s lowest cost, fourth largest iron ore producer through rigorous cost management and innovative improvement projects. Mr. Power holds First-class Honours degrees in Engineering (Mechanical) and Business (Finance) from Swinburne University of Technology. Market Opportunity Urbanization has driven more centralized populations, more concentrated pollution, and significant increases in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions. Major government initiatives are being rolled out to curb GHG emissions, in some cases banning internal combustion engine vehicles altogether, through the electrification of transportation and its surrounding ecosystem; these sectors are currently undergoing what is best described as a once in a century transition that will create value-accretive ripple effects across several core areas, including the mining and metals sector. The metals used in electrification will see significant growth over the coming decade. An average electric vehicle with a 65kwh battery contains approximately: 183lbs of copper 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 95lbs of lithium 99lbs of nickel 27lbs of cobalt 
 Comparatively, an internal combustion engine vehicle contains approximately 40lbs of copper and negligible amounts of other commodities. Consumption of these electrification metals will grow exponentially, with potential deficits forecasted in the coming years due to the lack of new discoveries coming online, driven by the lengthy mining development timeline from discovery to first production. An additional opportunity that has arisen within the mining and metals space, driven by global macroeconomic events, is based in gold and precious metals. These metals are set to benefit significantly from the large amount of Quantitative Easing QE that is occurring and expected to continue globally. Recently, prices for precious metals have eased considerably due to the rapid global COVID-19 inoculation drive and heavy investment in infrastructure development. These factors may create potential value opportunities for the near term as the major global economies continue to grapple with interest and inflation levers. In addition, the precious metals industry remains highly fragmented and in need of meaningful consolidation. Our Business Strategy Our board of directors and management team have a long track record of creating shareholder value by identifying, acquiring, optimizing and operating undervalued opportunities in the natural resources sector. Our company has deep technical expertise and strong commercial acumen across all commodities, including base metals, iron ore, precious metals and electrification metals. This expertise extends through the value chain, including trading and marketing of these commodities, as well as across all major mining jurisdictions with a strong track record of environmental stewardship and positive engagement with governments and indigenous landholders in those jurisdictions. We believe that the team s history, and ability to identify and execute a transaction that creates value for shareholders, places our company with a substantial competitive advantage. The management and board will leverage a deep network of relationships with mining consultants and financiers globally, who have decades of experience assessing and evaluating assets, understanding underlying values, and, importantly, determining how to unlock that value. Our team has operated large and complex mining and downstream businesses in high quality, stable mining jurisdictions; through this, our team has built up a strong network of management that can be called upon to assist in optimizing and managing any mining asset our Company may acquire as a result of a business combination. Our CEO and CFO have an extensive commercial and mining background that focused on the evaluation, optimization, integration and turn-around of mining corporations or business units. Our Chief Development Officer has a long career in investment banking, advising small, medium and large global mining corporations with direct experience in mergers and acquisitions, and financings in both equity and debt capital markets. Our Company s focus is on opportunities in the natural resources sector, both upstream and downstream, with the exception of coal and petroleum. We are value driven and return focused (as evidenced by the team s track records) and are looking to acquire assets where we see the opportunity for significant value creation via operational improvement for our shareholders in the near term and ideally where we can also grow the asset base. Whilst we will remain open to assets globally, our preference is to focus efforts on assets high quality, stable jurisdictions. Our Investment Criteria In order to successfully consummate our initial business combination in a manner that provides the highest level of potential value uplift, alongside the least possible transaction risk, we have identified the following factors that we believe are important in selecting the most attractive business combination opportunities. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 While we intend to utilize these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular investment opportunity. Environmental, Social, and Governance Stewardship: We will look to combine with an asset or company that has a strong track record of environmental stewardship and with strong engagement with local stakeholders while operating under regulatory requirements. Reduce Jurisdiction Risk : Whilst we will maintain a global mandate, our strong preference is to complete our initial business combination with assets in a high quality, stable mining jurisdiction. We feel that this materially reduces the risk to the business and that the broader market will recognize this and value our company accordingly post any business combination. Manage Technical Risk : Our team has a long track record of being able to accurately assess technical risk and to identify upside opportunities and opportunities to operate more efficiently. We intend to use a bottom-up technical approach when assessing potential business combinations to ensure a solid footing for our company post such business combination. Strong Cost Position : We will endeavour to combine with a business/asset that has the potential to be well positioned on the global cost curve within a relatively short period of time after the business combination. Our team has a history of turning around assets that have historically been in the third and fourth quartiles of the cost curve to the first and second quartiles, and in doing so creating significant shareholder value. Focus on Growth Potential : We will look to combine with a business that has strong organic growth potential through optimization of the existing business, additional capital spend and potentially from mergers with nearby assets to realize operational synergies. Involvement of Strong Management Team : We will seek to combine with a business that has a management team in place with strong credentials or where we can strengthen management through providing access to our extensive global network. Benefit from Being a Public Company : Opportunities may exist to create value through a business being able to access the US public debt and equity capital markets to secure capital that it otherwise would not have access to. Assets that are privately held or sitting within major or mid-tier miners and PE firms will have to compete internally for capital and if they are below the minimum size threshold of those very large businesses, they may struggle to attract the capital that they deserve to fully realize their potential. Similarly, they may struggle to attract and retain top tier management as a relatively small asset within a very large portfolio which could be changed post a business combination with our company. Potential target assets may exist within existing public companies that are listed on smaller exchanges that don t enjoy the highly liquid and deep capital markets of the US and combining with these businesses could unlock shareholder value in a US listed environment. 
 In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and key employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that is made available to us. Each of our directors and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of our independent directors, will obtain an opinion that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view from either an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm. Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our founder shares, Class A ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officer or director were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. Initial Business Combination The NYSE rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned in the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 fair market value test. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination upon standards generally accepted by the financial community. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular prospective partner or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the prospective partner s assets or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post transaction company will own or acquire up to 100 of the equity interests or assets of the prospective partner business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the prospective partner business in order to meet certain objectives of the prospective partner management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the prospective partner sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the prospective partner, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the prospective partner and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a prospective partner. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the prospective partner. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a prospective partner business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test described above. If the business combination involves more than one prospective partner business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the prospective partner businesses. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a prospective partner that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular prospective partner business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a prospective partner business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8 - A with the SEC on July 28, 2021, to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. Other Considerations We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any member of our team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our board of directors directly or indirectly own private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular prospective partner business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a prospective partner business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, certain of our executive officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including without limitation, investment funds, accounts and co-investment vehicles. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Accordingly, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which they have then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, they will need to honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, our executive officers and directors have, and will have in the future, time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts and co-investment vehicles. Corporate Information Our executive offices are located at Century House, Ground Floor, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 2238, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands and our telephone number is (817) 698-9901. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the aggregate worldwide market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the aggregate worldwide market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the aggregate worldwide market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination in the amount of 268,908,716 in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 and 9,280,173 of deferred underwriting fees, deferred liabilities of 6,967,192, we offer a prospective partner business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the prospective partner business to fit its needs and desires. However, there can be no assurance that third-party financing will be available to us. Effecting our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust Account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. Sources of Prospective Partner Businesses In the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated, our process of identifying acquisition prospective partners will leverage our team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our directors and executive officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated, we anticipate that prospective partner business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Prospective partner businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to prospective partner businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus and know what types of businesses we are pursuing. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention prospective partner business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our team determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our team determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination prospective partner in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such prospective partner by us. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any member of our team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. All of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. In addition, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the prospective partner business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Evaluation of a Prospective Partner Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated, in evaluating an alternative prospective partner business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular alternative prospective partner, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the alternative business combination transaction. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 In the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated, the time required to identify and evaluate an alternative prospective partner business and to structure and complete an alternative initial business combination, and the costs associated with that process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective partner business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification Upon consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, the prospects of our success will depend on CMPL and the CSA Mine. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single or limited number of products. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the event triggering the right to redeem, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor, directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement warrants and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the prospective partner or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the prospective partner for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. The requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and applies whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the NYSE. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of two thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. In the event that our anchor investors purchase such units and vote them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and any units that our anchor investors may purchase, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 than other public stockholders. In addition, our sponsor, directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our founding to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our team at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different prospective partner until 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and each member of our team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that (A) would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third -party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our team will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if our team believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third -party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by our team to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where our team is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriter will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partner business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third -party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 700,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors; however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. Because our offering expenses exceeded our estimate of 700,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not held in the Trust Account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. If we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some, or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation may give others with greater resources an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain prospective target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at Century House, Ground Floor, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 2238, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three executive officers. In addition, Mr. Coetzee serves as a non-executive officer. No one on our team is obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a prospective partner business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks set forth below do not include specific risks relating to our Proposed Business Combination involving the acquisition of the CSA Mine from Glencore or the risks inherent in operating CSA. Specific risks relating to our Proposed Business Combination involving the acquisition of the CSA Mine and the risks inherent in operating the CSA Mine will be described in the documentation that we plan to circulate to shareholders when we seek shareholder approval of the Proposed Business Combination. For a description of those risks, please see the Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Metals Acquisition Ltd. on December 23, 2022. The risks presented below assume that we may not consummate the Proposed Business Combination with Glencore for the acquisition of the CSA Mine and, if that occurs, we will seek to find an alternative target with which to consummate an initial Business Combination. Summary Risk Factors The following is a summary of the more significant risks facing our Company: Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months (or such later date as approved by our shareholders) after the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 We are attempting to complete the Proposed Business Combination involving the CSA mine, a private operation about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination involving the acquisition of a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient capital to consummate the Business Combination. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Past performance by our management team or their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, an insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our Board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. We have previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, calculating earnings per share using the two-class method and accruals. Although these weaknesses have been addressed, it could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient capital to consummate the Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 268,908,716 million in the Trust Account. We have received conditional commitments for approximately 415 million of gross debt and bespoke financing as well as a 75 million debt component of a Redemptions Backstop Facility. The various financing commitments represent conditional commitments and are subject to change until such time as definitive binding documents are entered into. The relevant amounts, timing and conditions of the final financing may vary depending on numerous factors, including the prevailing business environment. Furthermore, whilst we are continuing to work toward obtaining PIPE financing, no firm commitments or definitive agreements have been entered into to date. Accordingly, there can be no assurances that we will be able to secure PIPE financing and if there are significant redemptions, the amount of cash left remaining in our Trust Account upon consummation of the Business Combination will be lower than anticipated. If we are unable to successfully enter into binding agreements for the debt facilities (and satisfy applicable conditions precedent), raise PIPE financing, or if redemptions are higher than we anticipate, then we would not be able to fund the consideration for the Proposed Business Combination. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. While we intend to seek shareholder approval of the Proposed Business Combination, if we pursue an alternative Business Combination we may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the NYSE rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a prospective partner business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. If we do not complete the Proposed Business Combination with Glencore and instead pursue an alternative Business Combination, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any prospective partner businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with our Proposed Business Combination with Glencore, our sponsor and members of our team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our team also may from time -to -time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Assuming our anchor investors vote all of their shares in favor of approval of our initial business combination, we would not need any of the 26,514,780 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with our Proposed Business Combination with Glencore, the agreement by our sponsor and our team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination prospective partners, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a prospective partner. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective partners will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. We do not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the business combination based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third -party financing. Raising additional third -party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination, including the Proposed Business Combination with Glencore, would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate, or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, may give prospective partner businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination prospective partners, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any prospective partner business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such prospective partner business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period with that particular prospective partner business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any prospective partner business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Beginning in January 2022, there has been a precipitous drop in the market values of growth-oriented companies. Accordingly, securities of growth companies such as ours may be more volatile than other securities and may involve special risks. Beginning in January 2022, there has been a precipitous drop in the market values of growth-oriented companies like ours. In recent months, inflationary pressures, increases in interest rates and other adverse economic and market forces have contributed to these drops in market value. As a result, our securities are subject to potential downward pressures, which may result in high redemptions of the cash available from the trust fund. If there are substantial redemptions, there will be a lower float of our common stock outstanding, which may cause a lack of liquidity and a further volatility in the price of our securities, which may adversely impact our ability to secure financing following the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. The recent COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on business and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination. In December 2019, a respiratory illness caused by a novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV2, causing the Coronavirus Disease 2019, also known as COVID-19 or coronavirus, emerged. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern . On January 31, 2020, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S., and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic . The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that has and could continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, which may delay or prevent the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, and the business of CMPL following the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The disruptions posed by COVID-19 have continued, and other matters of global concern may continue, for an extensive period of time, and the Company s ability, Glencore s ability and CMPL s ability to consummate the Proposed Business Combination and CMPL s financial condition and results of operations following the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination may be materially adversely affected.Each of the Company, Glencore and CMPL may also incur additional costs due to delays caused by COVID-19, which could adversely affect CMPL s financial condition and result of operations. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable prospective partner business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a prospective partner business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific prospective partner businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular prospective partner business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific prospective partner business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular prospective partner business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a prospective partner business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination prospective partner. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our team s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our team s area of expertise if a business combination prospective partner is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination prospective partner, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination prospective partner. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our team s expertise, our team s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our team s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our team may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Although we have identified general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective partner businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet such criteria, and as a result, the prospective partner business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria. Although we have identified general criteria for evaluating prospective partner businesses, and we believe CMPL and the CSA Mine satisfy many of these attributes (which we intend to outline in connection with the request for shareholder approval of the Proposed 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Business Combination), should we not consummate the Proposed Business Combination with Glencore, it is possible that CMPL and the CSA Mine or another target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet some or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a prospective partner that does not meet our general criteria, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a prospective partner business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the prospective partner business does not meet our general criteria. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or valuation firm or independent investment banking firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The proceeds from our initial public offering and the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option generated 265,147,800 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single prospective partner business or multiple prospective partner businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one prospective partner business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several prospective partner businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective partners, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share, and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors will determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that in exercising their business judgment, and subject to their fiduciary duties, the independent directors may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by them to be too high relative to the amount recoverable, or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account, the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, an insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our Board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file an involuntary insolvency petition (or the same is filed against us) that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, an insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us (and/or our shareholders) for these reasons. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must fu rnish our shareholders wit h prospective partner business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective partner businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on our proposed business combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of prospective partner businesses we may acquire because some prospective partners may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. We may seek business combination opportunities with a hig h degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a prospective partner business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We may engage the underwriter of our initial public offering or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that will released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business com bination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriter to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage the underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, identifying prospective partners, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriter or its affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to the underwriter or its affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriter s compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriter or its affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities We have identifi ed a material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weaknesses could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management will likewise be required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments, calculation of earnings per share using the two-class method and to properly accrue expenses. As a result, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans currently include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. We have improved our processes around tracking agreements and enhanced our processes to get updated confirmations from all service providers to ensure completeness of accruals. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the New York Stock Exchange, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Shares or our ability to complete a business combination. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weaknesses identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls, and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securi ties from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE s listing standards, our securities may not continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to the completion of our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, the share price of our securities would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections nor mally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a prospective partner business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Further, since we have no specified percentage threshold for redemption contained in our governing documents, our structure is different in this respect from the structure used by many blank check companies. Historically, blank check companies would not be able to consummate an initial business combination if the holders of such company s public shares voted against a proposed business combination and elected to redeem more than a specified maximum percentage of the shares sold in such company s initial public offering, which percentage threshold was typically between 19.99 and 39.99 . As a result, many blank check companies were unable to complete a business combination because the number of shares with respect to which the related public shareholder elected to redeem exceeded the maximum redemption threshold pursuant to which such company could proceed with its initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to consummate the Business Combination even if a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the Business Combination and have redeemed their shares. However, in no event will we redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of the Business Combination. If enough public shareholders exercise their redemption rights such that we cannot satisfy the cash and cash equivalents condition to Closing set forth in the Share Sale Agreement, we would not proceed with the redemption of public shares and the Proposed Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternative Business Combination. If we seek shareh older approval of our initi al business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareho lders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous prospective partner businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain prospective partner businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain prospective partner businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Prospective partner companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to a llow us to operate for the 24 months follo wing the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a prospective partner and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only 42,314 is currently available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering; however, our estimate may not be accurate, and our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a prospective partner business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep prospective partner businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such prospective partner businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a prospective partner business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a prospective partner business. The amount held in the Trust Account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and i mpairment or other char ges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct due diligence on a prospective partner business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular prospective partner business. In addition, factors outside of the prospective partner business and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a prospective partner business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. If third parties bring claims against us, t he proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third -party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our executive officer will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if our team believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third -party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by our team to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where our team is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partner business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third -party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. Our directors may decide not t o enforce the inde mnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board o f directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/ creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy o r insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of o ur shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effecti ve registration statement covering the public resale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. If we call the warrants for redemption for cash, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. The warrants may become exercisab le and re deemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue a dditional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completi on of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are currently no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Our initi al share holders may receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, members of our team or any of their 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such r ights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the prospective partner business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees are registered for resale. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific prospective partner business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific prospective partner business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may issue no tes or other debt, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we currently have no commitments to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may redeem your u nexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the Market Value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants are redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. The nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in the event we complete an initial business combination. In addition, the value of the sponsor s founder shares will be significantl y greater than the amount our sponsor paid to purchase such shares in the event we complete an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares to materially decline. Our sponsor has invested an aggregate of 8,327,956 in us in connection with our initial public offering, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 8,302,956 purchase price for the private placement warrants. We are offering our units to the public at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, and the amount in our Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share, implying an initial value of 10.00 per public share. However, because the sponsor paid only a nominal purchase price of approximately 0.003 per share for the founder shares, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted as a result of the automatic conversion of our sponsor s founder shares into Class A ordinary shares upon our completion of an initial business combination. The following table shows the public shareholders and our sponsor s investment per share and how these compare to the implied value of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of our initial business combination. The following table assumes that (i) our valuation is 265,147,800 (which is the amount we have in the Trust Account from our initial business combination), (ii) no interest is 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, (iii) no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination and (iv) all founder shares are held by our initial shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination, and does not take into account other potential impacts on our valuation at the time of the initial business combination such as (i) the value of our public and private placement warrants, (ii) the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares, (iii) the initial business combination transaction costs (including payment of 9,280,173 of deferred underwriting commissions), (iv) any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers, (v) any equity issued to other third party investors, or (vi) the target s business itself. 

Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders 26,514,780 shares Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor 6,628,695 shares Total ordinary shares 33,143,475 shares Total funds in trust at the initial business combination 265,147,800 Public shareholders investment per Class A ordinary share (1) 10.00 Our sponsor s investment per Class B ordinary share (2) 0.003 Implied value per Class A ordinary share upon the initial business combination (3) 8.00 

 (1) While the public shareholders investment is in both the public shares and the public warrants, for purposes of this table, the full investment amount is ascribed to the public shares only. (2) The sponsor s total investment in the equity of the company, inclusive of the founder shares and the sponsor s 8,302,956 investment in the private placement warrants including the over-allotment, is 8,327,956. For purposes of this table, the full investment amount is ascribed to the founder shares only. (3) All founder shares held by our sponsor would automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination. 
 Based on these assumptions, each Class A ordinary share would have an implied value of 8.00 per share upon completion of our initial business combination, representing a 20 decrease from the initial implied value of 10.00 per public share. While the implied value of 8.00 per Class A ordinary share upon completion of our initial business combination would represent a dilution to our public shareholders, this would represent a significant increase in value for our sponsor relative to the price it paid for each founder share. At 8.00 per Class A ordinary share, the 6,628,695 Class A ordinary shares that the sponsor owns upon completion of our initial business combination (after automatic conversion of the sponsor s 6,628,695 founder shares) would have an aggregate implied value of 53,029,560. As a result, even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary share significantly declines, the value of the founder shares held by our sponsor will be significantly greater than the amount our sponsor paid to purchase such shares. In addition, our sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in our company even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares after the initial business combination is as low as 0.038 per share. As a result, our sponsor is likely to earn a substantial profit on its investment in us upon disposition of its Class A ordinary shares even if the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares declines after we complete our initial business combination even if the value of the public shares declines significantly. Our sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized to complete an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or less-established target business than would be the case if our sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public shareholders paid for their public shares. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. Our warrants may h ave an adve rse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued 13,666,666 warrants in connection with our initial public offering (Public Warrants) and private placement warrants and 504,927 additional public warrants and 201,971 private placement warrants in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 On April 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we could borrow up to 1,200,000 from the Sponsor for working capital needs, including transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination (Refer to Note 5). On May 6, 2022, we borrowed 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note resulting in the additional issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor, fully satisfying our obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On January 9, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants and the total number of issued private warrants are 6,535,304. Our public warrants are also redeemable by us for Class A ordinary shares. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a prospective partner business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the prospective partner business. Our warran ts are accounted for as a warrant liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. We issued an aggregate of 13,666,666 warrants in connection with our initial public offering (comprised of the 8,333,333 public warrants included in the units and the 5,333,333 private placement warrants.) and an additional 504,927 public warrants and 201,971 private placement warrants in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment. Subsequent to the initial public offering, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note of 1,200,000 as a Working Capital Loan, which was converted at 1.50 per warrant into 800,000 private placement warrants on May 24, 2022. The total private placement warrants issued as at December 31, 2022 was 6,335,304. On January 9, 2023, the Company issued the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants and the total number of issued private warrants are 6,535,304. We account for private and public warrants as a warrant liability and record at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon the closing market price of the public warrants. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because ea ch unit contain s one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants are exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger prospective partner for prospective partner businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Risks Relating to Regulatory Compliance Requirements If w e are deemed to be an i nvestment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account are held in a non-interest -bearing trust. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to ne gotiate and c omplete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Our shareho lders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their s hares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some, or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. Compliance obliga tions under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a prospective partner business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Our initial business combina tion and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combinat ion, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and/or uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may: structure our business combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes; effect a business combination with a prospective partner company in another jurisdiction; or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the prospective partner company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a prospective partner company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. We may reincorp orate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imp osed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the prospective partner company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and t he risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination prospective partner. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. Any prospective partn er business may be materially adversely affected by regulations and evolving legislation governing issues involving climate change and sustainability. A number of international, federal, state or local governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impact of climate change. For example, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued a notice of finding and determination that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, and other greenhouse gases GHGs present an endangerment to human health and the environment, which allowed EPA to begin regulating emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act CAA ). Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on the business of any prospective partner business and its suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring, permitting, reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Given the political significance, regulatory or compliance obligations and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect the financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete of any prospective partner business. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or any prospective partner business could harm our reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which our prospective business partner may operate. We are an emer ging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Because we are incorpora ted under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights th rough the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the Company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by our team, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. Provisions in our a mended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors migh t be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench our team. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of our team and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Cyber incidents or attacks d irected at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early -stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Management, Directors and Employees Past per formance by our team or their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our team or their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by our team or their affiliates, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our team or any of their affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. None of our sponsor, officers or directors has had experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company in the past, except that Ashley Zumwalt-Forbes is a member of the Strategic Advisory Board for Hennessy Capital s fifth SPAC, NASDAQ: HCICU. We m ay not hold an ann ual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with our founding team. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Our financial statement footnotes include disclosure regarding the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations, we do not currently have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist solely of pursuing a Business Combination. While we expect to have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part of any financing source to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately be available. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance that our plans to raise additional capital (to the extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful by August 2, 2023. Holders of Cl ass A ordi nary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights . It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. We are depen dent upon ou r executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter is totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the prospective partner business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the prospective partner business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the prospective partner business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a prospective partner business in connection with a particular busin ess combination, a nd a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a prospective partner business. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective partner business and, as a result, may affect our initial business c ombination with a prospective partner business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective partner business, our ability to assess the prospective partner business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the prospective partner business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the prospective partner business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 The officers an d directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination prospective partner s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our exec utive officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Michael (Mick) James McMullen and Dan Vujcic serve our business on a full-time basis. Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse serves our business on a part-time basis. On February 6, 2023, Jan Benjamin Coetzee was appointed as a non-executive officer of MAC Australia (Pty) Ltd. Some of our other executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors p resently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to oth er entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a prospective partner business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our executive directors and officers expect in the future to become affiliated with other public blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a prospective partner business may be presented to such other blank check companies, prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our execut ive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our in terests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a prospective partner business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a prospective partner business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable prospective partner business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and, in our shareholders , best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more prospective partner businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliate d with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we are not specifically focusing on, or pursuing, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combin ation prospective partner is appropriate for our initial business combination. On March 16, 2021, affiliates of our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per unit, to cover for certain offering costs in consideration for 7,187,500 founder shares. In April 2021, our sponsor transferred 1,150,000 founder shares to certain of our officers, directors and advisers or entities controlled by our officers, directors and advisers. On July 12, 2021, Mr. McMullen and Mr. Bennett transferred 15,000 founders shares and 60,000 founders shares, respectively, to our Sponsor, and our Sponsor transferred an additional 25,000 founders shares to Mr. Gerdeman and 50,000 founders shares to a former advisor, Mr. William Beament. On December 14, 2022, Ashley Zumwalt-Forbes and Black Mountain Storage LLC (collectively, the Transferors entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement to assign and transfer an aggregate of 25,000 founder shares to Marthinus J. Crouse (the Recipient ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Transferors agreed to assign and transfer of the founder shares to the Recipient as soon as practicable after the date of the agreement. The 25,000 founder shares were transferred to the Recipient on December 23, 2022. Following these transfers, the total number of founders shares transferred to our officers, directors and advisers remained 1,150,000 founder shares. These 1,150,000 founder shares are not subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the affiliate of our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor owns 6,535,304 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant. If we do not consummate an initial 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a prospective partner business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24 - month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering and deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination, is August 2, 2023, which is only a few months from the date of filing of this Report. Our team may not be abl e to maintain control of a prospective partner business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a prospective partner business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate suc h business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares owns less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a prospective partner business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the prospective partner or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the prospective partner business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the prospective partner, our shareholders prior to the completion of our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the prospective partner and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a prospective partner. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the prospective partner. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our team will not be able to maintain control of the prospective partner business. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an init ial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other compa nies. As a result, certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation rel ating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings arising out of or relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. Risks Relating to Corporate Governance We do not hav e a specifie d maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charter s and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate a business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and c orresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity; unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of this agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our letter agreement w ith our sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, and our officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer the founder shares for 185 days following the date of our prospectus will require the prior written consent of the underwriter). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a prospec tive partner business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain cir cumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective partner business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a prospective partner business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative prospective partner business candidate. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the prospective partner business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the prospective partner business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our initial share holders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentia lly in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. In addition, we may amend the terms of our warrant agreement to allow for our warran ts to be classified as equity in our financial statements with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the public warrants and the pri vate placement warrants, voting together as a single class. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. Amending our warrant agreement to allow for our warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants and the private placement warrants, voting together as a single class. Otherwise, amending our warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants; provided that, solely in the case of an amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants that does not adversely affect any of the terms of the 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 public warrants, such amendment will require only the written consent or vote of the registered holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. A provision of our warrant agree ment may make i t more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Value, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the Market Value, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a prospective partner business. Our warrant agre ement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our team and board of directors. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Non-U.S. Countries If we pursue a pr ospective partner company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additio nal burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a prospective partner a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to United States tax laws; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters, pandemics and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our team following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources be coming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the prospective partner business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the prospective partner business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive prospective partner business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that prospective partner business to become profitable. Exchange ra te fluctu ations and currency policies may cause a prospective partner business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. prospective partner, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our prospective partner regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any prospective partner business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a prospective partner business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporat e in another ju risdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at Century House, Ground Floor, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 2238, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols MTAL.U, MTAL and MTAL WS, respectively. No fractional warrants were or will be issued and only whole warrants trade. Holders As of March 24, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, eleven holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Use of Proceeds Our Sponsor was issued an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, or Class B ordinary shares, (after taking into account a surrender of 558,805 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration effectuated on September 16, 2021) for which we received a capital contribution of an aggregate of 25,000. Our Sponsor subsequently transferred a portion of these founders shares to certain individuals, including certain of our independent directors, for the same per share purchase price originally paid for such shares. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 On August 2, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 25,000,000 units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company, each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,000,000. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO. On September 3, 2021, the Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,514,780 Units generating aggregate gross proceeds of 15,147,800 and incurring 302,956 in cash underwriting fees and 530,173 in deferred underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of 201,971 warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for 1.50 per warrant in a private placement with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment generating total proceeds of 302,956. Certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors who are unaffiliated with the management team Anchor Investors each expressed an interest to purchase up to 9.9 of the Units sold in the IPO at the public offering price of the Units offered. The Anchor Investors purchased a total of 19,575,000 Units or 78.3 of the outstanding Units following the IPO (assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option). After the exercise of the Underwriter s over-allotment option, the percentage purchased by Anchor Investors has decreased from 78.3 to 73.8 . In addition, the Sponsor sold membership interests representing an aggregate of 1,272,500 founder shares to all Anchor Investors combined. As the IPO included two instruments, Class A ordinary shares and warrants, and as the warrants are classified as a financial liability, it was necessary to allocate the gross proceeds between Class A ordinary shares and warrants. The Company adopted the residual method to allocate the gross proceeds between Class A ordinary shares and warrants based on their relative fair values. The gross proceeds were first allocated to the fair value of the warrants and the residual amount was then allocated to Class A ordinary shares. The percentage derived from this allocation was then used to allocate deferred offering costs between Class A ordinary shares and warrants. Issuance costs of 1,984,130 were allocated to the warrants and charged to the Company s statement of operations. Transaction costs of the IPO amounted to 26,713,571 consisting of 5,302,956 of underwriting discounts, 9,280,173 of deferred underwriting discounts, fair value in the Anchor Investor shares of 11,107,653, and 1,022,789 of other offering costs. Of the transaction costs, 1,984,130 is included in other expenses and 24,729,441 is included in temporary equity. A total of 265,147,800 was placed in a U.S.-based Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, upon closing of the IPO and the underwriter partially exercising its over-allotment option. Except for the withdrawal from the Trust Account of interest earned on the funds held therein necessary to pay our taxes, if any, the funds in the Trust Account will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our liquidation upon our failure to consummate a business combination within the required time period. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to us (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if any. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliates No purchases of our equity securities have been made by us or affiliated purchasers within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Item 6. [RESERVED]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, Metals Acquisition Corp, MAC, our, us or we refer to Metals Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the interim financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K, including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and variations thereof and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview The Company is a blank check company, incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 11, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). Following the closing of the IPO on August 2, 2021 and the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option on September 3, 2021, 265,147,800 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Trust Account and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations, within the meaning set forth in Section Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, subject to the requirements of law and regulation, provides that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a (A) shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. We will have only 24 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period ), which is only a few months from the date of filing of this Report, to complete the initial Business Combination. If we have not completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Recent Developments Business Combination On March 17, 2022, the Company, Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd MAC-Sub and Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited Glencore entered into a Share Sale Agreement (the SSA ). Under the terms of the SSA, MAC-Sub (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) will acquire from Glencore 100 of the issued share capital of Cobar Management Pty. Limited CMPL (the acquisition of CMPL and the CSA mine (as defined herein) from Glencore, the Proposed Business Combination ). CMPL owns and operates the Cornish, Scottish and Australian mine (the CSA Mine in Cobar, New South Wales, Australia. Under the original terms of the SSA, in consideration for the acquisition of CMPL, the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) pay 1,050,000,000 to Glencore (subject to a customary closing accounts adjustments to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the time of closing under the SSA (the Closing )), (b) issue 50,000,000 (5,000,000 shares) worth of MAC Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value to Glencore, and (c) enter into a net smelter royalty pursuant to which after the Closing, CMPL will pay to Glencore a royalty of 1.5 of all net smelter copper concentrate produced from the mining tenure held by CMPL at the time of the Closing. The foregoing description of the SSA and related exhibits does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SSA, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 hereto. On November 22, 2022, the Company, MAC-Sub and Metals Acquisition Limited MAC Limited entered into a Deed of Consent and Covenant (the Deed of Consent and Covenant with Glencore to amend the SSA (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 the parties thereto agreed to (i) permit the Company to undertake a re-domiciliation whereby the Company will be merged with and into MAC Limited, with MAC Limited continuing as the surviving company New MAC and (ii) amend the consideration payable to Glencore in connection with the acquisition of the CSA Mine whereby the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) Pay at least US775 million in cash (with the potential to be scaled up to 875 million depending on equity demand) to Glencore (subject to customary closing accounts adjustment (including New MAC being liable for accounting fees in connection with the transaction) to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the Closing; (b) Issue up to 10,000,000 ordinary shares of New MAC (the New MAC Ordinary Shares at the Closing (the Rollover Shares to Glencore (having a value of up to 100,000,000) with Glencore having the option to scale down the amount to 0 subject to MAC raising sufficient equity (with any scale-back to be reflected in the upfront cash payment scale-up, as set forth in subsection (a)); (c) Pay 75 million in a deferred cash payment on the following terms: 
 (i) Payable upon New MAC s listing on the Australian Stock Exchange or undertaking any alternative equity raise (up to 50 of the net proceeds from the raise, capped at 75 million); (ii) the unpaid balance of the 75 million will accrue interest at a rate equivalent to what New MAC pays on its mezzanine subordinated loan facility, set at SOFR plus a variable margin of 8-12 (which will be determined by reference to prevailing copper prices); and (iii) any residual (up to the 75 million plus applicable interest) not paid in cash by the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing will be settled on the next business day through the issuance of additional New MAC Ordinary Shares at a 30 discount to the 20-trading day VWAP before the issuance Equity Conversion Date ). If New MAC is listed on more than one exchange, the VWAP will be calculated by reference to the exchange with the largest volume equivalent) over the 20-trading day period before the Equity Conversion Date. If the New MAC Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to Glencore due to applicable law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange, Glencore, in its sole discretion, may delay the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, noting that such right only delays the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, which amount of New MAC Ordinary Shares will be set on the Equity Conversion Date 
 (d) Pay 150 million in cash structured as two contingent payments 75 million each) that are unsecured, fully subordinated and payable if, over the life of the CSA Mine, the average daily London Metal Exchange closing price is greater than: 
 (i) 4.25/lb 9,370/mt) for any rolling 18-month period (commencing at Closing) (the First Contingent Payment and (ii) 4.50/lb 9,920/mt) for any rolling 24-month period (commencing at Closing) (the Second Contingent Payment 
 The First Contingent Payment and the Second Contingent Payment will be payable as soon as the applicable payment trigger milestone has been achieved. However, if one or both of the milestones are met in the first three years post-Closing, the payment will only be made to the extent it does not constitute a breach of New MAC s finance facilities in place at the Closing. To the extent payment would constitute a breach of the relevant facilities, New MAC will be subject to an obligation to use best endeavors to obtain the consent of all financiers for the payment to be made during the three-year window. For the avoidance of doubt, New MAC will be obligated to make the payments on the earlier of the first business day following (i) the refinancing of its senior debt, and (ii) the third anniversary of the Closing (being maturity of the senior debt), to the extent that First Contingent Payment and/or Second Contingent Payment has been triggered but not paid during the first three years post-Closing; (e) Enter into a Royalty Deed and Offtake Agreement; and (f) Grant Glencore the right to appoint one (1) director to the New MAC board of directors for every 10 of New MAC Ordinary Shares that Glencore beneficially owns. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 The foregoing description of the Deed of Consent and Covenant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Deed of Consent and Covenant, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.2 hereto. Working Capital Loans Convertible Promissory Notes On April 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note to Green Mountain Metals LLC (the Sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 1,200,000 from the Sponsor for working capital needs, including transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. On May 6, 2022, the Company borrowed 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. All unpaid principal under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note was due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the CSA Mine in the Proposed Business Combination (such earlier date, the 2022 Maturity Date ). The Sponsor had the option, at any time on or prior to the 2022 Maturity Date, to convert any amounts outstanding under the Sponsor Convertible Note, up to 1,200,000 in the aggregate, into warrants to purchase the Company s Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of 1.50 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with our initial public offering. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000, resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor in full satisfaction of the Company s obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On January 9, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. All unpaid principal under the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note will be due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination (such earlier date, the 2023 Maturity Date ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, the Sponsor will have the option, at any time on or prior to the 2023 Maturity Date, to convert any amounts outstanding under the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, up to 300,000 in the aggregate, into warrants to purchase the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, at a conversion price of 1.50 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants. On February 6, 2023, Jan Benjamin Pieter Coetzee was appointed as the first full-time employee and a non-executive officer of MAC-Sub. Promissory Notes On October 25, 2022 the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company borrowed the maximum of 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the October 2022 Note will be due and payable in full the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the consummation of the Business Combination. On December 21, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to 1,254,533 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the December 2022 Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the acquisition of the CSA Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. The issuance of the December 2022 Note was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 786,096 and 0 were outstanding under the October 2022 Note and December 2022 Note. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Syndicated Facility Agreement On February 28, 2023, MAC-Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and MAC Limited (which will merge with and into the Company and be the surviving entity following the Business Combination (defined below)), as guarantors, entered into a syndicated facility agreement SFA with Citibank, N.A., Sydney Branch, Bank of Montreal, Harris Bank N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, Australian Branch, and National Bank of Canada (collectively, the Senior Lenders and Citisecurities Limited, as agent for the Senior Lenders, to provide a senior syndicate loan facility to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. The SFA provides for, among other things, three credit facilities (collectively, the Senior Facilitates as follows: (i) a US 205 million acquisition term loan Facility A that can be used to fund the Business Combination Consideration, requires quarterly repayments that are sculpted as necessary to meet a Debt Service Cover Ratio minimum of 1.50x but can be mandatorily repaid by way of a sweep of excess cash available to the MAC-Sub and each of its subsidiaries such that on the last day of each quarter, MAC-Sub must apply 30 of all excess cash in repayment of Facility A applied in inverse order of maturity, and is fully amortized over a notational 5 year loan life based on agreed financial modelling as described in the SFA; (ii) a US 25 million revolving credit facility Facility B that can be used only for general corporate purposes post-closing of the Business Combination, requires repayments such that all loans under Facility B are repaid on or before the date that is 3 years after the date of financial close under the SFA (the Termination Date and (iii) a A 40 million letter of credit facility Facility C that is for performance guarantees in favor of the government of New South Wales in relation to the environmental rehabilitation obligations of the CSA Mine and for other financial bank guarantees, as required, requires repayment on the Termination Date. At present Facility A and Facility B are fully committed, with Facility C not yet having received full commitments, but structured on the basis that a further lender can accede to the SFA to fund that Facility C. 
 The rate of interest for Facility A and B is calculated from the aggregate of (i) the margin (being a fixed amount of 3.0 per annum), and (ii) the greater of zero or the secured overnight financing rate SOFR for such day. The issuance fee for Facility C (in lieu of interest) is 2 per annum on the amount of each outstanding performance guarantee, or 3 per annum on the amount of each outstanding financial guarantee. The SFA also specifies a default interest rate of an additional 2 per annum for overdue payments. Under the SFA, certain events trigger an early repayment of certain amounts of the Senior Facilities (a Mandatory Prepayment Event including, but not limited to, if at any point it becomes unlawful at any point for the Senior Lenders to perform any of their obligations under the SFA and if shares of the Company (or any other subsidiary) are suspended from trading on the NYSE or the Australian Securities Exchange for 10 consecutive business days (other than in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination prior to closing). The SFA includes a number of financial covenants which MAC-Sub must comply with on specified testing dates (generally 12 month-rolling periods ending on the last day of each calendar-quarter). The financial covenants require MAC-Sub to (i) maintain a DSCR over any relevant period of not less than 1.20, (ii) have a forecast cash flow coverage ratio of not less than 1.25, (iii) have a Senior net debt to EBITDA ratio of not more than 2.5, (iv) maintain a ratio of total net debt to EBITDA of not more than 3.25 (for the first 12 months after financial close of the Senior Facilities) or 3.00 thereafter, (v) have available cash and cash equivalents of at least US 30 million at all times, and (vi) have a reserve tail ratio projection of over 25 at the Termination Date. Additionally, the SFA requires MAC-Sub to deposit into a proceeds account money received from various cashflow sources including, but not limited to (i) sales proceeds from minerals, (ii) GST refunds and tax credits, (iii) proceeds from hedging activities, and (iv) other amounts received in relation to the CSA Mine. The SFA then specifies the reasons for, and order of priority to be attributed to, amounts to be withdrawn from the proceeds account (before remaining funds may be transferred to a distribution account for permitted dividends and distributions). The Senior Facilities will be secured on a first lien basis by the Security Package (as described in the SFA). 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 The foregoing description of the SFA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SFA, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.10 hereto. Loan Note Subscription Agreement On March 10, 2023, MAC-Sub, the Company, and New MAC, as guarantors, entered into a mezzanine debt facility loan note subscription agreement (the Mezz Facility with Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector-2), LP, (the Lender and Sprott Resource Lending Corp., as agent and security trustee for the Lender, to provide a mezzanine loan facility to finance, in part, MAC-Sub s acquisition of the shares of CMPL in the Proposed Business Combination. The Mezz Facility provides for, among other things, US 135,000,000 total funding available to New MAC with a maturity of five (5) years from the closing of the Business Combination. The interest rate on the Mezz Facility will be paid on a quarterly basis and is calculated as the aggregate of (i) the Interest Rate Margin (outlined below), and (ii) the greater of the 3-month term SOFR rate or 2.00 per annum. The Interest Rate Margin is calculated based on the copper price on the first day of each calendar quarter as quoted on the London Metal Exchange LME ). The variation in the copper price will determine the margin rate as well as the composition of interest payments (being either cash and/or capitalized to the principal (provided no event of default is continuing)) as described below: 

LME Copper Price Margin Payment 12.00 100 capitalized / 0 Cash > 3.40/lb to 3.85/lb 10.00 60 capitalized / 40 Cash > 3.85/lb 8.00 0 capitalized / 100 Cash Under the Mezz Facility, any outstanding principal amount (together with all capitalized interest) is to be paid in full (i.e., bullet repayment) at the maturity date of the Mezz Facility. MAC-Sub is subject to standard and customary mandatory prepayment terms for a facility of this nature. MAC-Sub cannot make any voluntary pre-payments before the second anniversary of the term of the facility. After that time MAC-Sub may voluntarily prepay the whole facility amount only, subject to it also paying a prepayment premium of 4.00 for a prepayment during year 3 (noting that no prepayment premium is payable for voluntary prepayments thereafter). The Mezz Facility will be secured against (i) all property, assets, undertaking and rights of CMPL including without limitation all property and assets comprising the CSA Mine, (ii) all property, assets, undertakings and rights of the Company, including all equity interests held directly by the Company in MAC-Sub, (iii) all property, assets, undertakings and rights of MAC-Sub, (iv) all property, assets, undertaking and rights of any other affiliates of the Company related to CMPL or the CSA Mine, and (v) all intercompany loans owing by CMPL, MAC-Sub, the Company or any of the Company s affiliates related to CMPL or the CSA Mine to each or to any affiliate of the Company, and (vi) any other property, asset, right or undertaking of the Company or its subsidiaries that is subject to a security granted to any lender under the SFA, dated as of February 28, 2023, by and among MAC-Sub and the senior lenders party thereto. The security under the Mezz Facility will be subordinated to encumbrances granted under the SFA. CMPL and MAC-Sub (and any other direct or indirect affiliates of the Company holding a direct or indirect interest in the CSA Mine assets) will also guarantee the obligations of the Company under the Mezz Facility. Except as otherwise described above, the Mezz Facility is subject to substantially similar terms relating to conditions, representations and warranties, customary terms, covenants, conditions precedents, events of default and other provisions as the SFA governing the three senior credit facilities, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.10 hereto. The foregoing description of the Mezz Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Mezz Facility, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.11 hereto. Subscription Agreement In connection with the Mezz Facility, New MAC, the Company, Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector), LP (the Equity Subscriber and Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector-2), LP, (the Warrant Subscriber entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Equity Subscriber has committed to purchase 1,500,000 New MAC Ordinary Shares (the Subscribed Shares at a purchase price of 10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of 15,000,000. In addition, in accordance with the terms of the Mezz Facility, and subject to the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, the Warrant Subscriber will receive 3,187,500 warrants to purchase New MAC Ordinary Shares (the New MAC Financing Warrants once the 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Mezz Facility begins. Each New MAC Financing Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one New MAC Ordinary Share. The New MAC Financing Warrant documentation will contain customary anti-dilution clauses. The New MAC Financing Warrants will be fully transferrable and will last for the full term of the Mezz Facility with an exercise price of US 12.50 per share. Upon exercise, New MAC may either (i) cash-settle the New MAC Warrants, or (ii) direct the holder to offset the exercise price against the outstanding principal amount of the facility. New MAC may elect to accelerate the exercise date for the New MAC Financing Warrants if New MAC Ordinary Shares are quoted on a recognized stock exchange as over two (2) times the exercise price for twenty (20) consecutive trading days. The obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreement are conditioned upon, among other things, customary closing conditions and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Mezz Facility and the Business Combination Agreement. The foregoing description of the Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.12 hereto. Silver Purchase Agreement, Silver Stream Equity Subscription Agreement and Redemptions Backstop Facility On March 20, 2023, MAC-Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as a seller psa entity, the Company and New MAC following the Proposed Business Combination, as seller, entered into a silver purchase agreement (the Silver Stream with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Purchaser will advance to New MAC a 75,000,000 upfront cash deposit (the Silver Deposit on account of future deliveries of refined silver by New MAC to the Purchaser referenced to silver production from the CSA Mine (as defined below). The amount of the Silver Deposit will be increased by an additional 15,000,000 if the average silver market price quoted by the London Bullion Market Association (the LBMA is 25.50 per ounce or more over the ten (10) business day period prior to the closing of the Silver Stream. The Silver Deposit represents a pre-payment of a portion of the purchase price for refined silver to be sold by New MAC to the Purchaser under the Silver Stream. The Silver Deposit will be used by New MAC to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. The Silver Stream provides for the sale by New MAC to the Purchaser of an amount of refined silver equal to 100 of payable silver (calculated as 90 of produced silver) produced by the CSA Mine during the life of mine. The Purchaser will make ongoing cash payments for refined silver delivered equal to 4 (the Silver Cash Price of the silver price quoted on the LBMA for one ounce of refined silver on the day prior to the date of delivery (the Silver Market Price ). Until the Silver Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser shall credit the difference between the Silver Market Price and the Silver Cash Price against the outstanding Silver Deposit. After the Silver Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser will pay only the Silver Cash Price for each ounce of refined silver. Additionally, pursuant to the Silver Stream, the Purchaser has been granted a right of first refusal with respect to any royalty, stream or similar interest in the metals or other minerals mined from a project now or hereafter owned by MAC or any affiliate of New MAC that a third party offers to purchase from New MAC or any affiliate of New MAC (the ROFR ). The ROFR, applies until the later to occur of: (i) seven (7) years from the closing date of the Silver Stream; and (ii) the date on which the Purchaser or any affiliate ceases to hold or control more than 5 of the issued share capital of New MAC. Except as otherwise described above and customary terms and conditions for stream transactions, the Silver Stream contains substantially similar representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions as the SFA governing the three senior credit facilities. The Silver Stream is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Business Combination. The foregoing description of the Silver Stream does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Silver Stream, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.13 hereto. Silver Stream Equity Subscription Agreement Concurrently, on March 20, 2023, New MAC and the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Subscriber (the Silver Stream Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Subscriber has committed to purchase 1,500,000 New MAC Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of 10.00 per share and an aggregate price of 15,000,000. The subscription is conditional upon the completion of the Silver Stream, Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Proposed Business Combination. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 The Silver Stream Subscription Agreement provides for, among other things, the terms of the equity issue which are identical to the PIPE financing in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. The foregoing description of the Silver Stream Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Silver Stream Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.14 hereto. Redemptions Backstop Facility New MAC, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Redemptions Backstop Facility, consisting of a Copper Purchase Agreement (as defined below) with an upfront deposit of up to 75,000,000 and up to a 25,000,000 equity subscription (to be subscribed for on a pro-rata basis equal to the proportion of the deposit under the Copper Purchase Agreement that New MAC elects to draw on prior to the closing of the Proposed Business Combination (the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement (as defined below)). The deposit to be made available under the Redemptions Backstop Facility is drawable at New MAC s discretion in the event there is a shortfall of funds required for the Proposed Business Combination. The Redemptions Backstop Facility is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility, Silver Stream and the Proposed Business Combination. Copper Purchase Agreement On March 20, 2023, MAC-Sub, as a seller psa entity, the Company and New MAC, as sellers, entered into a copper purchase agreement (the Copper Stream with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Purchaser will make available to New MAC an upfront cash deposit of up to 75,000,000 (the Available Copper Deposit on account of future deliveries of refined copper by New MAC to the Purchaser referenced to copper production from the CSA Mine. New MAC may draw on the Available Copper Deposit in whole or in part by providing notice to the Purchaser no less than ten (10) business days prior to the closing of the Business Combination, with the Purchaser paying to New MAC in cash the amount of the Available Copper Deposit New MAC elects to draw down (the Elected Deposit Percentage at the closing of the Business Combination (the Copper Deposit ). The Copper Deposit represents a pre-payment of a portion of the purchase price for refined copper to be sold by New MAC to the Purchaser under the Copper Stream. The Copper Stream provides for the sale by New MAC to the Purchaser of an amount of refined copper equal to the Copper Stream Percentage (as defined below) of payable copper (being 96.2 of produced copper) produced by the CSA Mine during the life of the mine. For the purposes of the Copper Stream, the Copper Stream Percentage shall mean during the following periods: 

Time Period Payable Copper Closing to 1 st Anniversary of the Closing Date 0 1 st Anniversary of the Closing Date to 5 th Anniversary 3.00 5 th Anniversary until 33,000 metric tonnes of Refined Copper delivered to the Purchaser (the Threshold Quantity 4.875 Thereafter from the date that the Threshold Quantity has been met 2.25 The Threshold Quantity and Copper Stream Percentage will be adjusted on a pro rata basis in accordance with the Elected Deposit Percentage. In addition, under the Copper Stream, New MAC may elect to reduce the Copper Stream Percentage and the Threshold Quantity on the 5th anniversary of the closing date to the amounts and percentages set out in the Copper Stream upon making a one-time payment of 40,000,000 or 20,000,000, respectively. The Purchaser will make ongoing cash payments for refined copper delivered equal to 4 (the Copper Cash Price of the cash settlement price for one tonne of refined copper quoted by the LME on the date prior to the date of delivery (the Copper Market Price ). Until the Copper Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser shall credit the difference between the Copper Market Price and the Copper Cash Price against the outstanding Copper Deposit. After the Copper Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser will pay only the Copper Cash Price for each tonne of refined copper. Except as otherwise described above and customary terms and conditions for stream transactions, the Copper Stream contains substantially similar representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions as the SFA governing the Senior Facilities. The Copper Stream is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility, Silver Stream and the Proposed Business Combination. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 The foregoing description of the Copper Stream does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Copper Stream, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.15 hereto. Copper Stream Equity Subscription Agreement Concurrently, on March 20, 2023, New MAC and the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Subscriber (the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Subscriber has committed to purchase up to 2,500,000 New MAC Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of 10.00 per share and an aggregate price of up to 25,000,000. The number of shares purchased by the Subscriber shall be adjusted on a pro-rata basis proportional to the percentage of the Available Copper Deposit drawn down by New MAC under the Copper Stream. The subscription is conditional upon the completion of the Copper Stream, Silver Stream, Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Business Combination. The Copper Stream Subscription Agreement provides for, among other things, the terms of the equity issue which are identical to the PIPE financing in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. The foregoing description of the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.16 hereto. Results of Operations Activity for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to the preparation and consummation of the IPO, the search for a target to consummate a Business Combination, conducting due diligence on identified targets for a Business Combination and entering into the SSA. We will at the earliest generate any operating revenues after the completion of a Business Combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO and placed in the Trust Account as well as interest income on operating cash balances. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 4,742,618, consisting of operating and formation expenses of 2,117,475, acquisition costs of 7,625,359, stock compensation expense of 224,250, amortization of discount on convertible promissory note of 8,000, and bank fees of 5,205, offset by the trust interest income of 3,753,097, change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 1,477,374 and change in fair value of conversion option of 7,200. For the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 10,815,018, consisting of the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 14,982,447 and trust interest income of 7,819, offset by operating and formation expenses of 1,122,004, offering expenses related to warrant issuance of 1,984,130, value in excess of Private Placement Warrants of 1,066,666 and bank fees of 2,448. We classify the warrants issued in connection with the IPO and Private Placement as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrant instruments to fair value at each reporting period. These liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our consolidated statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in fair value of warrants, including the addition of warrants issued upon conversion of the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note, was a decrease of 1,477,375. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. The fair value of the converted warrants at December 31, 2022 and May 24, 2022 (issuance) was 392,400 and 480,000, respectively. Results of our operations and our ability to complete the Proposed Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. The business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. At this time, we cannot fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete the Proposed Business Combination. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 42,314 of cash outside of our Trust Account and working capital deficit of 17,936,214. All remaining cash was held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for our use prior to an initial Business Combination. We intend to use all the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes. Further, our Sponsor, officers, directors, or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). As described above, we entered into the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note on April 13, 2022 that constitutes Working Capital Loans. If we complete a Business Combination, we will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans will be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that our Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. On May 6, 2022, we borrowed 1,200,000 under Working Capital Loans. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000, resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor, fully satisfying the Company s obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On October 25, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the note will be due and payable in full up to the earlier of (1) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was outstanding under the October 2022 Note. On December 21, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to 1,254,533 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 486,096 was outstanding under the December 2022 Note. On January 9, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. We entered commitment letters that would provide additional sources of financing for the Business Combination (See Note 7). In addition, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by August 2, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution as well as the Company s anticipated capital requirements raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to raise additional capital (to the extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate the Proposed Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations Underwriter s Agreement The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 3, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,514,780 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ). Pursuant to the underwriter s agreement, the underwriter will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 or 9,280,173 of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Units) held in the Trust Account upon the completion of our initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the underwriter s agreement. Legal Services Agreement Legal services rendered by U.S. General Counsel are accrued on a quarterly basis but deferred for settlement until the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. The accrued fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3,373,124 and 517,612, respectively. Tax Planning Services Agreement Tax Planning services rendered by our tax advisor are accrued on a monthly basis but deferred for settlement until the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. The deferred fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 544,119 and 0, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any other long-term debt, finance or operating lease obligations. Glencore Deed of Consent On November 22, 2022, the Company, MAC-Sub and Metals Acquisition Limited MAC Limited entered into a Deed of Consent and Covenant (the Deed of Consent and Covenant with Glencore to amend the SSA (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the Company agreed to assume the costs related to the auditing fees associated with CMPL. The fees are being paid by Glencore and are repayable by the Company to Glencore at the earliest of the closing of the Proposed Business Combination or the cessation thereof. The deferred fees payable to Glencore as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,995,087 and 0, respectively. Going Concern and Management s Plan As of December 31, 2022, we had 42,314 of cash and a working capital deficit of 17,936,214. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Until the consummation of the Business Combination, we will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account. We entered commitment letters that would provide additional sources of financing for the Proposed Business Combination (See Note 7). On April 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we could borrow up to 1,200,000 from the Sponsor for working capital needs, including transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination (Refer to Note 5). On May 6, 2022, we borrowed 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor, fully satisfying our obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On October 25, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the note will be due and payable in full up to the 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 earlier of (1) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was outstanding under the October 2022 Note. On December 21, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to 1,254,533 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 486,096 was outstanding under the December 2022 Note. On January 9, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until August 2, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension of the period of time the Company has to complete a Business Combination has not been approved by the Company s stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders of the Company, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023. We intend to continue to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is only a few months from its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Report. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Our derivative instruments are recorded at fair value as of the IPO on August 2, 2021, and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. We have determined the warrants are derivative instruments. As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative, the Warrants are measured at fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the period of change. Warrant Instruments We account for the 13,666,666 warrants issued in connection with the IPO and Private Placement and an additional 504,927 Public Warrants and 201,971 Private Placement Warrants with the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option as well as the 800,000 and 200,000 Private Placement Warrants from the conversion of the December 2022 Note and 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note respectively, in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging. Under FASB ASC 815 the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify the warrant instrument 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 as a liability at fair value and adjust the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability will be re-measured at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of warrants will be estimated using an internal valuation model. The valuation model utilizes inputs and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled. Such warrant classification is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholder s deficit. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the balance sheet. Net (Loss) Income Per Share The Company has two classes of ordinary shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. In applying the two-class method, net income is shared pro rata between the two classes of shares whereas net losses, after adjustment for Trust income, are allocated solely to Class B ordinary shares, as Class A ordinary shares have no obligation to fund losses nor is their redemption feature reduced as a result of losses. Private and public warrants to purchase 14,373,564 Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share were issued on August 2, 2021, and September 3, 2021. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. Each private placement warrant entitles the Sponsor to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. The calculation of diluted (loss) income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, (ii) exercise of over-allotment, and (iii) Private Placement, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share is the same as basic net (loss) income per ordinary share for the periods. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from (losses) earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on August 2, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions, we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and we are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Over the reporting period ending December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments, calculating earnings per share using the two-class method and accruals. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Remedial Actions Management has identified material weaknesses in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments, calculating earnings per share using the two-class method and accruals. We plan to continue to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our consolidated financial statements. Our plans currently include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. We have improved our processes around tracking agreements and 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 enhanced our processes to get updated confirmations from all service providers to ensure completeness of accruals. The elements of our remediation plans can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have their intended effects. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. Based on our assessments and those criteria as noted, management determined that our internal control was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as it relates to the calculation of earnings per shares using the two-class method. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Michael (Mick) James McMullen 52 Chief Executive Officer and Director Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse 45 Chief Financial Officer Dan Vujcic 43 Chief Development Officer Neville Joseph Power 64 Chair Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman 47 Director, Audit Chair Patrice E. Merrin 74 Director John Rhett Miles Bennett 41 Director Charles D. McConnell 67 Director Michael (Mick) James McMullen (Chief Executive Officer and Director) brings more than 29 years of senior leadership experience in the exploration, financing, development, and operations of mining companies globally. Mr. McMullen most recently served as the CEO and President at Detour Gold Corporation Detour ), a 600,000 ounce per annum gold producer in Canada from May 2019 to January 2020. During his tenure, Mr. McMullen took the market capitalization from C 2.1 billion to C 4.9 billion over 7 months (date of deal announcement), which represented an internal rate of return of 208 , leading to the acquisition by Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. in 2020. Through his strong technical background and commercial acumen, Mr. McMullen established and led a team that reduced all-in-sustaining costs AISC , a mining metric that estimates all direct and recurring costs required to mine a unit of ore) by approximately 250/oz over that period in a business that had historically been viewed as an underperforming asset. Mr. McMullen also improved safety performance and repaired relations with its First Nations partners, enabling a large increase in operations to be permitted, which was fundamental to the increase in market value of the company. Prior to Detour, Mr. McMullen served as CEO at Stillwater Mining Company Stillwater from December 2013 to May 2017 and as Technical Advisor from May 2017 to December 2018, where he was instrumental in increasing Stillwater s market capitalization from 1.3 billion to 2.2 billion against a 10 fall in platinum group metals PGM prices over the same time. Mr. McMullen also served as a Nonexecutive Director at Stillwater from May 2013 to December2013. Stillwater was sold to Sibanye Gold Ltd. Sibanye in April 2017 in an all -cash deal valued at 2.7 billion, which represented an internal rate of return of 16 during his 41-month tenure. During his time as CEO at Stillwater, the company reduced AISC by approximately 300/oz, increased production to approximately 600,000 ounces per annum of PGM s, developed a new mine, and built its PGM recycling business to be the largest in the world. The Stillwater business had been operating for 27 years prior to Mr. McMullen s arrival as CEO and was viewed as a difficult operation with poor labor relations and safety track record. Leading up to its eventual sale, the company favorably renegotiated its labor agreements and reduced its safety incidence rate to be best-in-class in US underground mining. Mr. McMullen s time before Stillwater involved the identification, acquisition, development, and operation of a variety of mining assets across North and South America, Europe, Australia and Africa. These ranged from gold to base metals and bulk commodities. In addition, he has provided technical and financial advisory services to many of the larger PE funds, activist funds, and banks providing mining finance. Mr. McMullen has a strong technical background and track record of identifying undervalued opportunities in the mining space, assuming a management position, optimizing the assets, and ultimately realizing shareholder value, ranging from exploration assets (one of two founders at GT Gold Corporation GT Gold ), which sold to Newmont Mining Corporation for C 393 million) to large integrated downstream and upstream businesses like Stillwater. Mr. McMullen is a qualified geologist and received his B.Sc. from Newcastle University in 1992. From May 2021 to August 2022, Mr. McMullen served as a non-executive director at OceanaGold Corporation, a dual-listed ASX-TSX gold miner with operations in 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 the Philippines, US and New Zealand. Mr. McMullen also served as an Executive Director of Develop Global Limited from February 2021 to June 2021 and then as a non-executive director from July 2021 to February 2023. Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse (Chief Financial Officer) is a seasoned mining executive with nearly 20 years of experience in financial management, mine financial planning, business optimization and strategy development. He currently serves as executive director and chief financial officer of Amaroq Minerals Ltd. He held the position of CFO at Detour Gold from June 2019 to January 2020, where he facilitated the successful financial and operational turnaround and sale of the company to Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (now Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd) for C 4.9 billion. Prior to Detour, Mr. Crouse was Chief Financial Officer Vice President-Finance of Triple Flag Mining Finance Ltd., Triple Flag ), a Toronto-based privately owned metal streaming business, from September 2016 to June 2019. At Triple Flag he developed and implemented new financial reporting systems and internal controls, successfully arranged a C 300 million revolving credit facility with major banks and contributed to a team that committed close to 1 billion in royalty and streaming transactions. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Crouse was Vice President-Business Planning Optimization at Barrick Gold Corp. where he was instrumental in resetting the operating cost structure (lowering AISC from 927/oz in Q1 2015 to 706/oz in Q1 2016), improving the capital allocation discipline to deliver 471M of positive free cash flow for the first time in four years by Q4 2015, and reducing debt by 1.4 billion by Q3 2016, during a period of low gold prices. Mr. Crouse started his career in mining in 2002 by joining Xstrata plc. Xstrata ), the world s largest ferrochrome producer, and went on to integrate and optimize the nickel business unit in 2007 (following the 18.8 billion acquisition of Falconbridge Ltd), during which time he worked extensively in North America. He also fulfilled the role of asset manager at Glencore plc Glencore following its merger with Xstrata in 2013, and was responsible for integrating the previous Xstrata Nickel marketing offices. Mr. Crouse is a Chartered Professional Accountant (Ontario), a Chartered Accountant (South Africa), and a certified Financial Risk Manager (FRM) with a Bachelor of Computations (Honours) from the University of South Africa. Dan Vujcic (Chief Development Officer) is an Investment Banker Corporate Advisor with close to two decades of experience in global capital markets and a non-executive director at Solgold plc since October 25, 2022. In 2016, Mr. Vujcic established an independent advisory presence, Tilt Natural Resources Capital Limited, focusing on a selection of key clients globally, which he oversaw from 2016 to 2021. Over his career, Mr. Vujcic has advised clients in a diverse range of commodities across numerous jurisdictions, including raising capital in both equity and debt markets globally, supporting the growth ambitions of emerging miners, and attaining a significant presence in the industry. Prior, Mr. Vujcic led the effort to expand Jefferies footprint globally through its coverage of emerging small/mid-caps and family offices, working at Jefferies from November 2010 to October 2016. Mr. Vujcic was instrumental in leading First Quantum Minerals Ltd. s First Quantum CAD 5 billion acquisition of Inmet Mining Corporation. Mr. Vujcic started his investment banking career at Citi in Sydney in 2003 in the Metals Mining team and was involved in several high-profile transactions, including Fortescue Metals Group Ltd s 2.5 billion US high yield bond, its initial greenfield funding, paving the way for the development of one of the largest global iron ore producers. In 2007, Mr. Vujcic moved to Morgan Stanley in London working closely on transactions with Rio Tinto plc, Anglo American plc, First Quantum, and a number of emerging markets mining clients in the CIS and Asia. Mr. Vujcic completed a Bachelor of Business with 1st Class Honours at the University of Technology, Sydney in 1999 and completed his Chartered Accountants (ICAA) qualification at Arthur Andersen in 2002. Neville Joseph Power (Chair) is a highly experienced Executive and Company Director with extensive CEO and Board experience across engineering, construction, mining, energy, agriculture and aviation. Mr. Power is the Deputy Chair of Strike Energy Ltd, and a director of APM Human Services International Ltd. In the height of the global pandemic in 2020, Mr. Power was appointed by the Australian Prime Minister to lead the National COVID-19 Coordination Commission NCCC ). The NCCC concluded in April 2021. Mr. Power previously served as Chair of The Royal Flying Doctor Service Federation Board from December 2019 to March 2022, the Foundation for the WA Museum from September 2018 March 2022 and Perth Airport from May 2018 to March 2022. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 From 2011 to 2018, Mr. Power was Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd. During his tenure, Fortescue more than quadrupled its production to over 170 million tonnes per annum and positioned itself as the lowest cost supplier of seaborne iron ore to China. During a period of plunging iron ore prices, Mr. Power was able to lead the business from a 55 million tonne miner with an operating cost of 53/tonne in 2011, to a 170 million tonne vertically integrated producer with a cost of 12/tonne in 2018. The performance metrics over his term are surpassed, only, by the positive culture created within its 5,000 strong workforce. Today, with a current market capitalisation of A 63 billion, Fortescue is considered a leader in the mining industry for its ability to rapidly grow, relentlessly lower costs, and lead continuous innovation. Before joining Fortescue, Mr. Power held Chief Executive positions at Thiess and the Smorgon Steel Group adding to his extensive background in the mining, steel and construction industries. Mr. Power s early career was with Mt Isa Mines Ltd MIM ), starting as an apprentice fitter and turner and working his way through various areas of the company s underground and open cut mining, minerals processing and smelting operations over his two decades with the company. During his time at MIM, Mr. Power completed his B.Eng (Mech) at the DDIAE (now University of Southern Queensland), transforming his career. In addition, Mr. Power holds an MBA from University of Queensland. In 2016, Mr. Power was named Western Australia s Business Leader of the Year. He also has a long history in agribusiness and aviation, holding both fixed wing and rotary pilot licenses. Mr. Power is a passionate advocate for health and development of regional and Aboriginal communities. He owns and operates a cattle station in Queensland where he was born and raised. Mr. Power is an Honorary Fellow of both Engineers Australia and a Fellow of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Patrice E. Merrin (Director) is a company director with broad experience in the resource sector, heavy industry and capital markets. Ms. Merrin is a frequent speaker and respected, independent voice on industry and governance matters. Since 2014, she has served as an independent non-executive director of Glencore plc, a global commodity trading and mining company based in Switzerland. She chairs Glencore s Ethics, Culture and Compliance Committee and serves on the Health, Safety, Environment and Communities, and Investigations Committees. She is Glencore s Engagement Director for North America. In May 2022, Ms. Merrin joined the board of Lancium, Inc., an energy and technology company, as an independent director. Representing a family member, she has served since 2018 on the Board of private steel business Samuel, Son Co., Mississauga. In June 2019, Ms. Merrin was appointed Chair of the Board of Detour Gold, a role which concluded with the acquisition of Detour Gold by Kirkland Lake Gold in January 2020, a transaction valued at C 4.9 billion. She has served as a director of Arconic Inc. from May 2017 to December 2017, Stillwater Mining from May 2013 to May 2017, CML HealthCare Inc. from May 2008 to October 2013 (Chair 2011 to 2013), Novadaq Technologies Group from March 2015 to September 2017 and New Brunswick Power from 2007 to 2009. She was Lead Independent Director of Kew Media Group from March 2017 to December 2019 then Chair until February 2020 at which time the company entered into CCAA. Ms. Merrin has been a nominee on several activist files. Her executive roles in the resource sector have included President, CEO and Director of Luscar Ltd., Canada s largest thermal coal producer, from 2004 - 2006, then owned equally by Sherritt International Corporation and Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, prior to which she had been EVP and COO of Sherritt International, a Canadian diversified miner where she worked from 1994 to 2004. From 2009 to 2014, Ms. Merrin was a director of Climate Change and Emissions Management Corporation, created to support Alberta s initiatives on climate change and the reduction of emissions. She was a member of the National Advisory Panel on Sustainable Energy Science Technology and Canada s National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy. She is a member of Women In Mining and in 2016 was cited as one of the 100 Global Inspirational Women in Mining. Ms. Merrin served on the board of Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and is a former co-chair of Perimeter s Emmy Noether Circle, promoting women in physics. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen s University and completed the Advanced Management Programme at INSEAD. Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman (Director, Audit Chair) is a Managing Director at Ankura Consulting in the Office of the CFO practice since July 2021 and brings more than 20 years of experience in capital markets and corporate advisory with a particular focus on the Natural Resources and Industrial Sectors. Mr. Gerdeman provides corporate finance, corporate strategy, and strategic communications counsel to clients around transformational events impacting a corporation s enterprise value and reputation. His expertise includes IPOs, strategic investor relations advisory, capital allocation strategies, working capital improvement analyses, mergers and acquisitions, activist defense, restructuring activities, and management transitions. Prior to his role at Ankura, Mr. Gerdeman was a Senior Advisor with FTI Consulting from October 2019 to July 2021. He also served as Chief Strategy and Investor Relations Officer for Livent Corporation a 2.4bn market cap NYSE listed lithium producer from May 2018 to June 2019 during the 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 company s IPO and separation from FMC Corporation. Before his role at Livent Corporation, Mr. Gerdeman was a Managing Director at FTI Consulting in the Strategic Communications and Corporate Finance segments. Mr. Gerdeman joined FTI Consulting in 2013, after having spent more than 12 years as a buyside analyst at leading U.S. investment firms. He was twice awarded Institutional Investor Magazine s prestigious Best of the Buy-Side for his unparalleled understanding of the industries that he covered. Mr. Gerdeman has served as a senior member of the research and investment teams at Neuberger Berman, Northern Trust Global Investors, and Zweig-Dimenna Associates. He is also a guest lecturer and mentor to Cornell University MBA Cayuga Fund students focusing on basic materials and natural resources. Mr. Gerdeman holds a Bachelor of Science in finance from North Park University in Chicago, and a Master of Business Administration from S.C Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University and Queen s School of Business at Queen s University in Kingston, Ontario. John Rhett Miles Bennett (Director) has more than 16 years of experience in the exploration, financing, development, and operation of natural resources projects globally. Mr. Bennett is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Black Mountain. Black Mountain was established in 2007 and today the organization includes several business units: exploration and production operations, battery metals mining, commercial saltwater disposal, in-basin frac sand mining, carbon capture, and energy storage. Mr. Bennett has served as CEO of Black Mountain since its inception. In 2017, Black Mountain sold its New Mexico assets to Marathon Oil Corporation for 700 million. Black Mountain continues to identify opportunities to extract value from asset exploitation and optimization across the E P sector, both domestically in Australia and internationally. Beginning in 2017 with a growing supply constraint in the Permian Basin, Mr. Bennett built the Black Mountain Sand business to satisfy a void in the market for high quality, cost-effective in-basin frac sand. Black Mountain Sand has built 6 in-basin frac sand facilities across the U.S., producing quality in-basin sand that provides significant cost savings for E P operators nationally, while becoming the 3rd largest frac sand company in the world. Black Mountain Metals was established in 2018 to gain exposure to the rapidly emerging electric vehicle revolution, with a focus on natural resources extraction, specifically Class I Nickel Sulphide and Copper. Today, the company, which is based in Perth, Western Australia has ownership in 5 nickel mines and related midstream infrastructure in Western Australia. Mr. Bennett is a member of many industry organizations in the U.S., serving as a Board Member of the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers, as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Fort Worth Wildcatters, the Independent Petroleum Association of America (IPAA), the Texas Independent Producers Royalty Owners Association (TIPRO), the National Association of Royalty Owners (NARO), the American Association of Professional Landmen (AAPL), Young Professionals in Energy (YPE), and the Fort Worth Petroleum Club. Mr. Bennett has been the recipient of numerous awards in his career: Oil Gas Investor Forty Under 40, the Oil Gas Awards Future Industry Leader, EY Entrepreneur of the Year Energy Services National Finalist, and D CEO Magazine Oilfield Services CEO of the Year. Mr. Bennett earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the University of Georgia in 2003 and completed the Energy Executive Management Program at the University of Oklahoma Michael F. Price College of Business in 2012 The Honorable Charles D. McConnell (Director) is a global executive and technology subject matter expert (SME) within energy and power, petrochemicals technology, and the investment-business development marketplace who has led the growth of multimillion-dollar businesses and new business units. Mr. McConnell has expertise in operations, sales, business, marketing, domestic/global management, and managing senior-level technology teams. Mr. McConnell is experienced in both domestic and international markets and was posted in Singapore for business in China, India, Indonesia, Korea, and Malaysia. Mr. McConnell has received worldwide recognition for his development of and advocacy for climate change and carbon policies, e.g., Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS), 45Q CCUS, and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) policy as well as advanced carbon management in methane conversion and chemicals production. Mr. McConnell has served as Executive Director of Carbon Management and Energy Sustainability at the University of Houston since November 2018. A 40 - year veteran of the energy industry, Mr. McConnell joined the Rice University Energy and Environmental Initiative in August 2013 after serving two years as the Assistant Secretary of Energy at the U.S. Department of Energy from 2011 to 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 2013. At DOE, Mr. McConnell was responsible for strategic policy leadership, budgets, project management, and research and development of the department s coal, oil and gas, and advanced technologies programs, as well as for the operations and management of the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve and the National Energy Technologies Laboratories. Prior to joining the DOE in 2011, Mr. McConnell served as Vice President of Carbon Management at Battelle Energy Technology in Columbus, Ohio and also spent 31 years with Praxair, Inc. (now Linde). Mr. McConnell is a global manager who guides multiple business units through change while communicating with diverse stakeholders, external clients, and investors to create sustainable and profitable growth. He captures new opportunities by assessing market trends, building, motivating and educating high-performing teams, and evaluating technology and business portfolio options. Mr. McConnell revitalizes operations and business models for the energy transition marketplace by leveraging strong strategic planning, tactical client execution, and relationship-building collaboration for growth in energy markets challenged by a lower carbon future. Mr. McConnell is also a technology subject matter expert (SME) within energy and power, petrochemicals technology, and the investment-business development marketplace. He has been selected to testify in front of US Senate and House subcommittees on science, climate, technologies and policy. Mr. McConnell has been selected for leadership roles on the Board of the Energy and Environment Foundation North Dakota, the EPA Science Advisory Board, the Texas Carbon Neutral Coalition, Gasification Technologies Council and the Clean Carbon Technology Foundation of Texas. Mr. McConnell also serves as an Advisor to Warwick Carbon Solutions, a CCUS project developer, and DigiKerma, a blockchain carbon storage company. Mr. McConnell holds a bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from Carnegie-Mellon University (1977) and an MBA in finance from Cleveland State University (1984). Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Michael (Mick) James McMullen and Charles D. McConnell, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Neville Joseph Power and John Rhett Miles Bennett, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Patrice E. Merrin and Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman, will expire at our third annual general meeting. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Code of Ethics We adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Corporate Governance Audit Committee Our audit committee consists of Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman, Neville Joseph Power, and Patrice E. Merrin, all of whom are independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Gerdeman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit prospective partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit prospective partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms thereof; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee Our nominating committee consists of Patrice E. Merrin, Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman, and Charles D. McConnell, each of whom is an independent director under the NYSE s listing standards. Ms. Merrin serves as the Chair of the nominating committee. We adopted a nominating committee charter, which details the principal functions of the nominating committee, including overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. Our nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee Out Compensation Committee consists of Patrice E. Merrin, Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman, and Charles D. McConnell. Mr. McConnell serves as the Chair of the Compensation Committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive-compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board. Item 11. Executive Compensation. During 2022, Founder Shares transferred by the two members of the Sponsor to Marthinus J. Crouse amounted to a stock compensation expense of 224,250. None of executive officers or directors had any cash compensation in 2022 or other total compensation in excess of 100,000. No compensation of any kind, including finders or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our Sponsor, officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. Since our formation, we have not granted any shares options or shares appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive officers or directors. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 24, 2023 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our officers and directors; and all of our officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of warrants as such securities are not exercisable or convertible within 60 days. Information based on 33,143,475 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 24, 2023, of which 26,514,780 were Class A ordinary shares and 6,628,695 were Class B ordinary shares. 

Amount Approximate and Nature Percentage of of Beneficial Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Ownership (1) Ordinary Shares Green Mountain Metals LLC (2)(3) 6,628,695 20 Michael James McMullen (2)(4) 410,000 1.2 Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse (2) 100,000 Dan Vujcic (2)(5) 100,000 Patrice E. Merrin (2) 50,000 Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman (2) 75,000 Neville Joseph Power (2)(6) 50,000 John Rhett Miles Bennett (2)(7) 170,000 Charles D. McConnell (2) 50,000 SPAC Fund I (8) 1,485,000 5.6 SPAC Management I (8) 1,485,000 5.6 SPAC Management I GP (8) 1,485,000 5.6 Capital Management (8) 1,485,000 5.6 Capital Management GP (8) 1,485,000 5.6 Management Holdings (8) 1,485,000 5.6 Management Holdings GP (8) 1,485,000 5.6 Titanium Funding, LLC (9) 2,489,700 9.4 Atalaya Capital Management LP (10) 2,059,688 6.2 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (11) 1,668,063 6.3 Millennium Management LLC (12) 1,678,338 5.1 Millennium Group Management LLC (12) 1,678,338 5.1 Israel A. Englander (12) 1,678,338 5.1 Balyasny Asset Management L.P. (13) 1,934,448 7.3 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (14) 1,542,944 5.8 

 Less than one percent. (1) Interests shown include Class A ordinary shares and founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described in Exhibit 4.5 Description of Registrant s Securities attached to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) The business address of each corresponding entity and individual is Century House, Ground Floor, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 2238, Grand Cayman, E9 KY1-1107, Cayman Islands. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 (3) The shares reported herein are held in the name of our sponsor. There are three managers of our sponsor s board of managers, Michael (Mick) James McMullen, John Rhett Miles Bennett, and Ashley Elizabeth Zumwalt-Forbes. Each manager has one vote, and the approval of two of the three members of the board of managers is required to approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to our sponsor. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. (4) Mr. McMullen beneficially owns 410,000 Class B ordinary shares by McMullen Geological Services Pty Ltd., an entity that he owns jointly with his spouse. (5) Mr. Vujcic beneficially owns 100,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Tilt Natural Resources Capital Limited, an entity that he 100 owns. (6) Mr. Power beneficially owns 50,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Mascotte Capital Pty Ltd., an entity that he 100 owns. (7) Mr. Bennett beneficially owns 170,000 Class B ordinary shares held by Black Mountain Storage LLC, an entity that he 100 owns. (8) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by (i) Apollo Atlas Master Fund, LLC, a Cayman Islands exempted company Atlas (ii) Apollo Atlas Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Atlas Management (iii) Apollo PPF Credit Strategies, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company PPF Credit Strategies (iv) Apollo Credit Strategies Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company Credit Strategies (v) Apollo ST Fund Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ST Management (vi) Apollo ST Operating LP, a Delaware limited partnership ST Operating (vii) Apollo ST Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ST Capital (viii) ST Management Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ST Management Holdings (ix) Apollo A-N Credit Fund (Delaware), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership A-N Credit (x) Apollo A-N Credit Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company A-N Credit Management (xi) Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership SPAC Fund I (xii) Apollo SPAC Management I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership SPAC Management I (xiii) Apollo SPAC Management I GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SPAC Management I GP (xiv) Apollo Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Capital Management (xv) Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Capital Management GP (xvi) Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Management Holdings (xvii) Apollo Management Holdings GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Management Holdings GP ). The foregoing are collectively referred to herein as the Reporting Persons. Atlas and Atlas Management are deemed to beneficial own 38,610 shares. PPF Credit Strategies is deemed to beneficially own 98,258 shares. Credit Strategies, St Management, St Operating, ST Capital and ST Management Holdings are deemed to beneficially own 779,129 shares. A-N Credit and A-N Credit Management are deemed to own 74,003 shares. SPAC Fund I, SPAC Management I and SPAC Management I GP are deemed to beneficially own 1,485,000 shares. Atlas, PPF Credit Strategies, Credit Strategies, A-N Credit, and SPAC Fund I each disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares reported here. No Reporting Person has sole power to vote the respective shares they beneficially own. The principal office of each of Atlas, PPF Credit Strategies, A-N Credit, and SPAC Fund I is One Manhattanville Road, Suite 201, Purchase, New York 10577. The principal office of Credit Strategies is c/o Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY 9008, Cayman Islands. The principal office of each of Atlas Management, ST Management, ST Operating, ST Capital, ST Management Holdings, A-N Credit Management, SPAC Management I, SPAC Management I GP, Capital Management, Capital Management GP, Management Holdings, and Management Holdings GP is 9 W. 57th Street, 43rd Floor, New York, New York 10019. (9) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023 by Titanium Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TF LLC ), Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Management Company ), the following individuals: Joshua J. Dapice Dapice Philip D. Dreyfuss Dreyfuss Hannah E. Dunn Dunn Michael B. Fisch Fisch Richard B. Fried Fried Varun N. Gehani Gehani Nicolas Giauque Giauque David T. Kim Kim Michael G. Linn Linn Rajiv A. Patel Patel Thomas G. Roberts, Jr. Roberts Edric C. Saito 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Saito William Seybold Seybold Daniel S. Short Short Andrew J. M. Spokes Spokes John R. Warren Warren and Mark C. Wehrly Wehrly , collectively with the other individuals, the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons ). Each of the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons, other than Giauque and Spokes, is a citizen of the United States. Giauque is a citizen of France. Spokes is a citizen of the United Kingdom. The address of the principal business office of each of the Reporting Persons is c/o Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., One Maritime Plaza, Suite 2100, San Francisco, California 94111. (10) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021 by (i) Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP ASPIF II (ii) ACM ASOF VII (Cayman) Holdco LP ASOF (iii) ACM Alameda Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP Alameda (iv) ACM Alamosa (Cayman) Holdco LP Alamosa (v) Atalaya Capital Management LP ACM (vi) Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund, Ltd. CEOF (vii) Corbin Capital Partners GP, LLC Corbin GP (viii) Corbin Capital Partners Group, LLC CCPG and (ix) Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ). ACM may be deemed the beneficial owner of 2,059,688 shares underlying units, which amount includes (i) the 294,926 shares underlying units beneficially owned by ASPIF II, (ii) the 415,313 shares underlying units beneficially owned by ASOF, (iii) the 519,106 shares underlying units beneficially owned by Alameda and (iv) the 830,343 shares underlying units beneficially owned by Alamosa. Each of CCPG and CCP may be deemed the beneficial owner of 415,312 shares underlying units, which amount includes the 415,312 shares underlying units beneficially owned by CEOF. As of October 1, 2021, CCPG ceased to beneficially own any shares. The address of the principal business office of each of ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda, Alamosa and ACM is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. The address of the principal business office of each of CEOF, CCPG, Corbin GP and CCP is 590 Madison Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10022. (11) According to Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada PAMP ), which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company (together with PAMP, the Reporting Person ). The address of the business office of the Reporting Person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (12) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022 by Millennium Management LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware MM ), Millennium Group Management LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware MGM ), and Israel A. Englander (collectively, with MM and MGM, the Reporting Person ). The securities disclosed therein as potentially beneficially owned by Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Mr. Englander are held by entities subject to voting control and investment discretion by Millennium Management LLC and/or other investment managers that may be controlled by Millennium Group Management LLC (the managing member of Millennium Management LLC) and Mr. Englander (the sole voting trustee of the managing member of Millennium Group Management LLC). The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC or Mr. Englander as to beneficial ownership of the securities held by such entities. The address of the business office of the Reporting Person is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. (13) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Balyasny Asset Management L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership BAM ), BAM GP LLC is a Delaware limited liability company BAM GP ), Balyasny Asset Management Holdings LP is a Delaware limited partnership BAM Holdings ), Dames GP LLC is a Delaware limited liability company Dames ), and Dmitry Balyasny. The principal business office of BAM, BAM GP, BAM Holdings, Dames, and Dmitry Balyasny is 444 West Lake Street, 50 th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. (14) According to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Fir Tree Capital Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, located at 500 5th Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10110. 
 Our initial shareholders beneficially own 20 of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares and will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Further, our sponsor and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and our team. Our sponsor and our team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or prospective partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement. Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, private placement warrants, which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, and Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Equity Compensation Plans As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized for issuance. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.003 per share. Prior to the initial investment in our company of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per-share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to us by the number of founder shares issued. On September 3, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,514,780 Units and did not exercise the remaining over-allotment option; thus, 558,805 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. Our sponsor purchased 5,333,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 8,000,000 in the aggregate), in private placements that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and an additional 201,971 private placement warrants in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Ms. Patrice E. Merrin, who is a director on our board of directors, has served as an independent non-executive director of Glencore plc since 2014, an affiliate of Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited. She is also Glencore s Engagement Director for North America. Her affiliation with Glencore was taken into consideration by our board directors in making their determination to enter into the Share Sale Agreement with Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited. Ms. Merrin was recused from all decision making relating to the Proposed Business Combination. We currently maintain our executive offices at Century House, Ground Floor, Cricket Square, P.O. Box 2238, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. We may pay salaries or consulting fees to our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates. We may also pay success fees to such individuals upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than the monthly administrative fees and salaries, consulting fees or success fees described above, no compensation of any kind, including finder s fees, will be paid by us to our sponsors, CEO, CFO and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsors, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsors, officers, directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete an initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Until the consummation of the Business Combination, we will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account. We entered commitment letters that would provide additional sources of financing for the Proposed Business Combination (See Note 7). 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 On April 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we could borrow up to 1,200,000 from the Sponsor for working capital needs, including transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination (Refer to Note 5). On May 6, 2022, we borrowed 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note resulting in the issuance of 800,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor, fully satisfying our obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On October 25, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the note will be due and payable in full up to the earlier of (1) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was outstanding under the October 2022 Note. On December 21, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which we may borrow up to 1,254,533 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 486,096 was outstanding under the December 2022 Note. On January 9, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed 300,000 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of 300,000 under the Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of 200,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor. As of January 9, 2023, the Sponsor has fully exercised the option to convert 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans into Private Placement Warrants. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. Related Party Policy The audit committee of our board of directors have adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the Board Chair of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. Director Independence The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Patrice E. Merrin, Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman, Neville Joseph Power, and Charles D. McConnell are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP and to Ernst and Young LLP for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end consolidated financial statements and in connection with our proxy filing associated with the Proposed Business Combination. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum and by Ernst and Young for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 21, 2021, including services in connection with our initial public offering totaled 421,278 and 112,270, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 21, 2021, we did not pay Marcum or Ernst and Young for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum or Ernst and Young for tax planning and tax advice during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 21, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum or Ernst and Young for other services during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 21, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 1263) F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-29 (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 
 None. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Share Sale Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2022, by and among Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited, Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd. and Metals Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2022). 2.2 Deed of Consent and Covenant, dated November 22, 2022, by and among Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited, Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd., Metals Acquisition Corp. and Metals Acquisition Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 28, 2022). 3.1 Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. - 257854, filed on July 12, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333- 257854, filed on July 12, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333- 257854, filed on July 12, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 4.5 Description of Registrant s Securities. 10.1 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between the Company and Green Mountain Metals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 10.3 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the other Holders (as defined therein) signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor, certain investors in the Sponsor and each of the initial shareholders, directors and officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). 10.6 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of April 13, 2022, by and between the Company and Green Mountain Metals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2022). 10.7 Promissory Note, dated as of October 25, 2022, by and between the Company and Green Mountain Metals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022). 10.8 Promissory Note, dated as of December 21, 2022, by and between the Company and Green Mountain Metals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2022). 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 10.9 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and between the Company and Green Mountain Metals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023). 10.10 Syndicated Facilities Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd, Citibank N.A., Sydney Branch, Bank of Montreal, Harris Bank N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, Australian Branch and National Bank of Canada, with Citisecurities Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2023). 10.11 Mezzanine Debt Loan Note Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd and Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector), LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023). 10.12 Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Limited, Metals Acquisition Corp, Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector), LP and Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector-2), LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023). 10.13 Silver Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd, Metals Acquisition Corp, Metals Acquisition Limited, and Osisko Bermuda Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 10.14 Silver Stream Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Limited, Metals Acquisition Corp, and Osisko Bermuda Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 10.15 Copper Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd, Metals Acquisition Corp, Metals Acquisition Limited, and Osisko Bermuda Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 10.16 Copper Stream Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and between Metals Acquisition Limited, Metals Acquisition Corp, and Osisko Bermuda Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Filed herewith. Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2)(ii). Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 24th day of March, 2023. 

METALS ACQUISITION CORP By: /s/ Michael James McMullen Michael James McMullen Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) By: /s/ Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/ Michael James McMullen Chief Executive Officer and Director March 24, 2023 Michael James McMullen (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Chief Financial Officer March 24, 2023 Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Dan Vujcic Chief Development Officer March 24, 2023 Dan Vujcic /s/ Neville Joseph Power Chair March 24, 2023 Neville Joseph Power /s/ Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman Director, Audit Chair March 24, 2023 Rasmus Kristoffer Gerdeman /s/ Patrice E. Merrin Director March 24, 2023 Patrice E. Merrin /s/ John Rhett Miles Bennett Director March 24, 2023 John Rhett Miles Bennett /s/ Charles D. McConnell Director March 24, 2023 Charles D. McConnell 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 -F-29 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Metals Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Metals Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statement of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1, the Company has until August 2, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and the Company s stockholders have not approved an extension by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Given the uncertainty related to the ability to consummate a business combination by August 2, 2023 the Company has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Chartered Professional Accountants We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. March 24, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Metals Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Metals Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s available cash and working capital as of December 31, 2021 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. In 2023, we became the predecessor auditor. March 31, 2022 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, Notes 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash 1 Other receivable Prepaid expenses Total current assets Long-term prepaid expenses Marketable securities held in Trust Account 6 Deferred financing costs 1 Total Assets Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit Accrued expenses and accounts payable Accrued offering costs and expenses Deferred liabilities 7 Deferred underwriting discount 1 Promissory note related party 5 Total current liabilities Warrant liability 6 Deferred underwriting discount 1 Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 3 Shareholders Deficit: Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 3 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 3 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from For the March 11, 2021 Year Ended (Inception) Through December 31, December 31, Notes 2022 2021 Operating and formation costs Acquisition costs Stock compensation expense Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of warrants 6 Offering expenses related to warrant issuance 1 ) Excess value of Private Placement Warrants 1 ) Change in fair value conversion option 5 Trust interest income 2 Amortization of discount on convertible promissory note 5 ) Bank fee ) ) Total Other income, net Net (loss) income ) Basic and diluted weighted average Class A shares outstanding, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 2 Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A ordinary shares 1 Basic and diluted weighted average Class B ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class B ordinary shares 1 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Paid-In Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of March 11, 2021 (Inception) Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor Capital contribution for sale of Class B shares to Anchor Investors Forfeiture of founder shares ) ) Change in Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Contribution of conversion price in excess of fair value of warrants Stock compensation Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 METALS ACQUISITION CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from For the Year March 11, 2021 Ended (Inception) to Notes December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Formation costs paid by sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Offering expenses related to warrant issuance Excess value of Private Placement Warrants Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Decrease in fair value of warrants 6 ) ) Stock compensation expense 5 Change in fair value of conversion option 6 ) Amortization of discount on convertible promissory note 6 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other receivable ) Prepaid expenses ) Accrued expenses and accounts payable Accrued offering costs and expenses Deferred liabilities 7 Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment held in Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 6 Proceeds from promissory note related party Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriters fees Proceeds from private placement Advances from related parties 6 Payments to related parties 6 ) Payments of offering costs 3 ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash, beginning of the period Cash, end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Deferred financing costs included in accrued expenses Deferred underwriting commissions charged to additional paid in capital Fair value of capital contribution by Sponsor to Anchor Investors Forfeiture of founder shares Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Initial classification of warrant liability Private warrants issued upon conversion of related party promissory note Capital contributed upon settlement of related party note The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses (the Business Combination ). On March 4, 2022, a wholly owned subsidiary, Metals Acquisition Corp. (Australia) Pty Ltd MAC-Sub was incorporated under the Australian Corporations Act 2001 and registered in New South Wales for the purposes of the Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation, operating costs, and the initial public offering (the IPO ), described below and activities related to seeking an acquisition target. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments in the trust account derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s sponsor is Green Mountain Metals LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on July 28, 2021 (the Effective Date ).On August 2, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO. The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date of the Company s IPO (August 2, 2021) to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 3, 2021, the Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units generating aggregate gross proceeds of and incurring in cash underwriting fees (see Notes 3 and 8) and in deferred underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for per warrant in a private placement with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at per share, subject to adjustment (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating total proceeds of (the Private Placement Proceeds and, together with the Option Unit Proceeds, the Proceeds (see Note 5). On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused and Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor to the Company for no consideration. The Additional Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 Units or of the outstanding Units following the IPO (assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option). After the exercise of the Underwriter s over-allotment option, the percentage purchased by Anchor Investors has decreased from to . In addition, the Sponsor sold membership interests representing an aggregate of founder shares to all Anchor Investors combined that will convert on a -to-one basis into common shares in New MAC upon the Proposed Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of these founder shares attributable to Anchor Investors via their purchase of the membership interest to be , or per share. The founder shares purchased by the Anchor Investors represent a capital contribution by the Sponsor for the benefit of the Company and are recorded as offering costs and reflected as a reduction in the proceeds from the offering and offering expenses in accordance with ASC 470 and Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. As the IPO included two instruments, Class A ordinary shares and warrants, and as the warrants are classified as a financial liability, it was necessary to allocate the gross proceeds between Class A ordinary shares and warrants. The Company adopted the residual method to allocate the gross proceeds between Class A ordinary shares and warrants based on their relative fair values. The gross proceeds were first allocated to the fair value of the warrants and the residual amount was then allocated to Class A ordinary shares. The percentage derived from this allocation was then used to allocate deferred offering costs between Class A ordinary shares and warrants. Issuance costs of were allocated to the warrants and charged to the Company s prior period statement of operations. The purchase of in aggregate of the Units sold in the IPO, or Units and the sales of membership interest by the Sponsor are hereby referred to as the Anchor Investment. Transaction costs of the IPO amounted to consisting of of underwriting discounts, of deferred underwriting discounts, fair value in the Anchor Investor shares of , and of other offering costs. Of the transaction costs, is included in other expenses and is included in temporary equity. A total of was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, upon closing of the IPO and the underwriter partially exercising its over-allotment option. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). The Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts previously disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions held in trust) at the time of signing an agreement to enter a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for so that the Company is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. The public shareholders are entitled to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The ordinary shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and have been classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only 24 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company has not completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if the Company fails to consummate the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period). The Company s Sponsor has agreed it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay its tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be liable for such third-party claims. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Accordingly, the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. On March 17, 2022, the Company, MAC-Sub, and Glencore Operations Australia Pty Limited Glencore entered into a Share Sale Agreement (the SSA ). Under the terms of the SSA, MAC-Sub will acquire from Glencore of the issued share capital of Cobar Management Pty. Limited CMPL (the acquisition of CMPL and the CSA mine (as defined herein) from Glencore, the Proposed Business Combination ). CMPL owns and operates the Cornish, Scottish and Australian mine (the CSA Mine in Cobar, New South Wales, Australia. Under the original terms of the SSA, in consideration for the acquisition of CMPL, the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) pay to Glencore (subject to a customary closing accounts adjustments to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the time of closing under the SSA (the Closing )), (b) issue shares) worth of MAC Class A ordinary shares, par value to Glencore, and (c) enter into a net smelter royalty pursuant to which after the Closing, CMPL will pay to Glencore a royalty of of all net smelter copper concentrate produced from the mining tenure held by CMPL at the time of the Closing. The business combination has been approved by the boards of directors of the Company and Glencore. On November 22, 2022, the Company, MAC-Sub and Metals Acquisition Limited MAC Limited entered into a Deed of Consent and Covenant with Glencore to amend the SSA (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the parties thereto agreed to (i) permit the Company to undertake a re-domiciliation whereby the Company will be merged with and into MAC Limited, with MAC Limited continuing as the surviving company New MAC and (ii) amend the consideration payable to Glencore in connection with the acquisition of the CSA Mine whereby the Company and MAC-Sub will: (a) Pay at least million in cash (with the potential to be scaled up to million depending on equity demand) to Glencore (subject to customary closing accounts adjustment (including New MAC being liable for accounting fees in connection with the transaction) to reflect the working capital, net debt and tax liabilities of CMPL at the Closing; 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 ordinary shares of New MAC (the New MAC Ordinary Shares at the Closing (the Rollover Shares to Glencore (having a value of up to with Glencore having the option to scale down the amount to subject to MAC raising sufficient equity (with any scale-back to be reflected in the upfront cash payment scale-up, as set forth in subsection (a)); (c) Pay million in a deferred cash payment on the following terms: (i) Payable upon New MAC s listing on the Australian Stock Exchange or undertaking any alternative equity raise (up to of the net proceeds from the raise, capped at US million); (ii) the unpaid balance of the million will accrue interest at a rate equivalent to what New MAC pays on its mezzanine subordinated term loan, set at SOFR plus a variable margin of - (which will be determined by reference to prevailing copper prices); and (iii) any residual (up to the million plus applicable interest) not paid in cash by the date that is twelve 12 months after the Closing will be settled on the next business day through the issuance of additional New MAC Ordinary Shares at a discount to the -trading day VWAP before the issuance Equity Conversion Date ). If New MAC is listed on more than one exchange, the VWAP will be calculated by reference to the exchange with the largest volume (US equivalent) over the 20-trading day period before the Equity Conversion Date. If the New MAC Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to Glencore due to applicable law or the rules of any applicable stock exchange, Glencore, in its sole discretion, may delay the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, noting that such right only delays the date for the issuance of the New MAC Ordinary Shares, which amount of New MAC Ordinary Shares will be set on the Equity Conversion Date (d) Pay million in cash structured as contingent payments million each) that are unsecured, fully subordinated and payable if, over the life of the CSA Mine, the average daily London Metal Exchange closing price is greater than: (i) /lb (US /mt) for any rolling period (commencing at Closing) (the First Contingent Payment and (ii) /lb (US /mt) for any rolling 24-month period (commencing at Closing) (the Second Contingent Payment The First Contingent Payment and the Second Contingent Payment will be payable as soon as the applicable payment trigger milestone has been achieved. However, if one or both of the milestones are met in the first three years post-Closing, the payment will only be made to the extent it does not constitute a breach of New MAC s finance facilities in place at the Closing. To the extent payment would constitute a breach of the relevant facilities, New MAC will be subject to an obligation to use best endeavors to obtain the consent of all financiers for the payment to be made during the three-year window. For the avoidance of doubt, New MAC will be obligated to make the payments on the earlier of the first business day following (i) the refinancing of its senior debt, and (ii) the third anniversary of the Closing (being maturity of the senior debt), to the extent that First Contingent Payment and/or Second Contingent Payment has been triggered but not paid during the first post-Closing; (e) Enter into a Royalty Deed and Offtake Agreement as previously disclosed in the Current Report; and (f) Grant Glencore the right to appoint (1) director to the New MAC board of directors for every of New MAC Ordinary Shares that Glencore beneficially owns. On February 28, 2023, MAC-Sub, the Company and New MAC, as guarantors, entered into a syndicated facility agreement with Citibank, N.A., Sydney Branch, Bank of Montreal, Harris Bank N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, Australian Branch, and National Bank of Canada (collectively, the Senior Lenders and Citisecurities Limited, as agent for the Senior Lenders, to provide a senior syndicate loan facility to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. The Senior Syndicated Facility provides amongst other facilities, a US million acquisition term loan that can be used to fund in part the Business Combination Consideration. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. Going Concern and Management s Plan As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of cash and a working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Until the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account. On April 13, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to from the Sponsor for working capital needs, including transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination (Refer to Note 5). On May 6, 2022, the Company borrowed under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note resulting in the issuance of private placement warrants to the Sponsor, fully satisfying the Company s obligation under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On October 25, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the note will be due and payable in full up to the earlier of (1) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the October 2022 Note. On December 21, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the December 2022 Note. On January 9, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company borrowed from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination (Refer to Note 9). In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until August 2, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and the Company s stockholders have not approved an extension by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that, should a Business Combination not occur, and an extension not be approved by the stockholders of the Company, the potential for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 2, 2023. The Company intends to continue to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Report. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Report and without an extension it is highly unlikely that a different business combination would be consummated if the Proposed Business Combination failed. The condition precedent satisfaction date under the Share Sale Agreement (as amended) for the Proposed Business Combination is 28 April 2023 CP Date ). If all conditions precedent are not satisfied or waived by the CP Date and the parties don t mutually agree an extension in writing, then both the Company and Glencore have the option to unilaterally elect to terminate the Share Sale Agreement. In the event the conditions precedent are not satisfied or waived in full by the CP Date and neither party elects to terminate, then the Share Sale Agreement remains binding on both parties until such date as one party elects to exercise its option to terminate 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 and of cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. and , respectively, of investments held in a money market fund characterized as Level 1 investments within the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 (as defined below). 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, were capitalized and are included in deferred financing costs on the consolidated balance sheets. On February 28, 2023 and March 10, 2023, the Company closed the Senior Syndicated Facility and the Mezz Facility respectively Refer to Note 9, Subsequent Events. (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of fair value of founder shares sold to Anchor Investors, and of other offering costs) were recognized. Of the offering costs were allocated to the Public and Private Warrants and included in other expenses and included in temporary equity for the period ended December 31, 2021. There were offering costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 warrants issued in connection with the IPO and Private Placement and the additional public warrants and private placement warrants associated with the exercise of the over-allotment, in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must, thereby, be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classifies the warrant instrument as a liability at fair value and adjusts the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of warrants is determined by the closing price of the warrants on the last trading day of the reporting period. The valuation model utilizes inputs and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled. Such warrant classification is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 of funds held in trust that the Company may use to fund liquidation expenses. The Company will reduce the carrying amount of temporary equity for the availability of these funds only in the event that the Company s liquidation becomes probable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected on the consolidated balance sheets are reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants, net of offering costs ) Ordinary share issuance costs ) Plus: Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 Plus: Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 Class A ordinary shares at per share were issued on August 2, 2021, and September 3, 2021. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of private placement warrants to the Sponsor. Each private placement warrant entitles the Sponsor to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. The calculation of diluted (loss) income per common share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, (ii) exercise of over-allotment, or (iii) Private Placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share is the same as basic net (loss) income per ordinary share for the periods. The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share ) 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect any change in unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with connection to Australia via MAC-Sub as a taxable jurisdiction. MAC-Sub is dormant and the Company is therefore presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands, United States or Australia. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one -third of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The warrants will become exercisable after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The warrants will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date of the Company s IPO (August 2, 2021) to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments. On September 3, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units generating aggregate gross proceeds of and incurring in cash underwriting fees (see Note 1) and of deferred underwriting fees. On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused and Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor to the Company for no consideration. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), or the Newly Issued Price; (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions); and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of the ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the and per share redemption trigger prices described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equal or exceed and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. The warrants cannot be exercised until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration, or if a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. If the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and if, and only if, the last reported sales price (the Closing Price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities for any trading days within a 30 -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below); and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per public share (as adjusted per share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide the warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-day trading period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per warrant, or in the aggregate. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor for an aggregate of warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for per warrant in a private placement with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at per share, subject to adjustment (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating total proceeds of (the Private Placement Proceeds and, together with the Option Unit Proceeds, the Proceeds (see Note 1). On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are not transferable, assignable, or salable until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO. , or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, of which shares were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised. On September 3, 2021, the Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units. On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused. Consequently, shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration. The Company s initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. On December 14, 2022, Ashley Zumwalt-Forbes and Black Mountain Storage LLC (collectively, the Transferors entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement to assign and transfer an aggregate of shares in the Sponsor that will convert on a one -to-one basis into common shares in New MAC upon the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, to Marthinus J. Crouse (the Recipient ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Transferors agreed to assign and transfer of the founder shares to the Recipient as soon as practicable after the date of the agreement. The founder shares were transferred to the Recipient on December 23, 2022. The transfer of the founder shares is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. There are no vesting restrictions on the shares transferred therefore there is no performance condition. Compensation expense of or per share was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. The employment agreements expected to be signed by management in connection with the close of the Proposed Business Combination provide for the grant of restricted stock units. As these grants are contingent upon the close of the Proposed Business Combination no amounts have been recorded in these consolidated financial statements. Promissory Notes Related Party On October 25, 2022 the Company issued an unsecured promissory note the October 2022 Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company borrowed the maximum of from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The October 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the October 2022 Note will be due and payable in full the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the consummation of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were outstanding under the October 2022 Note. On December 21, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the December 2022 Note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. The December 2022 Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the December 2022 Note will be due and payable in full up the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023 and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were outstanding under the December 2022 Note. Advances from Related Parties The Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor incurred expenses on behalf of the Company only between the initial Company registration and the IPO. The liability was non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received advances from related parties of and were fully repaid at the close of the IPO. As at December 31, 2021 and 2022 there were no advances from Related Parties. Working Capital Loans Convertible Promissory Notes from Related Party To finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans. If the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 . The 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate the Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up to of the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note may be converted into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants; provided, however, that (i) the warrants will not be subject to forfeiture in connection with the Business Combination and (ii) the warrants will grant the holders the right to purchase ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants. Concurrently with entering into the agreement, the Company borrowed against the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. On May 24, 2022, the Sponsor exercised the conversion option and converted the issued and outstanding loan balance of under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note into private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding amounts under the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note. The Company assessed the provisions of the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note under ASC 470-20. The derivative component of the obligation was initially valued and classified as a derivative liability. The conversion option was valued using a Monte Carlo Simulation method, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement and based on the following assumptions (see Note 6): Exercise price Holding period Risk-free rate Volatility and , respectively. Under the guidance in ASC 815-40 the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment. As such, the warrants must be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. This valuation is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each re-measurement, the warrant valuation will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company s warrant liability for the Private Placement Warrants was based on a valuation model utilizing inputs from observable and unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets for the period ended December 31, 2021. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrant liability units was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the closing price of the Public Warrants was determined to be an appropriate estimate for the fair value of Private Placement Warrants due to a make-whole provision in the contractual terms of the Private Placement Warrants Agreement and reclassified to Level 2. On September 20, 2021, the Company s Public Warrants began trading on the New York Stock Exchange. As such, the Company s warrant liability for the Public Warrants is based on unadjusted quoted prices in an active market (the New York Stock Exchange) for identical assets or liabilities that the Company can access. The fair value of the Public Warrant liability is classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. All of the Company s trust assets on the balance sheet consist of U. S. Money Market funds. Fair values of these investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants The Company established the initial fair value for the Warrants on August 2, 2021, the date of the consummation of the Company s IPO and September 3, 2021, the date of the Underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, respectively. The Company used a Black-Scholes model to value the Public and Private Warrants at that time. The Company accounts for conversion options embedded in convertible notes in accordance with ASC 815. ASC 815 generally requires companies to bifurcate conversion options embedded in convertible notes from their host instruments and to account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. The conversion option liability of the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model which values each borrowing at borrowing date and is revalued at each subsequent conversion and reporting date. The Monte Carlo model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the conversion option liability is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility was implied from the Company s own Public Warrant pricing. Other key assumptions used in connection with the Monte Carlo model were holding period, risk free rate, exercise price, and underlying warrant value, which were based on market conditions, management assumptions, and terms of the 2022 Sponsor Convertible Note (see Note 5). The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements of Private Placement Warrants: Strike price Term (in years) Volatility Risk-free rate Dividend yield 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in fair value liability of the beginning and ending balances for the Company s Private Placement Warrants as Level 3: Promissory note conversion Change in fair value ) Private Placement Warrants reclassified to level 2 ) Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

 Except for the transfer from Level 3 to Level 1 for the Public Warrants and Level 3 to Level 2 for the Private Warrants, there were other transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriter s Agreement The underwriter had a -day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 3, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units generating aggregate gross proceeds of and incurring in cash underwriting fees (see Note 1). On September 16, 2021, the remaining amounts under the over-allotment option expired unused. The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of two percent of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Units), or . Additionally, the underwriter will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of or of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Units) held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Legal Services Agreement Legal services rendered by U.S. General Counsel are accrued on a quarterly basis but deferred for settlement until the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. The accrued fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. These amounts are included in deferred liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Tax Planning Services Agreement Tax planning services rendered by the Company s tax advisor are accrued on a monthly basis but deferred for settlement until the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. The deferred fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. These amounts are included in deferred liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. These amounts are included in deferred liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. preference shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding . Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption reflected as temporary equity. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. In March 2021, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised. On September 3, 2021, with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited of the Class B ordinary shares. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued Class B ordinary shares to its Sponsor for , or approximately per share. Pursuant to the Anchor Investment, the Sponsor sold founder shares to the Anchor Investors at the same price the Sponsor purchased the founder shares from the Company (approximately per share). The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the consummation of the IPO, plus the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, members of the team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, except as specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by law or the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect, holders of the founder shares and holders of the public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to vote. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 from the Sponsor for transaction costs reasonably related to the consummation of the Business Combination. All unpaid principal under the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note will be due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) August 2, 2023, and (ii) the acquisition of the Cornish, Scottish and Australian Mine in the Company s Proposed Business Combination (the Business Combination (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, the Sponsor will have the option, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, to convert any amounts outstanding under the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, up to in the aggregate, into warrants to purchase the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, at a conversion price of per warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable to the private placement warrants sold concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. Concurrently upon the issuance of the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, on January 9, 2023, the Sponsor exercised its option to convert the issued and outstanding loan amount of under the 2023 Sponsor Convertible Note, resulting in the issuance of private placement warrants to the Sponsor. Senior Syndicated Facility Agreement On February 28, 2023, MAC-Sub, the Company and New MAC, as guarantors, entered into a syndicated facility agreement SFA with Citibank, N.A., Sydney Branch, Bank of Montreal, Harris Bank N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, Australian Branch, and National Bank of Canada (collectively, the Senior Lenders and Citisecurities Limited, as agent for the Senior Lenders, to provide a senior syndicate loan facility to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. The SFA provides for, among other things, credit facilities (collectively, the Senior Facilitates as follows: (i) a million acquisition term loan Facility A that can be used to fund the Business Combination Consideration, requires quarterly repayments that are sculpted as necessary to meet a Debt Service Cover Ratio minimum of x but can be mandatorily repaid by way of a sweep of excess cash available to the MAC-Sub and each of its subsidiaries such that on the last day of each quarter, MAC-Sub must apply of all excess cash in repayment of Facility A applied in inverse order of maturity, and is fully amortized over a notational year loan life based on agreed financial modelling as described in the SFA; (ii) a million revolving credit facility Facility B that can be used only for general corporate purposes post-closing of the Business Combination, requires repayments such that all loans under Facility B are repaid on or before the date that is years after the date of financial close under the SFA (the Termination Date and (iii) a A million letter of credit facility Facility C that is for performance guarantees in favor of the government of New South Wales in relation to the environmental rehabilitation obligations of the CSA Mine and for other financial bank guarantees, as required, requires repayment on the Termination Date. At present Facility A and Facility B are fully committed, with Facility C not yet having received full commitments, but structured on the basis that a further lender can accede to the SFA to fund that Facility C. 
 The rate of interest for Facility A and B is calculated from the aggregate of i) the margin (being a fixed amount of per annum), and (ii) the greater of zero or the secured overnight financing rate SOFR for such day. The issuance fee for Facility C (in lieu of interest) is per annum on the amount of each outstanding performance guarantee, or per annum on the amount of each outstanding financial guarantee. The SFA also specifies a default interest rate of an additional per annum for overdue payments. The SFA is subject to customary closing conditions and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 total funding available to MAC with a maturity of five ) years from the closing of the Business Combination. The interest rate on the Mezz Facility will be paid on a quarterly basis and is calculated as the aggregate of (i) the Interest Rate Margin (outlined below), and (ii) the greater of the 3-month term SOFR rate or per annum. The Interest Rate Margin is calculated based on the copper price on the first day of each calendar quarter as quoted on the London Metal Exchange LME ). The variation in the copper price will determine the margin rate as well as the composition of interest payments (being either cash and/or capitalized to the principal (provided no event of default is continuing) as described below: 100 capitalized / 0 Cash > 3.40/lb to 3.85/lb 60 capitalized / 40 Cash > 3.85/lb 0 capitalized / 100 Cash Equity Subscription Agreement Concurrently, in connection with the Mezz Facility, New MAC, the Company, Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector), LP (the Equity Subscriber and Sprott Private Resource Lending II (Collector-2), LP, (the Warrant Subscriber entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Equity Subscriber has committed to purchase New MAC Ordinary Shares (the Subscribed Shares at a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of . In addition, in accordance with the terms of the Mezz Facility, and subject to the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, the Warrant Subscriber will receive warrants to purchase New MAC Ordinary Shares (the New MAC Financing Warrants once the Mezz Facility begins. Each New MAC Financing Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase New MAC Ordinary Share. The New MAC Financing Warrant documentation will contain customary anti-dilution clauses. The New MAC Financing Warrants will be fully transferrable and will last for the full term of the Mezz Facility with an exercise price of US per share. Upon exercise, New MAC may either (i) cash-settle the New MAC Warrants, or (ii) direct the holder to offset the exercise price against the outstanding principal amount of the facility. New MAC may elect to accelerate the exercise date for the New MAC Financing Warrants if New MAC Ordinary Shares are quoted on a recognized stock exchange as over (2) times the exercise price for twenty ) consecutive trading days. The obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreement are conditioned upon, among other things, customary closing conditions and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Mezz Facility and the Proposed Business Combination Agreement. Silver Purchase Agreement, Silver Stream Equity Subscription, Redemptions Backstop Facility On March 20, 2023, MAC-Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as a seller psa entity, the Company and New MAC following the Proposed Business Combination, as seller, entered into a silver purchase agreement (the Silver Stream with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Purchaser will advance to New MAC a upfront cash deposit (the Silver Deposit on account of future deliveries of refined silver by New MAC to the Purchaser referenced to silver production from the CSA Mine (as defined below). The amount of the Silver Deposit will be increased by an additional if the average silver market price quoted by the London Bullion Market Association (the LBMA is per ounce or more over the ten 10 business day period prior to the closing of the Silver Stream. The Silver Deposit represents a pre-payment of a portion of the purchase price for refined silver to be sold by New MAC to the Purchaser under the Silver Stream. The Silver Deposit will be used by New MAC to finance, in part, the Proposed Business Combination. The Silver Stream provides for the sale by New MAC to the Purchaser of an amount of refined silver equal to of payable silver (calculated as of produced silver) produced by the CSA Mine during the life of mine. The Purchaser will make ongoing cash payments for refined silver delivered equal to (the Silver Cash Price of the silver price quoted on the LBMA for one ounce of refined silver on the day prior to the date 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 of the issued share capital of New MAC. Except as otherwise described above and customary terms and conditions for stream transactions, the Silver Stream contains substantially similar representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions as the SFA governing the three senior credit facilities. The Silver Stream is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Business Combination. Silver Stream Equity Subscription Agreement Concurrently, on March 20, 2023, New MAC and the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Subscriber (the Silver Stream Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Subscriber has committed to purchase New MAC Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of per share and an aggregate price of . The subscription is conditional upon the completion of the Silver Stream, Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Proposed Business Combination. The Silver Stream Subscription Agreement provides for, among other things, the terms of the equity issue which are identical to the PIPE financing in connection with the Proposed Business Combination Redemptions Backstop Facility New MAC, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Redemptions Backstop Facility, consisting of a Copper Purchase Agreement (as defined below) with an upfront deposit of up to and up to a equity subscription (to be subscribed for on a pro-rata basis equal to the proportion of the deposit under the Copper Purchase Agreement that New MAC elects to draw on prior to the closing of the Proposed Business Combination (the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement (as defined below)). The deposit to be made available under the Redemptions Backstop Facility is drawable at New MAC s discretion in the event there is a shortfall of funds required for the Proposed Business Combination. The Redemptions Backstop Facility is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility, Silver Stream and the Proposed Business Combination. Copper Purchase Agreement On March 20, 2023, MAC-Sub, as a seller psa entity, the Company and New MAC, as sellers, entered into a copper purchase agreement (the Copper Stream with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Purchaser will make available to New MAC an upfront cash deposit of up to (the Available Copper Deposit on account of future deliveries of refined copper by New MAC to the Purchaser referenced to copper production from the CSA Mine. New MAC may draw on the Available Copper Deposit in whole or in part by providing notice to the Purchaser no less than ten 10 business days prior to the closing of the Business Combination, with the Purchaser paying to New MAC in cash the amount of the Available Copper Deposit New MAC elects to draw down (the Elected Deposit Percentage at the closing of the Business Combination (the Copper Deposit ). The Copper Deposit represents a pre-payment of a portion of the purchase price for refined copper to be sold by New MAC to the Purchaser under the Copper Stream. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 of produced copper) produced by the CSA Mine during the life of the mine. For the purposes of the Copper Stream, the Copper Stream Percentage shall mean during the following periods: 1 st Anniversary of the Closing Date to 5 th Anniversary 5 th Anniversary until metric tonnes of Refined Copper delivered to the Purchaser (the Threshold Quantity Thereafter from the date that the Threshold Quantity has been met The Threshold Quantity and Copper Stream Percentage will be adjusted on a pro rata basis in accordance with the Elected Deposit Percentage. In addition, under the Copper Stream, New MAC may elect to reduce the Copper Stream Percentage and the Threshold Quantity on the 5th anniversary of the closing date to the amounts and percentages set out in the Copper Stream upon making a one-time payment of or , respectively. The Purchaser will make ongoing cash payments for refined copper delivered equal to (the Copper Cash Price of the cash settlement price for one tonne of refined copper quoted by the LME on the date prior to the date of delivery (the Copper Market Price ). Until the Copper Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser shall credit the difference between the Copper Market Price and the Copper Cash Price against the outstanding Copper Deposit. After the Copper Deposit is reduced to nil, the Purchaser will pay only the Copper Cash Price for each tonne of refined copper. Except as otherwise described above and customary terms and conditions for stream transactions, the Copper Stream contains substantially similar representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions as the SFA governing the Senior Facilities. The Copper Stream is subject to the completion of the Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility, Silver Stream and the Proposed Business Combination. Copper Stream Equity Subscription Agreement Concurrently, on March 20, 2023, New MAC and the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Osisko Bermuda Limited (the Subscriber (the Copper Stream Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Subscriber has committed to purchase up to New MAC Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of per share and an aggregate price of up to . The number of shares purchased by the Subscriber shall be adjusted on a pro-rata basis proportional to the percentage of the Available Copper Deposit (as defined in the Copper Stream) drawn down by New MAC under the Copper Stream. The subscription is conditional upon the completion of the Copper Stream, Silver Stream, Senior Facilities, Mezz Facility and the Business Combination. The Copper Stream Subscription Agreement provides for, among other things, the terms of the equity issue which are identical to the PIPE financing in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. 
 F-30 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 mtal-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following descriptions of securities of Metals Acquisition Corp (the company, Metals, we or us is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the company s warrant agreement with Continental Shares Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the warrant agreement ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. We encourage you to read such documents for additional information. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital shares consist of 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. Units At our initial public offering, each unit had an offering price of 10.00, consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Ordinary Shares As of March 24, 2023, 33,143,475 of our ordinary shares were outstanding, including 26,514,780 Class A ordinary shares and 6,628,695 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors or the continuation of our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the 

 terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholder vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual or extraordinary general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination unless restricted by applicable NYSE rules. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. 

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 9,943,043, or 37.5 , of the 26,514,780 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). In the event that our anchor investors purchase such units and vote them in favor of our initial business combination, a smaller portion of affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. As a result of the founder shares and any units that our anchor investors may purchase, they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. Additionally, each public shareholder may appoint to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case of clause (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering). In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public 

 shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands; (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (iii) our sponsor directors and officers have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (x) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement warrants held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period), (iv) the founder shares are shares of our Class B ordinary shares that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) (i) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees are subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions 

 throughout this exhibit as the lock up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there should be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members of the company, a statement of the shares held by each member, which: distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); confirms the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member; confirms the number and category of shares held by each member; and confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the Articles, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. For these purposes, voting rights means rights conferred on shareholders, including the right to appoint or remove directors, in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of the company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. The shareholders recorded in the register of members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes 1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is 

 authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of our team. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we are not obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary shares underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a) (9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so appoint, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the public resale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky 

 laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. Redemptions of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities). We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below in the immediately following paragraph) except as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise during such 30 day period, we shall redeem such warrants for 0.10 per share; and if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity linked securities) on the trading day before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Share Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 > 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of July 28, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

 Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-divisions of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-divisions or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (b) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial 

 shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares (the Newly Issued Price )), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. Amending our warrant agreement to allow for our warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants and the private placement warrants, voting together as a single class. Otherwise, amending our warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders; provided that, solely in the case of an amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants that does not adversely affect any of the terms of the public warrants, such amendment will require only the written consent or vote of the registered holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Placement Warrants Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and they are not redeemable by us so long as they are held by affiliates of our sponsor or their permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the affiliates of our sponsor or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, other than in the instance of redeeming warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. The historical fair market value means the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the holders of warrants. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent 

 upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form a single surviving company. Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve and enter into a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to 

 pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides certain limited appraisal rights for dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourth in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

 we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a tender offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority); the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final 

 and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue negotiable shares or shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 
 Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Further, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a quorum at our general meetings will consist of one-third of the ordinary shares entitled to vote at such meeting and present in person or by proxy; provided that a quorum in connection with any meeting that is convened to vote on a business combination or any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity shall be a majority of the ordinary 

 shares entitled to vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorized representative or proxy. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own approximately 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a prospective partner business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such a business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view; if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; our initial business combination must occur with one or more prospective partner businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the fair market value held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business 

 combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and we will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing or property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection in the Cayman Islands Privacy Notice We have certain duties under the Data Protection Law, 2017 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

 Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use Your Personal Data The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: (i) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; (ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or (iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the US, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take 

 Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. If you consider that your personal data has not been handled correctly, or you are not satisfied with the company s responses to any requests you have made regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to complain to the Cayman Islands Ombudsman. The Ombudsman can be contacted by calling +1 (345) 946-6283 or by email at info@ombudsman.ky. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares and private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) have registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols MTAL.U, MTAL and MTAL WS, respectively. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business combination. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 mtal-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Metals Acquisition Corp Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction MAC AU 1 Pty Ltd Australia MAC AU 2 Pty Ltd Australia MAC AU 3 Pty Ltd Australia MAC AU 4 Pty Ltd Australia Metals Acquisition Corp Limited Australia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mtal-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael James McMullen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Metals Acquisition Corp; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Michael James McMullen Michael James McMullen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mtal-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Metals Acquisition Corp; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mtal-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Metals Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael James McMullen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

March 24, 2023 /s/ Michael James McMullen Michael James McMullen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Metals Acquisition Corp and will be retained by Metals Acquisition Corp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mtal-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Metals Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jaco Crouse, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

March 2 4 , 2023 /s/ Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Marthinus (Jaco) J. Crouse Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Metals Acquisition Corp and will be retained by Metals Acquisition Corp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mtal-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mtal-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mtal-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mtal-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

