<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1679363_0001679363-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11572649</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>517976</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4397409</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2687628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2030766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1800844</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001679363-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223091424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001679363-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Morphic Holding, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001679363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				473878772
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38940
		FILM NUMBER:		23656532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 GATEHOUSE DRIVE A2
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9787296480

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 GATEHOUSE DRIVE A2
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Morphic Holding, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160712

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001679363-23-000011.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 morf-20221231.htm
 10-K

morf-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13, OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value (approximate) of the registrant s common equity held by non-affiliates based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock for as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of February 21, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 2 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 2 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 76 
 Item 2. Properties 
 76 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 76 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 76 
 Part II 
 77 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 77 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 77 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 78 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 92 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 93 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 93 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 Part III 
 94 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 94 
 Part IV 
 95 
 Item 15. Exhibits 
 95 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 97 
 Signatures 
 98 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, market size, potential growth opportunities, nonclinical and clinical development activities, efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates, our ability to maintain and recognize the benefits of certain designations received by product candidates, the timing and results of nonclinical studies and clinical trials, collaboration with third parties, and the receipt and timing of potential regulatory designations, approvals and commercialization of product candidates, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, project, plan, expect and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in a competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. These risks, uncertainties, and unrealized assumptions may mean the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in or suggested by this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements were reasonable when made, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events, assumptions and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. You should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from our forward-looking statements. 
 Except where the context otherwise requires, as used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Morphic Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless otherwise noted. Morphic, Morphic Therapeutic, the Morphic logo, and all product names are our common law trademarks. This Annual Report contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company applying our proprietary insights into integrins to discover and develop a pipeline of potentially first-in-class oral small molecule integrin therapeutics. Integrins are a target class with multiple approved injectable blockbuster drugs for the treatment of serious chronic diseases, including autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. To date, no oral small molecule integrin therapies have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. Despite this, we believe our unique platform can unlock the potential to reliably generate high-quality oral molecules against specific integrin targets. The Morphic integrin technology platform, or MInT Platform, was created leveraging our unique understanding of integrin structure and function to develop novel product candidates designed to achieve the potency, high selectivity, and pharmaceutical properties required for oral administration. We are advancing our pipeline, including our lead product candidate, MORF-057, an 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor affecting inflammation, into clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD. We submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND, for MORF-057 in July 2020, and the FDA permitted the study submitted under the IND to proceed in August 2020. In September 2020, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of MORF-057 in healthy volunteers to establish our clinical program and select doses for our Phase 2 program in IBD with an initial focus on ulcerative colitis, or UC. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

The MORF-057 Phase 1 study included single ascending dose, or SAD, multiple ascending dose, or MAD, and food effect, or FE, cohorts evaluating MORF-057 safety, pharmacokinetics, or PK, and pharmacodynamics, or PD. Healthy subjects were randomized 3:1 to receive a single dose of MORF-057 at 25, 50, 100, 150 and 400 mg or matching placebo in the SAD cohorts; or twice daily, or BID, doses of 25, 50 and 100 mg MORF-057 or matching placebo for a total of 14 days in the MAD cohorts. A total of 67 eligible healthy subjects were enrolled into the studies, with 36 in the SAD, nine in the FE and 22 in the MAD cohorts. 66 subjects completed study treatment and one from the 50 mg BID MAD cohort withdrew consent for personal reasons. 
 MORF-057 was well tolerated in all cohorts and no safety signals were identified. MORF-057 demonstrated a favorable PK profile, where target engagement was confirmed, and a clear PK and PD relationship was established. MORF-057 was rapidly absorbed and systemic exposure was confirmed to increase approximately dose proportionally. A slight reduction in exposure without effect on trough concentrations was observed upon administration with a high fat meal in the food effect study. The results suggest food intake has no impact on trough MORF-057 levels and that MORF-057 can be administered without regard to food in planned studies in patients. 
 4 7 receptor occupancy (RO) increased with dose and study day, achieving saturation (>99 RO) in individual patients from all cohorts above 25 mg by day 14. In the 100 mg BID cohort, MORF-057 saturated the 4 7 receptor (mean RO >99 ). Dose-and time-dependent changes in biomarkers including specific 4 7 high expressing immune cell populations were observed, adding to evidence of proof of biology for MORF-057. These changes were consistent with those reported with other integrin inhibitors including the antibody drug vedolizumab which is approved for the treatment of IBD. 
 In an additional MORF-057 Phase 1 study, subjects were dosed up to 200 mg twice daily (BID) and those receiving MORF-057 at 100 BID or 200 mg BID demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation and statistically significant increases in circulating central memory, effector memory T lymphocyte and switched memory B lymphocyte populations compared with placebo. At the 25 mg and 50 mg BID exploratory doses, directionally increasing trends were also observed in key PD measures. All doses were well tolerated, no safety signals were identified, and a favorable PK profile was observed. In both single doses of 200 mg MORF-057 and 200 mg BID over the 14 days, MORF-057 demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation at C trough . Statistically significant changes in lymphocyte subset populations and CCR9 mRNA were observed, consistent with previous studies. 
 Based on the results from the Phase 1 studies, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial of MORF-057 in March 2022. EMERALD-1 (MORF-057-201), which is an open-label multi-center Phase 2a trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of MORF-057 in adults with moderate to severe UC, completed targeted enrollment in October 2022, with 30 patients enrolled in the study. Additionally, patients that were undergoing screening at the time the study completed targeted enrollment were enrolled in the study for a total of 35 patients enrolled in the main cohort. Enrollment of an exploratory cohort of up to ten patients who have previously failed treatment with vedolizumab is ongoing. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-1 study are being treated with 100 mg BID at sites in the United States and Poland. The primary endpoint of the trial is the change in Robarts Histopathology Index (RHI), a validated instrument that measures histological disease activity in ulcerative colitis at 12 weeks compared to baseline. Patients will then continue for an additional 40 weeks of maintenance therapy followed by a 52-week assessment. Secondary and additional outcome measures in the EMERALD-1 study include change in the modified Mayo clinic score, safety, PK parameters and key PD measures including 4 7 receptor occupancy and lymphocyte subset trafficking. We expect that primary endpoint data from the main cohort of the EMERALD-1 Phase 2a trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC will report in the second quarter of 2023. EMERALD-2 (MORF-057-202) which is a global Phase 2b randomized controlled trial of MORF-057 began dosing patients in November 2022. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-2 study are randomized to receive one of three active arms or a placebo arm: 100 mg BID, 200 mg BID, and a QD (once daily) arm, or a placebo arm which will cross over to MORF-057 after the 12-week induction phase. The primary endpoint of the trial is the clinical remission rate as measured by the modified Mayo score at 12 weeks. The secondary endpoints will include the change in RHI, PK and PD measures, as well as safety parameters. Following the 12-week induction phase, patients will move to a 40-week maintenance phase. We believe that we will achieve completion of the primary endpoint from the EMERALD-2 Phase 2b trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC in the first half of 2025. Given the progress achieved with MORF-057, we paused a second-generation development candidate at the pre-IND stage during 2022, focusing on the advancement of MORF-057 through Phase 2 clinical programs. We continue to expand our 4 7 portfolio and have positioned next-generation 4 7 small molecule development candidates for clinical studies in the future. 
 
 In June 2022 we reported that our collaboration with AbbVie Biotechnology, Ltd., or AbbVie, which was entered into in October 2018, or the AbbVie Agreement had been terminated for convenience. The subject of this collaboration was selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors we had developed for the treatment of fibrotic diseases including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, and additional indications under our collaboration with AbbVie. In August 2020, AbbVie exercised an option to license our v 6-specific integrin inhibitor program and made a one-time 20.0 million payment to us. AbbVie informed us that it did not intend to advance any of our selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors due to a suspected on-target v 6-mediated safety signal that has been observed in pre-clinical testing, the details of which were published in the Society for Toxicology journal in December 2022. The AbbVie Agreement terminated effective December 2022, and as a result we will not receive any additional payments thereunder. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

In February 2019, we entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Janssen, to develop novel integrin therapeutics, or the Janssen Agreement. In February 2021 Janssen paid us 5.0 million to commence work on a third research program to discover antibody activators against a specific integrin target. In December 2021, Janssen informed us that they had decided not to exercise the options on the first two integrin targets and focused efforts on the third integrin research program which includes the potential development of integrin antibody activators. The first two integrin targets were r eturned to us due to a lack of target validation in the specific disease of Janssen's interest. In January 2023, we received notice from Janssen that they had elected to terminate the agreement. The termination will be effective within 60 days of January 13, 2023, and as a result we do not expect to receive any additional payments under the Janssen Agreement except for potential nominal amounts related to research services completed in 2023 prior to termination. 
 Beyond our lead target, MORF-057, we are using our MInT Platform to advance a broad pipeline of preclinical programs across a variety of therapeutic areas, all of which aim to harness the potential of inhibition or activation of an integrin receptor. Additional wholly-owned programs have advanced near to or into the lead optimization phase of discovery. We presented positive preclinical data from our v 8 program at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in April 2021, demonstrating anti-tumor activity in checkpoint refractory cancer models and we are continuing our focus on advancing our v 8 program. We also have additional research stage programs ongoing against fibronectin integrin targets in pulmonary hypertensive diseases including pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and other therapeutic areas. Integrins are known to promote cell proliferation, survival, hypertrophic growth and fibrosis, which are key elements in the progression of PAH. 
 We were founded in 2014 by Dr. Timothy A. Springer of Harvard Medical School and Boston Children s Hospital, a world-renowned immunologist and biophysicist who discovered integrins. He established the importance of integrin conformations in modulating disease activity. Today, pursuant to an exclusive license from the Children s Medical Center Corporation, or the Springer Laboratory, our MInT platform is powered by these initial insights, together with our proprietary knowledge of integrin conformations, affinity regulation and dynamics. Together, this enables us to discover novel product candidates that bind and revert disease-specific integrin conformations to a non-disease physiologic state. 
 We have assembled an experienced management team, board of directors and scientific advisory board with specialized expertise in integrin therapies. They collectively bring extensive experience in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics, having worked at companies such as ArQule, Inc., Biogen Inc., Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Johnson Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Pharmacia Corporation, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited and Theravance Biopharma, Inc. 
 From inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised an aggregate of approximately 743.0 million in gross proceeds primarily through the issuance of equity, including our convertible preferred equity securities, our initial public offering, our underwritten public offering in March 2021, and sales of shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM, along with payments received under our collaboration agreements. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to use our MInT Platform to discover and develop potentially first-in-class oral small-molecule integrin therapeutics. We believe our platform has the potential to transform the treatment paradigm for patients suffering from a broad range of serious chronic diseases. The key tenets of our business strategy to achieve this goal include: 
 Establishing orally available integrin modulators as a new treatment for serious chronic diseases, including autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. We are leveraging our MInT Platform to create a new class of oral integrin targeted therapeutics to treat diseases where integrins are dysregulated and a potential benefit for oral therapies exists. We have prioritized our initial development efforts on diseases with established clinical endpoints and biomarkers, which we believe will enable us to more rapidly achieve clinical proof of concept. We are advancing our lead wholly-owned product candidate, MORF-057, an 4 7 specific integrin inhibitor, through clinical development for the treatment of IBD. 
 Leveraging our proprietary MInT Platform and knowledge base to grow our pipeline of novel integrin therapeutics. Our comprehensive MInT Platform, coupled with our development capabilities, have enabled us to build a pipeline of novel product candidates targeting chronic diseases caused by integrin dysregulation. We intend to expand our pipeline by unlocking the therapeutic potential of the four integrin subgroups to treat diseases with high unmet medical need and to potentially expand our current product candidates into new indications. 
 Continuing to drive innovation across our MInT Platform. We intend to extend our leading position in the field of integrin medicine by continuing to develop and incorporate platform innovations that can further broaden the potential therapeutic reach of our oral integrin programs. Our key focus areas include iteratively expanding the breadth of our structural knowledge in crystallography through technological investments, broadening our library of conformationally-specific integrin chemotypes and deepening our fundamental understanding of integrin disease biology. We believe that as we further expand our knowledge base, we will be able to iteratively grow our platform and deepen our understanding of additional integrin targets. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Independently commercializing our products, if approved, in indications and geographies where we believe we can realize maximum value. We plan to independently advance those product candidates that we believe have well-defined clinical and regulatory approval pathways, and that we believe we can commercialize successfully, if approved. We may also seek to form strategic collaborations around certain targets, product candidates or disease areas that we believe could benefit from the resources of either larger biopharmaceutical companies or those specialized in a particular area. 
 Our Focus Integrin Receptors 
 Integrins are the only receptors in the human body that use both intracellular and extracellular ligands to transmit signals both from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell and from the outside of the cell to the inside of the cell. Reciprocally, these states are regulated by tensile forces transmitted through integrins when they bind to extracellular ligands and the intracellular cytoskeleton. This bi-directional signaling ability allows integrins to affect virtually every aspect of cell and organ homeostasis. Consequently, the dysregulation of integrin signaling is associated with many human diseases including autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. 
 Integrin receptors are evolutionarily conserved. Integrins exist as paired combinations of 18 and eight subunits, and there are 24 known heterodimers. These pairings give integrins their unique abilities to recognize their ligands and modulate cellular function in specific ways. Integrins are subdivided into those on leukocytes, and those that recognize RGD-peptide, collagen and laminin ligands. They regulate numerous aspects of cell biology and physiology including leukocyte trafficking, activation of platelets and leukocytes, activation of growth factors such as TGF- , cell adhesion to the basement membrane and extracellular matrix, and retention or adhesion strengthening of cells within tissues. This diverse set of functions makes them actionable targets across a broad range of human diseases based on preclinical modeling or clinical establishment. The figure below summarizes the 24-member integrin family and areas of clinical relevance: 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Integrins as a Therapeutic Target Family 
 Integrins have long been recognized as drug targets. In the 1980s, the therapeutic interrogation of integrins focused on the RGD integrin, IIb 3. When IIb 3 on platelets is activated, it binds to fibrin, which bridges it to adjacent platelets and leads to clot formation. As the molecular details establishing the essential role of IIb 3 in platelet aggregation emerged, it became clear that inhibition of its ligand binding function would be antithrombotic. In 1994, abciximab (marketed as ReoPro became the first approved integrin therapy for patients undergoing percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, followed by the approval of tirofiban (marketed as Aggrastat and eptifibatide (marketed as Integrilin ). 
 The next stage of development of integrins as drug targets has focused on integrin receptors on leukocytes. These therapies modulate autoimmunity by inhibiting the ability of activated immune cells, including T-cells, to enter chronically inflamed tissues. Four approved integrin medicines belong to this category: 
 Efalizumab (formerly marketed as Raptiva and subsequently withdrawn from the market), an injectable antibody inhibitor of L 2, approved by the FDA in 2003 for the treatment of chronic moderate to severe psoriasis; 
 Natalizumab (marketed as Tysabri ), an infusible antibody inhibitor of 4 1, approved by the FDA in 2004 for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis and in 2008 for the treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn s disease; 
 Vedolizumab (marketed as Entyvio ), an infusible antibody inhibitor of 4 7, approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis or Crohn s disease; and 
 Lifitegrast (marketed as Xiidra ), a topical small-molecule inhibitor of L 2, approved by the FDA in 2016 for the treatment of dry eye disease. 
 According to Global Data, these autoimmune therapies were estimated to have achieved combined annual sales in their respective 2021 fiscal years of approximately 7.2 billion. 
 Development Challenges of Oral Integrin Modulators 
 The infusible, injectable or topical nature of these therapies has limited their utility. To address these limitations, pharmaceutical companies have invested significant resources in discovering and developing oral systemic integrin therapies. For IIb 3 alone, six different compounds (roxifiban, sibrafiban, orbofiban, xemilofiban, lefradafiban, lotrafiban) were advanced into registrational Phase 3 clinical trials. Disappointingly, the results of these trials showed these oral systemic inhibitors of IIb 3 increased vascular death in patients with acute coronary syndrome. After a decade to understand these failures, we now know that all failed oral inhibitors stabilized the active integrin conformation and promoted ligand signaling if they were not potent enough to maintain full active site binding. These drawbacks resulted in greater platelet aggregation and an increased rate of adverse events. 
 Additionally, the unexpected disease-activating activity of oral leukocyte integrin inhibitors was observed during a Phase 2 development of firategrast, an oral non-selective inhibitor of 4 1 and 4 7, where the symptoms in the patients with multiple sclerosis were exacerbated when firategrast was administered in non-saturating doses. This resulted in an increase in lesions and an increased rate of adverse events. The development of this compound was subsequently halted. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our Platform and Approach 
 We believe that our MInT Platform allows us to address and overcome the challenges faced by developers of first-generation oral integrin-targeted therapeutics. 

Integrin Model 
 
 We believe that our discovery platform enables us to be the only company working across the entire 24-member integrin target family. Our MInT Platform consists of these unique capabilities: 
 Proprietary ability to determine integrin structures. Using our protein constructs, cell lines and know-how, we have elucidated over 500 proprietary structures for clinically important targets across the integrin class. 
 A computationally enabled product candidate design engine. We have built a library of over 16,500 optimized compounds using sophisticated medicinal and computational chemistry capabilities and biological assays for each integrin that allows us to tune highly potent and selective integrin inhibitors and activators into product candidates for preclinical and clinical development. Our ability to generate product candidates from our tunable product engine is significantly accelerated by our exclusive computational collaboration with Schr dinger, which uses advanced physics-based modeling and machine learning to create superior oral drug candidates. We have recently expanded our access as a special Schr dinger software customer enabling utilization of their software suite beyond the scope of integrins. 
 An emerging ability to discover activating and inhibiting antibody candidates, by leveraging our unique ability to express and isolate specific integrin conformational constructs. 
 Biology and disease translation capability. Our sophisticated and comprehensive suite of biologic tools includes a gene and protein expression atlas, a single-cell resolution profiling of human tissues from diseases of interest and development of biomarkers, which allow us to assess target engagement and pharmacodynamic activity in the disease of interest. 
 We initially focused on developing product candidates with a target class for areas of high unmet medical needs including: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

4 7 and 4 1, which are established targets for autoimmune diseases; their mechanism of action and the benefits and risks of their inhibition are well understood; and 
 certain v integrins that have a preclinically well-characterized mechanism of action through the activation of TGF- , a clinically important anti-inflammatory cytokine dysregulated in many human pathologies. 
 To date, we have only tested MORF-057, an 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor, in clinical studies, and we currently only have pre-clinical data regarding oral bioavailability of our other product candidates. 
 Our understanding of the mechanism of integrin receptor activity, modulated by complex conformations and signaling, is unique and allows us to discover both inhibitors and activators across the integrin receptor target family. Our capability has been validated by our advancement of 4 7, v 8 and other integrin programs. Our MInT Platform consists of three major components: 
 Proprietary ability to determine integrin structures; 
 Tunable product candidate design engine; and 
 Biology and disease translation capability. 
 Leveraging our deep understanding of integrin conformation and molecular modes of action is a key element of our strategy to identify product candidates. These receptors undergo large conformational changes as shown in Figure 1, resulting in both inactive (bent-closed and extended-closed) and activated states of the receptor (extended-open). In the bent-closed form, the top portion of the integrin, formed by both and subunits, folds in half so that the top and lower half associate with each other (Figure 1 left) rendering the integrin inactive. For the integrin to be active, the extended-close state (Figure 1 middle) extends at the and mid-leg on the cell surface to render an extended open state (Figure 1 right). As shown with multiple integrins, the bent-closed and extended-closed conformations have low affinities for ligand, while depending on the integrin, the extended-open conformation is 700 to 5,000-fold higher in affinity for ligand. These changes in integrin conformation and affinity function to transmit bi-directional signals, enabling communication of the cell expressing the integrin on its surface and the extracellular matrix or ligands on other cells. 
 
 Figure 1: Integrin dynamic conformational states. Left bent-closed inactive form of the integrin heterodimer pair, Middle extended-closed inactive, and Right extended-open active. 
 
 Our novel MInT Platform is rooted in our structural biology capability based on deep insights into control of complex integrin conformational states. Dr. Springer characterized an initial set of small molecules to lock specific integrin conformations and we have used and advanced this knowledge to optimize the pharmacology of our oral integrins. We design our compounds to recognize integrin conformational states that are physiologic dysregulated in disease. Binding of our compounds to integrins promotes the integrin to adopt a structure that is characteristic of healthy tissue and stops disease-specific integrin signaling. We believe past attempts to develop small molecules targeting integrins have in part failed due to a lack of sufficient understanding 
 8 

Table of Contents 

of these conformational changes and their impact on disease. We believe our MInT Platform has positioned us to apply our deep understanding of the biologic underpinnings of diseases linked to integrin dysfunction to develop a pipeline of novel integrin therapeutics. 
 The Morphic Integrin Technology (MInT) Platform 
 Given that the integrin target family consists of structurally and functionally related proteins, each cycle of the MInT Platform yields chemistry assets and biological data in our programs of interest while in parallel furthering our understanding of the structure and function of new integrin complexes. We believe this results in a rapid strategic compounding of knowledge and assets with each turn of the MInT design cycle. Our 4 7 program produced its first development candidate over three years after program initiation. Our v 6 program took only two years to achieve the same goal, which we believe was due in part to insights we had gained on chemical features that optimized oral bioavailability, clearance and metabolic stability. Our v 8 program has advanced even faster to development candidate profile compounds. The chemotypes and initial medicinal chemistry hits we discover become tools and compounds that can further our knowledge base around each individual integrin, which also extends to related integrins. For example, discovery efforts in v 6 led to highly selective v 8 advanced leads and starting points for additional targets, directly enabling new wholly-owned programs and supporting collaboration efforts. 
 
 As shown in the graphic below, the iterative MInT design cycle consists of nine steps based on the three pillars of our MInT Platform: our proprietary ability to determine integrin structures, our tunable product candidate design engine, and our biology and disease translation capability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Proprietary ability to determine integrin structures 
 We believe that an understanding of protein crystal structures enables more effective product candidate design. Integrins are difficult to characterize structurally because they are composed of many flexible domains and interdomain linkers (see Figure 1). Our unique position of integrin structural knowledge and cell lines, and access to crystal structures for half of the integrin targets, proprietary protein reagents and knowhow has allowed us to elucidate over 500 proprietary structures for clinically important targets. Our novel approach is based on combining our deep understanding of structural biology and how integrin protein conformation regulates function in disease. An example of this is in our 4 7 program where the crystal structure of the drug binding site enables the design of novel ligands that bind at the interface of the and subunits (Figure 2). This critical information at the molecular level directs our research to unlock the potential of this family of receptors and develop small molecules for targeting specific conformations of the integrin receptors. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Figure 2: Left X-ray crystal structural of the top portion of the heterodimer or headpiece of the human 4 7 integrin receptor with the -subunit on the left and -subunit on the right. The drug binding site for this receptor is at the interface of the and subunits. Right Zoomed in view of the drug binding site showing the key interactions responsible for regulation of protein conformation in this integrin. Data for structural rendering from: Yu, Y., Zhu, J., Mi, L.Z., Walz, T., Sun, H., Chen, J.-F., Springer, T.A. (2012). Structural specializations of 4 7 an integrin that mediates rolling adhesion. J. Cell Biol. 196, 131-146. 
 
 Tunable product candidate design engine 
 Proprietary Chemistry: We have significant know-how in the development of molecules that stabilize specific integrin receptor conformations, which supports our novel approach to the identification of oral integrin inhibitors. Today, our small molecule chemical library, which continues to grow, contains over 16,500 uniquely designed integrin modulators (inhibitors and activators), and our drug design technology leverages our proprietary understanding of integrin target dynamics. When coupled with our deep understanding of the molecular mode of action of specific integrins, we believe we can design appropriate chemotypes for each integrin function. Further optimization of library compounds, combined with excellence in medicinal chemistry, enables the identification of potent, selective oral small molecule product candidates. 
 
 Exclusive Schr dinger Computational Chemistry Collaboration: We have a collaboration with Schr dinger, a leader in chemical simulation and in silico drug discovery, that is exclusive as to integrins. We believe this collaboration enables us to undertake accelerated drug discovery through design, iteration and optimization of leads using a variety of next-generation physics-based computational technologies. Our collaboration with Schr dinger enables us to design molecules with atomic precision utilizing advanced structure-guided drug design technology. We have recently expanded our access as a special Schr dinger software customer enabling utilization of their software suite beyond the scope of integrins. 
 
 Our In Vitro Integrin Assay Panels: To identify novel inhibitors that stabilize disease-relevant receptor conformations, we have established a suite of robust in vitro assays that cover each of the integrin family members. These proprietary in-house screening assays enable biochemical and functional characterization of potency and selectivity within the integrin family, serving as powerful tools in different stages of the drug design process. 
 Biology and disease translation capability 
 The MInT Platform is built upon a deep understanding of integrin biology in human diseases, including integrin tissues and a cell expression atlas. We have built a sophisticated and comprehensive suite of in vitro, ex vivo, and disease-specific in vivo assays designed to evaluate the pharmacological effects of integrin modulation and to gain additional insights into their mechanism of action. The biological learnings from these assays have the potential to accelerate our work across multiple integrin discovery programs. We hope to strategically translate preclinical observations into our clinical development plans. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

These, along with our growing capabilities in pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling, have enabled our discovery of integrin inhibitors that have the potential to impact human diseases of autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. 
 
 Our Pipeline Programs 
 
 We have conducted an analysis of opportunities for integrin inhibition in human disease based on validating biology, safety, technology readiness and development feasibility. We have identified several actionable integrin targets across all four integrin families, and our initial focus is in high unmet medical need areas of autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. The following table summarizes key information about our current product candidates: 

Our Lead Product Candidates 
 MORF-057: Our 4 7-specific Integrin Inhibitor for Inflammatory Bowel Disease 
 We are advancing our lead 4 7 integrin inhibitor MORF-057 as a potential oral treatment for ulcerative colitis and Crohn s disease, two of the most common types of inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD. Current IBD medical management strategies focus on inducing and maintaining disease remission with corticosteroids, immunomodulators and injectable monoclonal antibody therapies. We believe our oral integrins have the potential, if approved, to offer a targeted, safe, efficacious, and more convenient method of treatment for patients suffering from IBD. 
 Background on Inflammatory Bowel Diseases 
 IBD comprises several autoimmune and immune-mediated conditions characterized by chronic inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract. In ulcerative colitis, inflammation is limited to the lining of the colon, whereas in Crohn s disease, inflammation can segmentally affect any part of the gastrointestinal tract and extend through the entire thickness of the bowel wall. Symptoms of these conditions include persistent diarrhea, abdominal pain, rectal bleeding, weight loss, and fatigue. Approved biologic medications for moderate-severe IBD have a primary induction non-response rate of up to 30 percent, and up to 45 percent of patients lose response over time; as such even newer agents may not adequately control tissue inflammation or symptoms for many of the sicker patients, and some will therefore develop complications that require surgical removal of the colon and rectum. According to the Crohn s and Colitis Foundation, there were approximately 1.7 million people living with IBD in the United States. 
 The mainstays of IBD therapy over many years have been oral and topical salicylates and glucocorticoids, immunosuppressive agents, and antibody therapies. Anti-integrin antibody therapy for IBD was first introduced with the approval of the 4 integrin inhibitor natalizumab for Crohn s disease, an indication approved following its initial approval for multiple sclerosis. Natalizumab therapy is associated with, and carries a black box warning for, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, or PML, related to its 4 1 inhibitory activity, which has limited its use in Crohn s disease. PML is a rare and often fatal viral disease characterized by progressive damage of the white matter of the brain at multiple locations. Vedolizumab, a monoclonal antibody inhibitor of the integrin 4 7, is approved for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis and Crohn s disease, and does not carry a black box warning. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Overview of Pathway and Target Biology 
 Integrin 4 7 binds to mucosal addressin cell adhesion molecule, or MAdCAM, which is expressed at a high level almost exclusively on the endothelial cells of the gut. Blockade of this interaction prevents immune cell entry into inflamed tissue in the gut and has been shown to be effective in treating IBD, as evidenced by the approval of vedolizumab. 
 Our Solution 
 We have generated oral small molecule integrin therapeutics targeting 4 7 intended to treat patients with ulcerative colitis and Crohn s disease. Our strategy is driven by our ability to discover oral therapies and our knowledge of how to minimize off target risk of inhibiting 4 1, which is implicated in PML. We believe this program represents an example of a target class with opportunities to differentiate from established therapies, utilizing our MInT Platform. We believe that safe and effective oral therapies have the potential to transform the lives of IBD patients in two distinct ways: (i) as an earlier line of therapy, and (ii) in combination with other agents in the IBD landscape. 
 Preclinical Data, Pharmacology and Biomarker Data 
 Using our proprietary MInT Platform, we have designed 4 7 small molecule-inhibitors, including MORF-057, that are potent and have high selectivity for 4 7 relative to other integrins, including 4 1 and E 7, as assessed by a suite of in vitro assays. Table 1 below shows measurements of the potency of MORF-057 as assessed in our cell adhesion assays, as compared to reference products vedolizumab, natalizumab and etrolizumab, as well as AJM300, a product candidate being developed by a third party. We determined all of these potencies in our laboratories. The cell adhesion assay evaluated the ability of 4 7 to bind to its ligand MAdCAM, 4 1 to its ligand VCAM, and E 7 to its ligand E-cadherin in vitro. These assays have been shown to be useful in discovering drug candidates for IBD. IC50 values are commonly accepted measurements of drug potency. 
 MORF-057 has been observed to be a highly potent 4 7 inhibitor with >3,000-fold selectivity in our cell adhesion assay- as compared to 4 1 and E 7. 
 
 4 7 IC 50 a 
 4 1 IC 50 a 
 Inhibitor RPMI8866 4 1 IC 50 a Jurkat 
 RPMI8866 E 7 IC 50 a 
 MAdCAM in 50 VCAM in 50 VCAM in 50 4 7 / 4 1 Fold 
 K562- E 7 E- 
 4 7 / E 7 Fold 
 serum serum serum selectivity Cadherin selectivity MORF-057 1.2 0.8 nM >50 M 4,290 670 nM >3,000 52 M >143,000 Vedolizumab 0.035 0.020 nM >180 nM >1,000 nM >3,000 ND -- Natalizumab 0.166 nM 1.8 nM 0.14 nM 1 - 12 ND -- AJM300 b 
 93 66 nM 4200 nM 779 261 nM 8 - 45 ND -- Etrolizumab 0.0185 nM ND >1,000 nM >10 6 
 1.2 nM 14 
 Table 1 
 RPMI8866, Jurkat and K562- E 7 transfected cell lines used for 4 7, 4 1 and E 7, respectively. 
 ND = Not Determined 
 DDW 2020, Morphic Therapeutic, Jamie Wong, ePoster Tul1283 
 
 The in vivo activity of our 4 7 inhibitor was also evaluated in a single dose acute pharmacodynamic model, where the impact of blocking the 4 7 integrin on the trafficking of T lymphocytes to the gut was assessed in mice. The procedure of the T lymphocyte homing uses fluorescently labelled TK1 cells, which expresses high level of 4 7 integrin on the surface and an n of 5 animals per group. Several of our compounds, including our development candidate MORF-057, have been evaluated in this assay to assess dose response (Figure 3). We observed a statistically significant response at all doses tested, and at the three highest doses tested, we observed our compound to be as potent as DATK32, a mouse surrogate of the 4 7 antibody vedolizumab. In Figure 3 below, the right panel shows dose-dependent inhibition of the carboxyflourescein succinimidyl ester, or CFSE, labeled T cells homing to mesenteric lymph nodes observed with our small molecule 4 7 inhibitor and DATK32, a mouse surrogate of vedolizumab in the assay. All treatment groups showed a statistically significant difference p Table of Contents 

Figure 3. The left panel on the left shows the mechanism of the 4 7expressing lymphocytes in IBD. The 4 7expressing lymphocytes traffic to the gut and adhere to MAdCAM, followed by extravasation and migration to the inflammation site. The panel on the right shows the results of the in vivo assay to detect activity of our product candidates as compared to a mouse surrogate of vedolizumab. 
 
 MORF-057 has also been shown to inhibit 4 7 CD4+ T cell trafficking to mucosal sites in a non-human primate model. In this model inhibition of the trafficking of cells to the intestine was monitored indirectly by observing their resulting increase in systemic circulation. Figure 4 below shows that MORF-057 dosed orally twice daily increases the level of T memory cells in circulation in a statistically significant manner. 
 
 Figure 4: Fold change in 4 7 high T memory cells following oral dosing of MORF-057 in non-human primate. Means and SD of data normalized per individual at timepoint 0h (first dose administration). T test analysis was performed at each timepoint. Statistical significance determined using the Holm-Sidak method, with alpha = 0.05. p Table of Contents 

Figure 5 left: Calculated percentage 4 7 and 4 1 occupancy at varying MORF-057 concentrations in blood isolated from healthy subjects and ulcerative colitis patients. Data are mean SD of 26 donors. Table 5 right: MORF-057 is a potent and selective inhibitor of 4 7 over 4 1 in human whole blood ex vivo in both normal healthy volunteers and UC patients. Values are the mean standard deviation. 
 Clinical Development Overview 
 Phase 1 
 In September 2020, we announced the initiation of a healthy volunteer Phase 1 clinical trial, with SAD, FE and MAD cohorts to evaluate the safety and PK profile of multiple doses of MORF-057. 
 In March 2021, we announced preliminary results from the Phase 1 SAD clinical trial of MORF-057 demonstrating that MORF-057 was well tolerated in all dose cohorts ranging from 25 mg to 400 mg, achieved greater than 95 mean receptor occupancy of 4 7 integrin at the three highest dose levels, and demonstrated the potential to saturate the 4 7 receptor with oral administration. 
 
 In July 2021, after completion of the MAD and food effect portions of the MORF-057 clinical program, we reported the full data set from the Phase 1 clinical trial at the European Crohn s and Colitis Organisation (ECCO) 2021 Virtual Congress. The full MORF-057 Phase 1 study included SAD, MAD and FE cohorts evaluating MORF-057 safety, PK, and PD. Healthy subjects were randomized 3:1 to receive a single dose of MORF-057 at 25, 50, 100, 150 and 400 mg or matching placebo in the SAD cohorts; or twice daily (BID) doses of 25, 50 and 100 mg MORF-057 or matching placebo for a total of 14 days in the MAD cohorts. A total of 67 eligible healthy subjects were enrolled into the studies, with 36 in the SAD, nine in the FE and 22 in the MAD cohorts. 66 subjects completed study treatment and one from the 50 mg BID MAD cohort withdrew consent for personal reasons. 
 MORF-057 was well tolerated in all cohorts and no safety signals were identified. MORF-057 demonstrated a favorable PK profile, where target engagement was confirmed, and a clear PK and PD relationship was established. MORF-057 was rapidly absorbed and systemic exposure was confirmed to increase approximately dose proportionally. The FE results suggest food intake has no impact on trough MORF-057 levels and that MORF-057 can be administered without regard to food in planned studies in patients. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Figure 6: Receptor Occupancy with dose and study day, achieving saturation (>99 in individuals in each cohort above 25 mg. 
 4 7 receptor occupancy increased with dose and study day, achieving saturation (>99 RO) (Figure 6) in individual patients from all cohorts above 25 mg by day 14. In the 100 mg BID cohort, MORF-057 saturated the 4 7 receptor (mean RO >99 at all measured timepoints. Dose-and time-dependent changes in biomarkers including specific 4 7 high expressing immune cell populations were observed, adding to evidence of proof of biology for MORF-057. These changes were consistent with those reported with other integrin inhibitors including the antibody drug vedolizumab which is approved for the treatment of IBD. 
 In the MORF-057 Phase 1 study, subjects receiving MORF-057 at 200 mg BID twice daily demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation and statistically significant increases in circulating central memory, effector memory T lymphocyte and switched memory B lymphocyte populations compared with placebo (Figure 7). At the 25 mg and 50 mg BID exploratory doses, directionally increasing trends were also observed in key pharmacodynamic measures. All doses were well tolerated, no safety signals were identified, and a favorable pharmacokinetic profile was observed. In both single doses of 200 mg MORF-057 and 200 mg BID over the 14 days, MORF-057 demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation at C trough . Statistically significant changes in lymphocyte subset populations and CCR9 mRNA were observed, consistent with previous studies. The full Phase 1 data set strongly supported the progression of MORF-057 into Phase 2 studies . 
 
 Figure 7: Lymphocyte subset populations were measured using multi-color flow cytometry. Subjects receiving MORF-057 at 100 mg BID and 200 mg BID demonstrated statistically significant increases in circulating lymphocyte subsets, consistent with mechanistic expectations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Phase 2 EMERALD Program in IBD 
 Based on the results from the Phase 1 studies, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial of MORF-057 in March 2022. EMERALD-1 (MORF-057-201), which is an open-label multi-center Phase 2a trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of MORF-057 in adults with moderate to severe UC, completed targeted enrollment in October 2022, with 30 patients enrolled in the study. Additionally, patients that were undergoing screening at the time the study completed targeted enrollment were enrolled in the study for a total of 35 patients enrolled in the main cohort. Enrollment of an exploratory cohort of up to ten patients who have previously failed treatment with vedolizumab is ongoing. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-1 study are being treated with 100 mg BID (twice daily) at sites in the United States and Poland. The primary endpoint of the trial is the change in Robarts Histopathology Index (RHI), a validated instrument that measures histological disease activity in ulcerative colitis at 12 weeks compared to baseline. Patients will then continue for an additional 40 weeks of maintenance therapy followed by a 52-week assessment. Secondary and additional outcome measures in the EMERALD-1 study include change in the modified Mayo clinic score, safety, PK parameters and key PD measures including 4 7 receptor occupancy and lymphocyte subset trafficking. We expect that primary endpoint data from the main cohort of the EMERALD-1 Phase 2a trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC will report in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Figure 8. EMERALD-1 Phase 2 trial design 
 
 EMERALD-2 (MORF-057-202) which is a global Phase 2b randomized controlled trial of MORF-057 began in November 2022. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-2 study will be randomized to receive one of three active arms or a placebo arm: 100 mg BID (twice daily), 200 mg BID, and a QD (once daily) arm, or a placebo arm which will cross over to MORF-057 after the 12-week induction phase. The primary endpoint of the trial is the clinical remission rate as measured by the modified Mayo score at 12 weeks. The secondary endpoints will include the change in RHI, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic measures, as well as safety parameters. Following the 12-week induction phase, patients will move to a 40-week maintenance phase. We believe that we will achieve completion of the primary endpoint from the EMERALD-2 Phase 2b trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC in the first half of 2025. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

FIGURE 9. EMREALD-2 Phase 2b trial design 
 
 Based on the progress achieved with MORF-057, we paused a second-generation 4 7 development candidate in the pre-IND stage during 2022, to focus on the advancement of MORF-057 through Phase 2 clinical programs. However, we continue to expand our 4 7 portfolio and have positioned next-generation 4 7 small molecule development candidates for clinical studies in the future. 
 
 Additional Preclinical and Discovery Efforts 
 Next-generation 4 7 Integrin inhibitors for GI Diseases 
 Based on the well-understood biology of 4 7 inhibition and our progress with the MORF-057 program, Morphic has discovered and is advancing a family of next-generation 4 7 inhibitors through pre-clinical development with an initial therapeutic focus on potential development in GI indications beyond IBD, including eosinophilic gastrointestinal disorders (EGIDs), pouchitis and other indications. 
 v 8 Integrin inhibitor program for myelofibrosis and immuno-oncology 
 We have advanced our v 8 integrin inhibitor through preclinical development for the treatment of myelofibrosis and solid tumors. Based on the development path and commercial tractability of myelofibrosis, we have prioritized our v 8 inhibitor program in myelofibrosis over our immune-oncology program in solid tumors as we await clinical and competitive landscape developments from external v 8-targeted programs in immune-oncology. 
 Integrin v 8 mediates cell type specific and tissue localized activation of TGF- 1/3 which is a regulator in the myelofibrotic pathway. This program is in preclinical development. 
 Myelofibrosis (MF) is a subtype of myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN), a group of hematologic malignancies manifested with the overproduction of blood cells (erythrocytes, leukocytes, or platelets). Three MPN subtypes have been identified: polycythemia vera (PV), essential thrombocythemia (ET), and primary myelofibrosis (PMF). PV or ET can progress into myelofibrosis (post-PV MF and post-ET MF, respectively). Constitutive activation of JAK-STAT signaling plays a central role in the pathogenesis of MF. Progression from the early stage MPN to MF is associated with the accumulative expansion of aberrant hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs), carrying somatic mutations acquired decades before disease manifestation. Phenotypic mutations in the JAK2, CALR, and MPL genes are associated with most cases of MF. MF is characterized by cytopenias, burdensome symptoms, splenomegaly, progressive bone marrow (BM) fibrosis, and extramedullary hematopoiesis as a response to profibrotic changes and cytokine abnormalities in the BM niche. The overall survival (OS) is poor, typically between 5-7 years on average. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The rationale for V 8 inhibition in MF is based on its role in TGF activation. Inhibition blocks v 8 -mediated TGF- 1 and TGF- 3 activation, to enable tissue-specific and localized inhibition of TGF- signaling. TGF- likely plays a critical role in the pathogenesis of myeloproliferative neoplasms and myelofibrosis (MF) progression. It s upregulated in MF patients, promoting collagen deposition and bone marrow fibrosis, hallmarks of MF. It is reported to have a direct effect on megakaryopoiesis, inhibiting megakaryocyte maturation and platelet production. Additionally, it promotes dormancy of normal but not MF hematopoietic stem cells. Inhibiting the TGF- signaling pathway in MF is expected to decrease the fibrogenic stimuli leading to MF and concomitantly restore megakaryocyte maturation and normal hematopoiesis by increasing the number of wild-type but not mutated progenitor cells. V 8 antagonism provides the benefit of isoform-selective TGF- 1 and 3 inhibition to avoid global inhibition of TGF- signaling and prevent adverse toxicities, including cardiovascular, and pro-neoplastic. V 8 is expressed on cell types related to MF pathogenesis, being a key mediator of TGF- activation in the bone marrow. Thus, the V 8 inhibitor allows for local and cell-type-specific suppression of TGF- signaling, within the pathogenic niche. The only approved therapies are JAK inhibitors that do not report any improvement in fibrosis, erythrocytes, and platelets. 
 TGF- is also a key regulator of inflammation and immunity that plays a crucial role in tumor formation, progression, and metastasis. In the tumor microenvironment (TME) TGF- is upregulated, allowing cancer cells to escape immune surveillance, impeding the immune system from mounting an anticancer response. TGF- overexpression is linked to poor clinical outcomes and checkpoint resistance. In agreement, TGF- inhibition was shown to enhance the efficacy of immune-checkpoint inhibitors by facilitating T cell anti-tumor immunity in animal models. Currently, multiple clinical trials by others that combine checkpoint inhibitor blockade and TGF- inhibition are ongoing against various solid tumors. However, TGF- plays important homeostatic roles across tissues and broad inhibitors of the pathway have encountered safety issues in the clinic. 
 v 8 has a well-described function in maintaining gut immune-homeostasis. v 8 integrin on dendritic cells (DC) and other immune cells activates TGF- , induces tolerance and facilitates the generation of intestinal regulatory T cells (Treg). v 8 on Tregs is crucial for Treg-mediated suppression of inflammatory T cells. Moreover, v 8 regulates monocyte inflammatory responses and intestinal macrophage homeostasis. Overall, acting across different immune cell types, v 8 is crucial for the negative regulation of adaptive immunity, and promotion of immune homeostasis. 
 Based on described biology, v 8 has the potential to systemically regulate tolerance, including tumor immune tolerance. The target is expressed in solid tumor and tumor stroma cells, including both immune and non-immune cells. The integrin modulator is expected to have several mechanisms of action, including inhibition of tumor intrinsic and extrinsic TGF- resulting in increased tumor infiltrating lymphocytes by effects including suppression of Treg, stimulation of antigen presentation by DC and reduced activity of cancer associated fibroblasts. For this program, chemical matter has advanced thanks to synergistic structure activity relationship, or SAR, screening with other integrin modulator programs. The crystal structure of the target integrin was elucidated for the first time in the field using our MInT Platform. Several of our compounds have been co-crystalized to fuel our understanding of the features driving compound selectivity and potency. Target validation and translational biology efforts are underway using small-molecule inhibitors. 
 Efficacy has been established in a number of syngeneic murine tumor models. For example, in an immune-excluded model of breast cancer (EMT6), a Morphic small molecule inhibitor reversed insensitivity to immune checkpoint blockade (ICB; Figure 10). Significant improvements in tumor burden and survival were accompanied by increased T cell infiltrates and evidence for reduced tumor tolerance. Inhibition of integrin v 8 in combination with low dose radiation induces antitumor effects in an advanced immune checkpoint blockade refractory tumor model (Figure 11). These results suggest that an orally administered v 8 targeted inhibitor has the potential to modulate anti-tumor immune response by acting across the immunologic synapse. 
 
 Figure 10: Efficacy in the EMT6 syngeneic murine model of breast cancer following dosing days 6 through 27 following tumor implantations. The panel on the left shows that the combination causes a greater reduction in tumor volume than vehicle or single agents. The panel on the right shows that animals treated with the combination survive longer than vehicle or single agents. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Figure 11: (1A) Effect of combination therapy with low dose radiation (small animal radiation research platform (SARRP) at 5 Gray (Gy) on the day of staging (day 10)), PD-1 mAb (10 mg/kg twice weekly for 2 weeks) and v 8mAb (7 mg/kg three times weekly for 3 weeks) measured by tumor burden. 5Gy+PD-1 and 5Gy+ v 8 has a minimal effect on tumor growth inhibition showing slight improvement relative to radiation alone (5Gy+IgG). Addition of v 8 antagonism (5Gy+ v 8+PD-1) improves anti-tumor responses leading to CR in 8 of 10 mice. (1B) Kaplan-Meier Curve presenting time to progression. 5Gy+IgG improved survival over monotherapy with either v 8 or PD-1 mAb. 5Gy+ v 8+PD-1 resulted in profound improvement of the survival over all other treatment conditions. 
 Integrin inhibitor program for pulmonary hypertensive diseases 
 Inhibition of fibronectin integrins has been shown in preclinical studies to drive multiple key independent processes in hypertensive diseases including reversal of pulmonary vasculature remodeling, prevention of right ventricular fibrosis and improvement of cardiomyocyte metabolic efficiency. 
 
 Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is a rare, progressive disorder characterized by pulmonary vascular remodeling, resulting in high pulmonary artery pressure and progressive right ventricular (RV) dysfunction. Current treatments, which target the prostacyclin, endothelin-1, or nitric oxide pathways, slow disease progression. However, the 5-year survival rate of approximately 60 highlights the need for therapies targeting alternative pulmonary vascular remodeling pathways. It is now recognized that, like cancer cells, pulmonary artery (PA) smooth muscle cells (PASMCs) exhibit exaggerated proliferation and resistance to apoptosis in response to increased PA stiffness caused by extracellular matrix (ECM) remodeling. Integrins are known to promote cell proliferation, survival, hypertrophic growth and fibrosis, which are key elements in the progression of PAH, thus integrin expression and their effects on PA remodeling and RV failure was examined (Bonnet et. al. presented at AHA 2021 , Circulation. 2021; 144:A10717). 
 
 Expression of fibronectin binding integrins is significantly increased in distal pulmonary arteries, pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells and the right ventricle from PAH patients. In addition, increased expression was found in monocrotaline (MCT) and pulmonary artery banding (PAB) rats. Pharmacological inhibition of fibronectin binding integrin in vitro decreased PAH pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells proliferation and resistance to apoptosis which were associated with a decreased activation of integrin downstream signaling pathways. In cardiomyocytes and human right ventricular fibroblasts, inhibition of these integrins decreased hypertrophy and right ventricular fibroblasts activation and proliferation. Inhibition of fibronectin binding integrins improved vascular remodeling and right ventricular function in vivo as assessed by echocardiography and right heart catheterization in MCT rats with established PAH. Broad-spectrum integrin inhibition resulted in improvements in vascular remodeling and RV failure, suggesting that integrins play an important role in the pathophysiology of PAH (Figure 12). This understanding of fibronectin binding integrins is guiding Morphic in the identification of which integrins are important in PAH pathophysiology and translating those results into approaches for clinical development. 

Figure 12: Pharmacological inhibition of fibronectin binding integrins with a broad-spectrum integrin small molecule inhibitor (SMi) with and without standard of care (SOC) reverses PAH in MCT-rat model with established PAH. The use of combination SOC and SMi preserves RV function. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Additional new integrin programs 
 Our strategy has enabled the identification of small molecules of multiple integrin targets that allow in-depth interrogations of these mechanisms. We are pursuing additional integrin modulator programs for fibrosis-related indications such as NASH, fibrostenosis, biliary fibrosis, and pulmonary arterial hypertension. Due to the role of integrins in TGF- activation, mechano-transduction, cell migration and cell proliferation, integrins may trigger different pathways to initiate or exacerbate fibrosis under various pathophysiologic states and their inhibitors may be distinctly well suited for treatment in the context of different organ systems. These programs are at different discovery stages, with at least one of them expected to transition to lead optimization over the next twelve to eighteen months. 
 License Agreements 
 AbbVie Agreement 
 In October 2018, we entered into a research and development collaboration with AbbVie designed to advance a number of our oral integrin therapeutics, including our v 6 specific integrin program, for fibrosis-related indications. 
 
 AbbVie subsequently informed us that they did not intend to advance any of our selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors due to a suspected on-target/ v 6 -mediated safety signal that was observed in pre-clinical testing, the details of which were published in the Society for Toxicology journal in December 2022. In June 2022, AbbVie informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement for convenience, which termination became effective in December 2022, and as a result we will not receive any additional payments under the AbbVie Agreement. 
 Janssen Agreement 
 In February 2019, we entered into an agreement with Janssen, to discover and develop novel integrin therapeutics for patients with conditions not adequately addressed by current therapies. The Janssen collaboration focused on three integrin targets, each target the subject of a research program, with the ability to substitute up to two integrin targets not explored by us. 
 In January 2023, Janssen informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the Janssen Agreement for convenience, subject to a 60 day notification period. The Janssen Agreement will terminate effective March 2023 or earlier if agreed to by us and Janssen. 
 Schr dinger Agreement 
 In June 2015, we entered into a collaboration agreement (as amended) with Schr dinger, or Schr dinger Agreement, to explore drug targets selected by us. Under the collaboration, Schr dinger will use its technology platform to perform virtual screens, and we and Schr dinger will collaborate to facilitate prioritization of targets, perform target validation and analysis, identify leads and perform lead optimization. Under the terms of the agreement, Schr dinger will exclusively work with us on integrin targets during the term of the agreement. In consideration for its performance of activities under the collaboration, Schr dinger received approximately 3.4 million units of Series Seed preferred units. In addition, with respect to compounds identified as part of the collaboration, Schr dinger may be eligible to receive certain payments from us related to development milestones, not to exceed in the aggregate 3.1 million, on a target-by-target basis, a low six-figure payment upon initiation of lead optimization and on a compound-by-compound basis, as well as royalties in the low single digits on sales of products containing such compounds. In addition, we have agreed to pay Schr dinger a percentage, in the mid-single digits, of certain payments we receive from third parties in connection with the licensing or transfer of the rights to exploit such compounds to such third parties, and a one-time fee of 1.0 million paid in 2019. Schr dinger may terminate the Schr dinger Agreement under certain circumstances, including if a certain number of developmental milestones have not been achieved by us within a certain timeframe. 
 In December 2022, we expanded our access as a special Schr dinger software customer enabling utilization of their software suite beyond the scope of integrins. 
 Children s Medical Center Corporation Agreement 
 In October 2015, we entered into an exclusive license agreement (as amended) with CMCC, or CMCC Agreement, relating to technology on inhibiting integrins developed by Dr. Springer during his employment at Boston Children s Hospital, an affiliate of CMCC. Under this agreement, we have an exclusive license under certain patent rights, and a non-exclusive license under certain know-how, owned by CMCC to develop and commercialize products worldwide for any therapeutic or diagnostic use in 
 21 

Table of Contents 

humans and veterinary applications. We also have the option to add new patent rights and know-how generated by the laboratory of Dr. Springer within a specified time after the effective date of the CMCC Agreement to that agreement for additional payments consistent with fair market value. In consideration of the license grants, upon execution of the CMCC Agreement we issued CMCC a number of shares of common stock representing 6 of the then issued and outstanding units on a fully diluted basis. We also paid CMCC an upfront license issue fee of 50,000, and reimbursed CMCC for certain patent prosecution costs. We have also agreed to pay CMCC a license maintenance fee for the first three years after the effective date of the CMCC Agreement, certain development milestones, a percentage of sublicensing income we may receive, and running royalties in the low single digits on net sales of licensed products. 
 Under the CMCC Agreement, we have agreed to use commercially reasonably efforts to bring one or more licensed products to market, and to implement activities in a development plan within the timeframes set forth therein. In addition, if we fail to meet one or more specific developmental milestones, and do not take appropriate corrective action, then CMCC shall have the right to terminate the agreement. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect (i) our intellectual property related to our product candidates and related methods, and (ii) our MInT Platform for generating integrin structures and modulators of those structures. Our success also depends on having the freedom to operate to enable commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, and preventing others from infringing our patent rights. We protect our MInT Platform using trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and, on rare occasion, patents. We protect our small molecule products using patents, and our policy is to seek product patent protection in key jurisdictions, including the United States, major European countries, and other jurisdictions we deem appropriate or as required by our collaboration agreements. 
 We file patent applications with respect to claims to compositions comprising our small-molecule inhibitors that modulate integrin activity, the compounds themselves, the use of such compounds to treat disease, as well as related manufacturing methods. 
 Patent Rights 
 We have exclusively licensed issued U.S. patents and pending U.S. patent applications from CMCC with claims relating to modified integrin polypeptides and modified integrin polypeptide dimers. The licensed U.S. patents and any other U.S. patents that may issue from the pending U.S. patent applications are expected to expire in 2035, absent any adjustments or extensions. In addition, we rely extensively on trade secret protection for our MInT Platform, which extends beyond the initial integrin technology licensed from CMCC. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we solely owned various issued patents and pending patent applications with respect to compositions of matter and methods of use for treating therapeutic indications related to the 4 7 integrins in the United States and many other major jurisdictions worldwide, including Europe, Japan and China. The expected expiration dates for the patents (or patent applications if granted) directed to our 4 7 program compounds are between 2039 and 2041 plus any extensions or adjustments of term available under national law. 
 Intellectual Property Protection 
 We cannot predict whether the patent applications we pursue will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide any proprietary protection from competitors. Further, any issued patents may expire before the expected expiration dates disclosed above due to actions taken during patent prosecution, such as submission of a disclaimer surrendering the term of a patent beyond a certain date. Even if our pending patent applications are granted as issued patents, those patents, as well as any patents we license from third parties, may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. While there are currently no contested proceedings or third-party claims relating to any of the patent applications described above, we cannot provide any assurances that we will not have such proceedings or third-party claims at a later date or once any patent is granted. 
 The term of a patent depends upon the legal term of patents in the particular country in which it is obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, the term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may be eligible for patent term extension, which permits in some cases restoration of patent term as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. In certain circumstances, the Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the unextended expiration date of the U.S. patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the approved drug is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Provisions are available in Europe 
 22 

Table of Contents 

and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug, or provide an additional period of protection for the approved pharmaceutical product following expiry of the patent. In the future, if our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek patent term extensions to any of our issued patents in any jurisdiction where these are available; however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in the United States and the national patent offices in Europe, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and, if granted, the length of such extensions. 
 In addition to our reliance on patent protection for our inventions, product candidates, and research programs, we also rely on trade secret protection for our confidential and proprietary information. For example, certain elements of our MInT Platform may be based on unpatented trade secrets that are not publicly disclosed. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques, or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual or entity during the course of the party s relationship with us is to be kept confidential, and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary technology by third parties. We have also adopted policies and conduct training that provides guidance on our expectations and practices to protect our trade secrets. 
 Manufacturing 
 Currently, all of our clinical manufacturing facilities for clinical drug manufacturing, storage, distribution or quality testing is outsourced to third-party manufacturers. As our development programs progress and we build new process efficiencies, we expect to continually evaluate this strategy with the objective of satisfying demand for registration trials and, if approved, the manufacture, sale and distribution of commercial products. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid evolution of technologies, fierce competition and strong defense of intellectual property. While we believe that our MInT Platform and our knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others. 
 Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with currently approved therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect our ability to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety and convenience of our products. 
 Despite significant biopharmaceutical industry investment, no oral integrin therapies have been approved in the United States or Europe. We are developing MORF-057, an oral small molecule 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor, for the treatment of IBD. Currently approved IBD therapies include Entyvio (vedolizumab), an injectable 4 7 monoclonal antibody marketed by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, as well as therapies with different mechanisms of action marketed by AbbVie, Johnson Johnson, UCB, Biogen Inc., Pfizer Inc., and Bristol-Myers Squibb, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies, against which our product candidate may compete, if approved. Further, we are aware of oral 4 7 therapies in clinical development for IBD by Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc., and EA Pharma Co. LTD, as well as therapies with different mechanisms of action in clinical development by AbbVie, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, and Bristol-Myers Squibb, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies. 
 Our v 8-specific small molecule integrin inhibitor program is under development for the treatment of myelofibrosis and solid tumors. Currently approved myelofibrosis therapies include the oral JAK inhibitors Jakafi (ruxolitinib), marketed by Incyte Corp and Novartis International AG, Inrebic (fedratinib), marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Vonjo (pacritinib), marketed by CTI Biopharma Corp. We are aware of myelofibrosis therapies in clinical development by GSK plc., MorphoSys AG, Incyte Corp, Geron Corporation, AbbVie, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. There are currently no approved v 8 inhibitors for any indication. We are aware of an anti- v 8 monoclonal antibody in clinical development for the treatment of solid tumors by Pfizer, Inc. In addition, we are aware of preclinical stage anti- v 8 monoclonal antibody programs for solid tumors from Venn Therapeutics and Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., and a small molecule program from Pliant Therapeutics. Furthermore, 
 23 

Table of Contents 

there are multiple antibody and small molecule therapeutics targeting the TGF- pathway for the treatment of solid tumors in development by Novartis International AG, AbbVie, Roche Holding AG, Merck Co., Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Scholar Rock, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies. 
 Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise than we do in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Additionally, our competitors may also include companies that are or will be developing therapies for the same therapeutic areas that we are targeting, including autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 FDA Approval Process 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FD C Act, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as clinical hold, FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Pharmaceutical product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the U.S. typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 
 Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with good clinical practice, or GCP, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional review board, or IRB, and ethics committee for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 trial may be sufficient in rare instances, including (1) where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when in conjunction with other confirmatory evidence. 
 The manufacturer of an investigational drug in a Phase 2 or 3 clinical trial for a serious or life-threatening disease is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently exceeding 3,200,000 for Fiscal Year 2023, and the manufacturer and/or sponsor under an approved NDA are also subject to annual program fees, currently exceeding 390,000 for each prescription product for Fiscal Year 2023. These fees are typically increased annually. Sponsors of applications for drugs granted Orphan Drug Designation are exempt from these user fees. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is filed, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs to encourage timeliness. Most applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within ten to twelve months of the date of submission of the NDA to the FDA; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed in six to eight months of the date of submission of the NDA to the FDA. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 
 The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an outside advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
 Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, The FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 
 Fast Track Designation and Accelerated Approval 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. If a submission is granted Fast Track Designation, the sponsor may engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, and the FDA may review sections of the NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. Additionally, Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 Under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments.The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence and, in most cases, the FDA may require that the trial be designed, initiated, and/or fully enrolled prior to approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or to confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the product from the market on an expedited basis. 
 The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act, or FDORA, was recently enacted, which included provisions related to the accelerated approval pathway. Pursuant to FDORA, the FDA is authorized to require a post-approval study to be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period following approval. FDORA also requires the FDA to specify conditions of any required post-approval study, which may include milestones such as a target date of study completion and requires sponsors to submit progress reports for required post-approval studies and any conditions required by the FDA not later than 180 days following approval and not less frequently than every 180 days thereafter until completion or termination of the study. FDORA enables the FDA to initiate enforcement action for the failure to conduct with due diligence a required post-approval study, including a failure to meet any required conditions specified by the FDA or to submit timely reports. 
 In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to priority review by the FDA. 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation 
 The FDA is also required to expedite the development and review of the application for approval of drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Orphan Drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant Orphan Drug Designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. Orphan Drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan Drug Designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular disease with FDA Orphan Drug Designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of Orphan Drug Designation are tax credits for certain research and an exemption from the NDA application user fee. 
 Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 
 Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. With certain exceptions, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, or BPCA, provides NDA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent or nonpatent for a drug if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new drug in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a written request for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, drug manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the Agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The Hatch-Waxman Act 
 Orange Book Listing 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, pre-clinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 
 The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carve out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 
 The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. 
 Exclusivity 
 Upon NDA approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by the FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA cannot receive any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a new indication to the package insert, can be the subject of a three-year period of exclusivity if the application contains reports of new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) conducted or sponsored by the sponsor that were essential to the approval of the application. The FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug that includes the change during the exclusivity period. 
 Patent Term Extension 
 After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase (the time between IND application and NDA submission) and all of the review phase (the time between NDA submission and approval) up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years, and only one patent can be extended. For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Other Healthcare Laws 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict certain general business and marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include anti-kickback statutes, false claims statutes and other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the ACA, amended the intent element of the federal statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to commit a violation. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. 
 Federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. This includes claims made to programs where the federal government reimburses, such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as programs where the federal government is a direct purchaser, such as when it purchases off the Federal Supply Schedule. Recently, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. Additionally, the ACA amended the federal Anti-Kickback Statute such that a violation of that statute can serve as a basis for liability under the federal civil False Claims Act. Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims Act, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 Other federal statutes pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse include the civil monetary penalties statute, which prohibits, among other things, the offer or payment of remuneration to a Medicaid or Medicare beneficiary that the offeror or payor knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order a receive a reimbursable item or service from a particular supplier, and the additional federal criminal statutes created by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises any money or property owned by or under the control of any healthcare benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, impose obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the storage, use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities of certain breaches of security of individually identifiable health information. HITECH increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and often are not pre-empted by HIPAA. 
 Further, pursuant to the ACA, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, has issued a final rule that requires manufacturers of prescription drugs to collect and report information on certain payments or transfers of value to physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists, certified nurse-midwives and teaching hospitals, as well as investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. The first reports were due in 2014 and must be submitted on an annual basis. The reported data is made available in searchable form on a public website on an annual basis. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

In addition, several states now require prescription drug companies to report certain expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products and to report gifts and payments to individual healthcare practitioners in these states. Other states prohibit various marketing-related activities, such as the provision of certain kinds of gifts or meals. Still other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes. Some states require the reporting of certain drug pricing information, including information pertaining to and justifying price increases, or prohibit prescription drug price gouging. In addition, certain states require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs and/or marketing codes. Certain states and local jurisdictions also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales and medical representatives. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties. 
 Efforts to ensure that business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations involve substantial costs. If a drug company s operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, it may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of its operations, loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA, exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or other federal or state government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, imprisonment, and reputational harm. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action for an alleged or suspected violation can cause a drug company to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business, even if such action is successfully defended. 
 U.S. Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States there have been, and continue to be, proposals by the federal government, state governments, regulators and third-party payors to control or manage the increased costs of health care and, more generally, to reform the U.S. healthcare system. The pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On September 9, 2021, the Biden administration published a wide-ranging list of policy proposals, most of which would need to be carried out by Congress, to reduce drug prices and drug payment. These proposals recently culminated in the enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, in August 2022, which will, among other things, allow HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D, although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for biologics) can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price. Beginning in January 2023 for Medicare Part B and October 2022 for Medicare Part D, the IRA will also penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part B and Part D drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for physician-administered drugs. In addition, this legislation provided authority for limiting the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. While the MMA only applies to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 Additionally, on May 30, 2018, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA authorization under an FDA expanded access program; however, manufacturers are not obligated to provide investigational new drug products under the current federal right to try law. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 102 full-time employees. Of these employees, 43 have an M.D. or a Ph.D. From time to time, we also retain independent contractors to support our organization. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 We are committed to creating and maintaining a workplace free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. Our management team and employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate behavior and are required to attend annual training to help prevent, identify, report and stop any type of discrimination and harassment. Our recruitment, hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement at our company is based on qualifications, performance, skills and experience without regard to gender, race and ethnicity. 
 Competitive Pay Benefits 
 We strive to provide pay, comprehensive benefits and services that help meet the varying needs of our employees. Our total rewards package includes competitive pay, comprehensive healthcare benefits package for employees; family medical leave and flexible work schedules. In addition, we offer every full-time employee, both exempt and non-exempt, the benefit of equity ownership in the company through stock option grants and our employee stock purchase plan. We sponsor a 401(k) plan and we match employee contributions up to a certain limit. 
 Employee Development Training 
 We focus on attracting, retaining, and cultivating talented individuals. We emphasize employee development and training by providing access to a wide range of online and instructor led development and continual learning programs. Employees are encouraged to attend scientific, clinical and technological meetings and conferences and have access to broad resources they need to be successful. 
 Safety 
 The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. We continue to monitor developments regarding health pandemics or other concerns, including COVID-19, and will implement any safety protocols that may become necessary in the future. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were formed under the laws of the State of Delaware in August 2014 under the name Integrin Rock, LLC. We subsequently changed our name to Morphic Rock Holding, LLC in October 2014 and then to Morphic Holding, LLC in June 2016. On December 5, 2018, we completed a series of transactions, or the Reorganization, pursuant to which Morphic Holding, LLC was converted in a tax-free reorganization into Morphic Holding, Inc. and three wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely Lazuli, Inc., Tourmaline, Inc, and Phyllite, Inc, were merged with and into another wholly-owned subsidiary, Morphic Therapeutic, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 35 Gatehouse Drive, A2, Waltham, MA 02451, and our telephone number is (781) 996-0955. Our website address is www.morphictx.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of each of our filings with the SEC can also be viewed and downloaded free of charge at our website, www.morphictx.com, after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making your decision to invest in shares of our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. These events could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The below summary risks provide an overview of many of the risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. As a result, the below summary risks do not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read the summary risks together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section under the heading Risk Factors, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including risks associated with: 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have a history of significant losses and expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of our product candidates, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 
 Our product candidates are in early stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially adversely affect their commercial viability. If we or our collaborators are unable to complete development of, or commercialize, our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 Our current and future clinical trials or those of any collaborators may reveal significant adverse events not seen in our preclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. 
 We have historically entered into collaborations and may, in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with third parties for the discovery and development of our therapeutic candidates. If our future collaborators cease development efforts under collaboration agreements, or if those agreements are terminated, the collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone payments or future royalties under the agreements. 
 We and/or our collaborators may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, unable to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Any inability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel would impair our ability to implement our business plan. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to control matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer, including companies developing novel treatments and technology platforms. If these companies develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

The exclusive forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Operations 
 We will need to grow our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations, which could adversely affect our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 102 f ull time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect to expand our employee base for managerial, operational, financial and other resources. In addition, we have limited experience in product development. As our product candidates enter and advance through preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will need to expand our development and regulatory capabilities and contract with other organizations to provide manufacturing and other capabilities for us. In the future, we expect to have to manage additional relationships with collaborators or partners, suppliers and other organizations. Our ability to manage our operations and future growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may not be able to implement improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. Our inability to successfully manage our growth and expand our operations could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Any inability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel would impair our ability to implement our business plan. 
 Our success largely depends on the continued service of Praveen P. Tipirneni, M.D., our chief executive officer, as well as other members of our management team, and other key employees and advisors. We currently do not maintain key person insurance on these individuals. The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key employees or advisors could delay our research and development programs and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The relationships that our key managers have cultivated within our industry make us particularly dependent upon their continued employment with us. We are dependent on the continued service of our technical personnel, and personnel involved with crystallization of integrins in particular, because of the highly technical nature of our product candidates and technologies related to our MInT Platform, and the specialized nature of the regulatory approval process. Because our management team and key employees are not obligated to provide us with continued service, they could terminate their employment with us at any time without penalty. 
 We conduct our operations at our facility in Waltham, Massachusetts. This region is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. We face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract and retain other highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, manufacturing, governmental regulation and commercialization. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate at and success with which we can discover and develop product candidates will be limited, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to operate in foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize and/or promote our product candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaboration with third parties. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates in a foreign market before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in that foreign market, and may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our product candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced, our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business will be adversely affected. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Our failure to obtain approval of any of our product candidates by regulatory authorities in another country may significantly diminish the commercial prospects of that product candidate and our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, even if we obtain approval of our product candidates and ultimately commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets, we would be subject to the risks and uncertainties, including the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements and reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries. 
 Our business entails a significant risk of product liability and our ability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 When we conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, we may be exposed to significant product liability risks inherent in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic treatments. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of our development programs. If we succeed in marketing products, such claims could result in an FDA investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs and potentially a recall of our products or more serious enforcement action, limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in increased difficulty enrolling participants in clinical trials, termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs, withdrawal of clinical trial participants, injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention, significant costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources from our business operations, substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients, loss of revenue, the inability to commercialize and products that we may develop, and a decline in our stock price. We currently maintain general liability insurance with coverage up to 10.0 million. We may, however, need to obtain higher levels of product liability insurance for later stages of clinical development or marketing any of our product candidates. Any insurance we have or may obtain may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with FDA regulations, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards we may establish, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under these laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with these laws are likely to increase. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA, exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or other government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, or reputational harm. 
 We depend on our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems, or those of our CROs or other contractors or consultants we may utilize, could harm our business. Security breaches, cyber-attacks, loss of data, and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We collect and maintain information in digital form that is necessary to conduct our business, and we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our 
 34 

Table of Contents 

business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal data. It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We have established physical, electronic and organizational measures to safeguard and secure our systems to prevent a data compromise, and rely on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for our information technology systems and the processing, transmission and storage of digital information. We have also outsourced elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result a number of third-party vendors may or could have access to our confidential information. Our internal information technology systems and infrastructure, and those of our current and any future collaborators, contractors and consultants and other third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from cyber incidents such as third parties getting access to employee accounts using stolen or inferred credentials, computer viruses, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, spamming, malware, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks. Our internal information technology systems and infrastructure is also vulnerable to damage from natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 The risk of a security breach or disruption or data loss, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. The occurrence of these and other more sophisticated or state-supported attack campaigns may increase as geopolitical tensions and intermittent warfare continue or escalate outside of the U.S., including, for example, due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. In addition, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property. The costs to us to mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service and other harm to our business and our competitive position. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Moreover, if a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information, our reputation could be materially damaged. In addition, such a breach may require notification to governmental agencies, the media or individuals pursuant to various federal and state privacy and security laws, if applicable, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and its implementing rules and regulations, as well as regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission and state breach notification laws. In addition, such cyber-attacks, data breaches or destruction or loss of data could result in violation of applicable international privacy, data protection and other laws, resulting in exposure to material civil and/or criminal liability. Further, our general liability insurance and corporate risk program may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed; and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, we may suffer reputational harm or face litigation or adverse regulatory action as a result of cyber-attacks or other data security breaches and may incur significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures. 
 If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be affected adversely. 
 Our research and development activities include the use of hazardous chemicals and materials, including radioactive materials. We maintain quantities of various flammable and toxic chemicals in our facilities in Waltham, Massachusetts that are required for our research and development activities. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous chemicals and materials. Although we believe that our procedures for storing, handling and disposing such materials in our facilities comply with the standards mandated by applicable regulations and guidelines, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of animals and biohazardous materials. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities resulting from our employees use of these materials, in connection with which we may incur significant 
 35 

Table of Contents 

costs and expenses. We also may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties if we violate, applicable laws and regulations related to health and human safety and the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous chemicals and materials. 
 Our current operations are concentrated in one location, and we or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by extreme weather events or other natural disasters, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Our current operations are concentrated in Waltham, Massachusetts. Any unplanned event, such as a flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, extreme weather condition such as a hurricane or heavy snowstorm, medical epidemic or pandemic, power shortage, telecommunication failure or other natural or manmade accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, particularly on a daily basis, and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to our facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers may result in increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidates or interruption of our business operations. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurs that prevents us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical industry in particular are unclear and may heighten or intensify the existing risk of natural disasters. As part of our risk management policy, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, we cannot assure you that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses we may experience. If our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, are unable to operate for any reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to complex tax rules relating to our business, and any audits, investigations or tax proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to income and non-income taxes in the United States. Income tax accounting often involves complex issues, and judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We may operate in other non-United States jurisdictions in the future. We could become subject to income and non-income taxes in non-United States jurisdictions as well. In addition, many jurisdictions have detailed transfer pricing rules, which require that all transactions with non-resident related parties be priced using arm s length pricing principles within the meaning of such rules. The application of withholding tax, goods and services tax, sales taxes and other non-income taxes is not always clear and we may be subject to tax audits relating to such withholding or non-income taxes. We believe that our tax positions are reasonable. We are currently not subject to any tax audits. However, the Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authorities may disagree with our positions. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other tax authorities were successful in challenging our positions, we may be liable for additional tax and penalties and interest related thereto or other taxes, as applicable, in excess of any reserves established therefor, which may have a significant impact on our results and operations and future cash flow. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of 180.3 million and 191.5 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2037. As of December 31, 2022, we also had available tax credit carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of 12.6 million and 5.7 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2032. To the extent that our taxable income exceeds any current year operating losses, we plan to use our carryforwards to offset income that would otherwise be taxable. However, utilization of carryforwards generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 is limited to a maximum of 80 of the taxable income for such year determined without regard to such carryforwards. In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), changes in our ownership may limit the amount of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards that could be utilized annually to offset our future taxable income, if any. This limitation would generally apply in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of our company of more than 50 within a three-year period. We have not performed an analysis to determine whether there has been an ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. Any such limitation may significantly reduce our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit 
 36 

Table of Contents 

carryforwards before they expire. Private placements, our IPO and other transactions that have occurred since our inception or that may occur in the future could result in such an ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Any such limitation, whether as the result of our IPO, prior private placements, sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders or additional sales of our common stock by us, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future years. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes at the state level, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders or us. We assess the impact of various tax reform proposals and modifications to existing tax treaties in all jurisdictions where we have operations to determine the potential effect on our business and any assumptions we have made about our future taxable income. We cannot predict whether any specific proposals will be enacted, the terms of any such proposals or what effect, if any, such proposals would have on our business if they were to be enacted. Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act Tax Act eliminates the currently available option to deduct research and development expenditures and requires taxpayers to amortize them generally over five years. The U.S. Congress is considering legislation that would restore the current deductibility of research and development expenditures, however, we have no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified . 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have a history of significant losses and expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. 
 Our lead product candidate, MORF-057, has completed a Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers. We have initiated a Phase 2 program for MORF-057, initially in ulcerative colitis. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from commercial product sales to date, and we will continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our clinical development and ongoing operations. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a net loss of 59.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 297.1 million. Substantially all of our losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of our product candidates. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 conduct clinical trials for our current and any future product candidates; 
 discover and develop new product candidates, and conduct research and development activities, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 manufacture, or have manufactured, preclinical, clinical and commercial supplies of our product candidates; 
 seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates or any future product candidates; 
 commercialize our current product candidates or any future product candidates, if approved; 
 attempt to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities, including establishing sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure; 
 hire additional clinical, scientific and management personnel; 
 add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including international operations; 
 identify additional compounds or product candidates and acquire rights from third parties to those compounds or product candidates through licenses; and 
 37 

Table of Contents 

experience any delays in our preclinical or clinical studies and regulatory approval for our product candidates due to the impacts of COVID-19 or supply chain disruptions (whether as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine, inflation, rising interest rates, the ongoing labor shortage or otherwise). 
 Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more product candidates, we may continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to become and remain profitable depends on our ability to generate revenue. We do not expect to generate significant revenue, unless and until we, either alone or with a collaborator, are able to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, our lead product candidate for our 4 7 program, or any other product candidates we may develop. Successful commercialization will require achievement of many key milestones, including demonstrating safety and efficacy in clinical trials, obtaining regulatory, including marketing, approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we, or any of our current or future collaborators, may obtain regulatory approval, satisfying any post-marketing requirements and obtaining reimbursement for our products from private insurance or government payors. Because of the uncertainties and risks associated with these activities, we are unable to accurately and precisely predict the timing and amount of any future revenue, the extent of any further losses or if or when we might achieve profitability. We and any current or future collaborators may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, or any collaborators do, we may never generate revenues that are large enough for us to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 Our failure to become and remain profitable may depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations. If we continue to suffer losses as we have in the past, investors may not receive any return on their investment and may lose their entire investment. 
 We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of our product candidates, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. 
 The development of biopharmaceutical product candidates is capital-intensive. If our product candidates enter and advance through preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will need substantial additional funds to expand or create our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities. We have used substantial funds to develop our technology and product candidates and will require significant funds to conduct further research and development and preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, to seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and to manufacture and market products, if any, which are approved for commercial sale. 
 Since our inception, we have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in research and development activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 348.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with the 100.0 million raised in our private issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in February 2023, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second half of 2026. However, our future capital requirements and the period for which we expect our existing resources to support our operations and future capital requirements, may vary significantly from what we expect and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. Because the length of time and activities associated with successful research and development of our product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any marketing and commercialization activities for approved products. Our future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the timing, cost and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 
 the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 
 the progress of the development efforts of parties with whom we have entered or may in the future enter into collaborations and/or research and development agreements; 
 the timing and amount of milestone and other payments we may receive or make under our collaboration agreements; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

our ability to maintain our current licenses and research and development programs and to establish new collaboration arrangements; 
 the costs involved in prosecuting and enforcing patent and other intellectual property claims; 
 the costs of manufacturing our product candidates by third parties; 
 the cost of regulatory submissions and timing of regulatory approvals; 
 the cost of commercialization activities if our product candidates or any future product candidates are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 
 our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our product candidates; and 
 our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems to satisfy our obligations as a public company. 
 Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by worsening global economic conditions and disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, increase in inflation, rising interest rates, the ongoing labor shortage, disruptions to global supply chains, and the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine and the global sanctions imposed in response thereto. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, reduce or terminate our research and development programs and preclinical studies or clinical trials, limit strategic opportunities or undergo reductions in our workforce or other corporate restructuring activities. To date, we have primarily financed our operations through payments received under our collaboration agreements, the sale of equity securities and debt financing. 
 We will be required to seek additional funding in the future and currently intend to do so through public or private equity offerings or debt financings, additional collaborations and/or licensing agreements, credit or loan facilities, or a combination of one or more of these funding sources. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, including pursuant to our currently effective registration statement on Form S-3, our stockholders will suffer dilution and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. 
 In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing stockholders. Our future debt financings, if any, are likely to involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities, and, in the event of insolvency, debt holders would be repaid before holders of our equity securities received any distribution of our corporate assets. If we raise additional funds through licensing or collaboration arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. We also could be required to seek collaborators for product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or relinquish our rights to product candidates or technologies that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. Failure to obtain capital when needed on acceptable terms may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development and commercialization of our current or future product candidates, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Discovery, Development and Commercialization 
 Our business is heavily dependent on the success of our current and future product candidates, including our lead product candidate for our 4 7 program. Existing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials of these product candidates may not be successful, and if we are unable to commercialize these product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our 4 7- specific integrin inhibitors program. Our ability to generate commercial product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our lead product candidate for our 4 7 program. We have not previously submitted a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA, or similar regulatory approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for any product candidate, and we cannot be certain that our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. Regulatory authorities also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or with labeling that includes 
 39 

Table of Contents 

warnings, contraindications or precautions with respect to conditions of use. Regulatory authorities may also require Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, or the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for patient subsets that we are targeting are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such products, if approved. 
 We plan to seek regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates both in the United States and in selected foreign countries. In order to obtain separate regulatory approvals in other countries, we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy. Other countries also have their own regulations governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, as well as pricing and distribution of our product candidates, and we may be required to expend significant resources to obtain regulatory approval, which may not be successful, and to comply with ongoing regulations in these jurisdictions. 
 The success of our current and future product candidates will depend on many factors, including the following actions to be taken by us or our collaborators, as applicable: 
 successful completion of necessary preclinical studies to enable the initiation of clinical trials; 
 successful enrollment of patients in, and the completion of, our clinical trials with favorable results; 
 receiving required regulatory authorizations for the development and approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 establishing and maintaining arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and non-patent exclusivity for our product candidates and their components; 
 enforcing and defending our intellectual property rights and claims; 
 achieving desirable therapeutic properties for our product candidates intended indications; 
 launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with third parties; 
 acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 
 effectively competing with other therapies; and 
 maintaining an acceptable safety profile of our product candidates through clinical trials and following regulatory approval. 
 If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. 
 Our product candidates are in early stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially adversely affect their commercial viability. If we or our collaborators are unable to complete development of, or commercialize, our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have no products on the market and all of our product candidates are in early stages of development. Additionally, we have a portfolio of targets and programs that are in earlier stages of discovery and preclinical development and may never advance to clinical-stage development. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approvals for, and successfully commercializing our product candidates, either alone or with third parties, and we cannot guarantee you that we will ever obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. We have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by the FDA. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of our product candidates, we or an existing or future collaborator must conduct extensive preclinical tests and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy in humans of our product candidates. 
 We may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to modify existing or enter into new collaborations for, a product candidate if we experience any issues that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, product candidates, including: 
 40 

Table of Contents 

preclinical study results may show the product candidate to be less effective than desired or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 
 preclinical studies conducted outside of the United States may be affected by tariffs or import/export restrictions imposed by the United States or other governments; 
 negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or abandon a program; 
 product-related side effects experienced by patients in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic biologics similar to our product candidates; 
 our third-party manufacturers inability to successfully manufacture our products; 
 inability of any third-party contract manufacturer to scale up manufacturing of our product candidates and those of our collaborators to supply the needs of clinical trials or commercial sales; 
 delays in submitting INDs or comparable foreign applications or delays or failures in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial, or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 
 conditions imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 
 delays in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 
 high drop-out rates of our clinical trial patients; 
 inadequate supply or quality of product candidate components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 inability to obtain alternative sources of supply for which we have a single source for product candidate components or materials; 
 harmful side effects or inability of our product candidates to meet efficacy endpoints during clinical trials; 
 failure to demonstrate a benefit-risk profile acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory agencies; 
 unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of one or more clinical trial sites or manufacturing facilities used in the testing and manufacture of any of our product candidates; 
 failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 
 delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our technology in particular; or 
 varying interpretations of our data by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies. 
 We or our collaborators inability to complete development of, or commercialize our product candidates, or significant delays in doing so due to one or more of these factors, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we do not achieve our projected development goals in the time frames we announce and expect, the commercialization of our products may be delayed and, as a result, our stock price may decline. 
 From time to time, we estimate the timing of the anticipated accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development goals, which we sometimes refer to as milestones. These milestones may include the commencement or completion of scientific studies and clinical trials and the submission of regulatory filings. From time to time, we may publicly announce the expected timing of some of these milestones. All of these milestones are and will be based on numerous assumptions. The actual timing of these milestones can vary dramatically compared to our estimates, in some cases for reasons beyond our control. If we do not meet these milestones as publicly announced, or at all, the commercialization of our products may be delayed or never achieved and, as a result, our stock price may decline. 
 Our approach to the discovery and development of our therapeutic treatments is based on novel technologies that are unproven and may not result in marketable products. 
 We are developing a pipeline of product candidates using our MInT Platform. Historically, dozens of integrin-targeted oral small molecule candidates of other companies that entered late-stage clinical trials have failed to result in FDA or EMA 
 41 

Table of Contents 

approved medicines. Development efforts and clinical results of other companies exploring oral approaches to integrins may be unsuccessful, resulting in a negative perception of oral integrins and negatively impacting the regulatory approval process of our product candidates, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business. We believe that product candidates identified with our MInT Platform may offer an optimized therapeutic approach by taking advantage of conformational targeting next-generation physics-based technologies augmented with machine learning and artificial intelligence, which allow us to design, iterate and optimize leads in our discovery process. However, the scientific research that forms the basis of our efforts to develop product candidates using our MInT Platform is ongoing and may not result in viable product candidates. 
 We may ultimately discover that our MInT Platform and any product candidates resulting therefrom do not possess certain properties required for therapeutic effectiveness, including the ability to lock specific integrin conformations. Our product candidates may also be unable to remain stable in the human body for the period of time required for the drug to reach the target tissue or they may trigger immune responses that inhibit the ability of the product candidate to reach the target tissue or that cause adverse side effects in humans. In addition, product candidates based on our MInT Platform may demonstrate different chemical and pharmacological properties in patients than they do in laboratory studies. Our MInT Platform and any product candidates resulting therefrom may not demonstrate the same chemical and pharmacological properties in humans and may interact with human biological systems in unforeseen, ineffective or harmful ways. For example, AbbVie informed us that it did not intend to advance any of its selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors due to a suspected on-target / v 6-mediated safety signal that was observed in pre-clinical testing, and subsequently exercised its right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement for convenience, which termination became effective in December 2022. 
 The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied product candidates. To our knowledge, no regulatory authority has granted approval for an oral small-molecule integrin inhibitor. We believe the FDA has limited experience with integrin-based therapeutics, which may increase the complexity, uncertainty and length of the regulatory approval process for our product candidates. We and our existing or future collaborators may never receive approval to market and commercialize any product candidate. Even if we or an existing or future collaborator obtains regulatory approval, the approval may be for targets, disease indications or patient populations that are not as broad as we intended or desired or may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. We or an existing or future collaborator may be required to perform additional or unanticipated clinical trials to obtain approval or be subject to post-marketing testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval. If the products resulting from our MInT Platform and research programs prove to be ineffective, unsafe or commercially unviable, our MInT Platform and pipeline would have little, if any, value, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Preclinical and clinical development involve a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our current product candidates or any future product candidates. 
 All of our product candidates are in preclinical or clinical development, and the risk of failure is high for all programs. It is impossible to predict accurately when or if any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and lengthy, complex and expensive clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective in humans. Clinical testing can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. We may be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. Differences in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or to unfavorable safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. There is typically a high rate of failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products and there can be no assurance that any of our future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support clinical development of our current or any of our future product candidates. 
 Commencement of clinical trials is subject to finalizing the trial design and submitting an IND or similar submission to the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authority. Even after we submit our IND or comparable submissions in other jurisdictions, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could disagree that we have satisfied their requirements to commence 
 42 

Table of Contents 

our clinical trials or disagree with our study design, which may require us to complete additional preclinical studies or amend our protocols or impose stricter conditions on the commencement of clinical trials. 
 We or our collaborators may experience delays in initiating or completing clinical trials. We or our collaborators also may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, current or future clinical trials that we could conduct that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our integrin inhibitor programs or any future product candidates, including: 
 regulators or institutional review boards, or IRBs, the FDA or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
 we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective CROs, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
 clinical trial sites may deviate from a trial s protocol or drop out of a trial; 
 clinical trials of any product candidates may fail to show safety or efficacy, produce negative or inconclusive results and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or we may decide to abandon product development programs; 
 the number of subjects required for clinical trials of any product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or subjects may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
 our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites or investigators; 
 we may elect to, or regulators, IRBs, or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators, suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants in our trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
 the cost of clinical trials of any of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 
 the quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be inadequate to initiate or complete a given clinical trial; 
 we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials; 
 reports from clinical testing of other therapies may raise safety or efficacy concerns about our product candidates; 
 we may fail to establish an appropriate safety profile for a product candidate based on clinical or preclinical data for such product candidate as well as data emerging from other molecules in the same class as our product candidate; and 
 the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities may require us to submit additional data such as long-term toxicology studies or impose other requirements before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial. 
 Patient enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors including the size and nature of the patient population, the number and location of clinical sites we enroll, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, the inability to obtain and maintain patient consents, the risk that enrolled participants will drop out before completion, competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs or therapeutic biologics that may be approved for the indications being investigated by us. Furthermore, we expect to rely on our collaborators, CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our current or future clinical trials, including the patient enrollment process, and we have limited influence over their performance. Additionally, we could encounter delays if treating physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in current or future clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, or the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities, or if a clinical trial is recommended for suspension or termination by the Data Safety Monitoring Board, or the DSMB, for such trial. A suspension or termination may be imposed due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product or treatment, failure to establish or achieve clinically meaningful trial 
 43 

Table of Contents 

endpoints, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Clinical studies may also be delayed or terminated as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Further, the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. 
 Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 Results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of results of later clinical trials. 
 The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in earlier development, and we could face similar setbacks. As is common for early trials, we may examine a number of efficacy measures without accounting for multiplicity, and positive results in early clinical trials, including nominally statistically significant results, may not be replicated in future trials with a different design or in other future trials. The design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval of a product, and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced. We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support marketing approval. In addition, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. Many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for the product candidates. Even if we, or future collaborators, believe that the results of clinical trials for our product candidates warrant marketing approval, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree and may not grant marketing approval of our product candidates. 
 In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including differences in trial procedures set forth in protocols, including endpoints, differences in the size and characteristics of the patient populations, differences in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial patients. If we fail to receive positive results in clinical trials of our product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our product candidates, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects would be negatively impacted. 
 Interim and preliminary or topline data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publish interim and preliminary or topline data from our anticipated clinical trials. Data from prespecified interim analyses from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary or topline data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary or topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between interim, preliminary or topline data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and business prospects. 
 Our current and future clinical trials or those of our current and future collaborators may reveal significant adverse events not seen in our preclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. 
 If significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to our clinical trials, patients may drop out of our trials, or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of one or more product candidates altogether. For example, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, or PML, has been observed by others as an adverse effect during late-stage clinical development of infusible antibody inhibitor of 4 1 integrin, natalizumab. This adverse effect was not observed in the preclinical studies or 
 44 

Table of Contents 

during early clinical development of natalizumab. We, the FDA, EMA or other applicable regulatory authorities, or an IRB may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that subjects or patients in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use our MInT Platform to expand our pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable products. 
 The success of our business depends in part upon our ability to discover, develop and commercialize products based on our MInT Platform. Our lead program for 4 7 and our research programs, or those of our collaborators, may fail to identify other potential product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons. Our research methodology may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates or our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or for multiple programs, which would materially harm our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus our research and development efforts on certain selected product candidates. For example, we are initially focused on our lead product candidate, MORF-057, in our 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor program. As a result, we may forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable product candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer, including companies developing novel treatments and technology platforms. If these companies develop technologies or product candidates more rapidly than we do or their technologies are more effective, our ability to develop and successfully commercialize product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 The development and commercialization of drugs is highly competitive. Our product candidates, if approved, will face significant competition and our failure to effectively compete may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration. Most of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, and we may not be able to successfully compete. We compete with a variety of multinational biopharmaceutical companies, specialized biotechnology companies and emerging biotechnology companies, as well as with technologies and product candidates being developed at universities and other research institutions. Our competitors have developed, are developing or will develop product candidates and processes competitive with our product candidates and processes. Competitive therapeutic treatments include those that have already been approved and accepted by the medical community and any new treatments, including those based on novel technology platforms that enter the market. We believe that a significant number of products are currently under development, and may become commercially available in the future, for the treatment of conditions for which we are trying, or may try, to develop product candidates. There is intense and rapidly evolving competition in the biotechnology, biopharmaceutical and integrin and immunoregulatory therapeutics fields. Competition from many sources exists or may arise in the future. Our competitors include larger and better funded biopharmaceutical, biotechnological and therapeutics companies, including companies focused on therapeutics for autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer, as well as numerous small companies. Moreover, we also compete with current and future therapeutics developed at universities and other research institutions. Some of these companies are well-capitalized and, in contrast to us, have significant clinical experience, and may include our existing or future collaborators. In addition, these companies compete with us in recruiting scientific and managerial talent. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Our success will depend partially on our ability to develop and commercialize therapeutics that are safer and more effective than competing products. Our commercial opportunity and success will be reduced or eliminated if competing products are safer, more effective, or less expensive than the therapeutics we develop. 
 Despite significant biopharmaceutical industry investment, no oral integrin therapies have been approved in the United States or Europe. We are developing MORF-057, an oral small molecule 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor, for the treatment of IBD. Currently approved IBD therapies include Entyvio (vedolizumab), an injectable 4 7 monoclonal antibody marketed by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, as well as therapies with different mechanisms of action marketed by AbbVie, Johnson Johnson, UCB, Biogen Inc., Pfizer Inc., and Bristol-Myers Squibb, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies, against which our product candidate may compete, if approved. Further, we are aware of oral 4 7 therapies in clinical development for IBD by Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc, and EA Pharma Co. LTD, as well as therapies with different mechanisms of action in clinical development by AbbVie, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, and Bristol-Myers Squibb, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies. 
 Our v 8-specific small molecule integrin inhibitor program is under development for the treatment of myelofibrosis and solid tumors. Currently approved myelofibrosis therapies include the oral JAK inhibitors Jakafi (ruxolitinib), marketed by Incyte Corp and Novartis International AG, Inrebic (fedratinib), marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Vonjo (pacritinib), marketed by CTI Biopharma Corp. We are aware of myelofibrosis therapies in clinical development by GSK plc., MorphoSys AG, Incyte Corp, Geron Corporation, AbbVie, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. There are currently no approved v 8 inhibitors for any indication. We are aware of an anti- v 8 monoclonal antibody in clinical development for the treatment of solid tumors by Pfizer, Inc. In addition, we are aware of preclinical stage anti- v 8 monoclonal antibody programs for solid tumors from Venn Therapeutics and Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., and a small molecule program from Pliant Therapeutics. Furthermore, there are multiple antibody and small molecule therapeutics targeting the TGF- pathway for the treatment of solid tumors in development by Novartis International AG, AbbVie, Roche Holding AG, Merck Co., Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Scholar Rock, in addition to other pharmaceutical companies. 
 Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and supply resources or experience than we have. If we successfully obtain approval for any product candidate, we will face competition based on many different factors, including the safety and effectiveness of our products, the ease with which our products can be administered and the extent to which patients accept relatively new routes of administration, the timing and scope of regulatory approvals for these products, the availability and cost of manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities, price, reimbursement coverage and patent position. Competing products could present superior treatment alternatives, including by being more effective, safer, less expensive or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we may develop. Competitive products may make any products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we recover the expense of developing and commercializing our product candidates. Such competitors could also recruit our employees, which could negatively impact our level of expertise and our ability to execute our business plan. 
 Our current product candidates or any future product candidates may not achieve adequate market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success, if approved, and we may not generate any future revenue from the sale or licensing of product candidates. 
 Even if regulatory approval is obtained for a product candidate, we may not generate or sustain revenue from sales of the product due to factors such as whether the product can be sold at a competitive cost and whether it will otherwise be accepted in the market. Historically, several injectable integrin inhibitors have been approved by the FDA for treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis, acute coronary syndrome and dry eye disease. However, our product candidates are based on a novel approach to oral integrin therapies, and while integrins are a well-understood receptor family, to date, no oral small molecule integrin therapies have been approved by the FDA. Market participants with significant influence over acceptance of new treatments, such as physicians and third-party payors, may not adopt an orally bioavailable product based on our novel technologies, and we may not be able to convince the medical community and third-party payors to accept and use, or to provide favorable reimbursement for, any product candidates developed by us or our existing or future collaborators. Market acceptance of our product candidates will depend on, among other factors: 
 the timing of our receipt of any marketing and commercialization approvals; 
 the terms of any approvals and the countries in which approvals are obtained; 
 the safety and efficacy of our product candidates as demonstrated in clinical trials; 
 the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects associated with our product candidates; 
 limitations or warnings contained in any labeling approved by the FDA or other regulatory authority; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration of our product candidates; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

the willingness of patients to accept any new methods of administration; 
 unfavorable publicity relating to our current product candidates or any future product candidates; 
 the success of our physician education programs; 
 the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from government and third-party payors; 
 the pricing of our products, particularly as compared to alternative treatments; and 
 the availability of alternative effective treatments for the disease indications our product candidates are intended to treat and the relative risks, benefits and costs of those treatments. 
 Sales of medical products also depend on the willingness of physicians to prescribe the treatment, which is likely to be based on a determination by these physicians that the products are safe, therapeutically effective and cost effective. In addition, the inclusion or exclusion of products from treatment guidelines established by various physician groups and the viewpoints of influential physicians can affect the willingness of other physicians to prescribe the treatment. We cannot predict whether physicians, physicians organizations, hospitals, other healthcare providers, government agencies or private insurers will determine that our product is safe, therapeutically effective and cost effective as compared with competing treatments. If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by such parties, we may not generate or derive sufficient revenue from that product candidate and may not become or remain profitable. 
 Because our product candidates are based on new technology, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. In addition, our estimates regarding potential market size for any indication may be materially different from what we discover to exist at the time we commence commercialization, if any, for a product, which could result in significant changes in our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if any product candidate we commercialize fails to achieve market acceptance, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If in the future we are unable to establish U.S. or global sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any of our product candidates that are approved, we may not be successful in commercializing such product candidates and may not be able to generate any revenue. 
 We currently do not have a marketing or sales team for the marketing, sales and distribution of any of our product candidates that are able to obtain regulatory approval. To commercialize any product candidates after approval, we must build on a territory-by-territory basis marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or arrange with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. If our product candidates receive regulatory approval, we may decide to establish an internal sales or marketing team with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our product candidates, which would be expensive and time consuming and would require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. For example, some state and local jurisdictions have licensing and continuing education requirements for pharmaceutical sales representatives, which requires time and financial resources. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of any of our product candidates that we obtain approval to market. 
 With respect to the commercialization of our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval, if any, we may choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, or any such commercialization may experience delays or limitations. If we are not successful in commercializing our product candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product revenue will suffer, and we may incur significant additional losses. 
 If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by the product candidate, our ability to market and derive revenue from the product candidates could be compromised. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in more restrictive labeling or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side 
 47 

Table of Contents 

effects. In such an event, our future clinical trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Such side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to initiate or complete the clinical trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Further, clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of our product candidates may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. 
 If any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by such product, any of the following adverse events could occur: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or seize the product; 
 we may be required to recall the product or change the way the product is administered to patients; 
 additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product or any component thereof; 
 we may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning or a contraindication; 
 we may be required to create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 
 we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; 
 the product may become less competitive; and 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We anticipate that some of our product candidates may be studied in combination with third-party drugs, some of which may still be in development, and we have limited or no control over the supply, regulatory status, or regulatory approval of such drugs. 
 Some of our product candidates may be studied in combination with third-party drugs. The development of product candidates for use in combination with another product or product candidate may present challenges that are not faced for single agent product candidates. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may require us to use more complex clinical trial designs in order to evaluate the contribution of each product and product candidate to any observed effects. It is possible that the results of these trials could show that any positive previous trial results are attributable to the combination therapy and not our product candidates. Moreover, following product approval, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may require that products used in conjunction with each other be cross labeled for combined use. To the extent that we do not have rights to the other product, this may require us to work with a third party to satisfy such a requirement. Moreover, developments related to the other product may impact our clinical trials for the combination as well as our commercial prospects should we receive marketing approval. Such developments may include changes to the other product s safety or efficacy profile, changes to the availability of the approved product, and changes to the standard of care. 
 If we pursue such combination therapies, we cannot be certain that a steady supply of such drugs will be commercially available. Any failure to enter into such commercial relationships, or the expense of purchasing therapies in the market, may delay our development timelines, increase our costs and jeopardize our ability to develop our product candidates as commercially viable combination therapies. The occurrence of any of these could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In the event that any future collaborator or supplier becomes unable or unwilling to supply their products on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we would need to identify alternatives for accessing such products. Additionally, should the supply of products of any collaborator or supplier be interrupted, delayed or otherwise be unavailable to us, our clinical trials may be delayed. In the event we are unable to source a supply of any alternative therapy, or are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We have historically entered into collaborations and may, in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with third parties for the discovery and development of our therapeutic candidates. If our future collaborators cease development efforts under collaboration agreements, or if those agreements are terminated, the collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone payments or future royalties under the agreements. 
 We have in the past and may in the future seek to enter into collaboration agreements with third parties for the discovery or development of certain integrin-based therapeutics, and such collaborations could represent a significant portion of our product pipeline. We have derived substantially all of our revenue to date from collaboration agreements with third parties, and we may derive a portion of our future revenue from collaboration agreements or other similar agreements into which we may enter in the future. Revenue from research and development collaborations depends upon continuation of the collaborations, payments for research and development services and resulting options to acquire any licenses of successful product candidates, and the achievement of milestones, contingent payments and royalties, if any, derived from future products developed from our research. If we are unable to successfully advance the development of our product candidates or achieve milestones, or if our collaborations are otherwise not successful, revenue and cash resources from milestone payments under any collaboration agreements that we may enter into will be substantially less than expected. AbbVie informed us that it did not intend to advance any of its selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors due to a suspected on-target / v 6-mediated safety signal that was observed in pre-clinical testing, and in June 2022, informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement for convenience, which termination became effective in December 2022. In addition, in December 2021, Janssen informed us that it had decided not to exercise the options on the first two integrin targets under the Janssen Agreement due to a lack of target validation in the specific disease of Janssen s interest and, in January 2023, informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the Janssen Agreement for convenience and we have focused efforts on the third integrin research program which includes the potential development of integrin antibody activators. The Janssen Agreement will terminate effective March 2023 or earlier if agreed to by us and Janssen. 
 In addition, we may in the future seek third-party collaborators for research, development and commercialization of other therapeutic technologies or product candidates. Biopharmaceutical companies are our prior and likely future collaborators for any marketing, distribution, development, licensing or broader collaboration arrangements. If we fail to enter into future collaborations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or such collaborations are not successful or are terminated, including the recent termination of the AbbVie Agreement and the Janssen Agreement, we may not be able to execute our strategy to develop certain targets, product candidates or disease areas that we believe could benefit from the resources of either larger biopharmaceutical companies or those specialized in a particular area of relevance. 
 With respect to our existing collaboration agreements, and what we expect will be the case with any future collaboration agreements, we have and expect to continue to have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Moreover, our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. 
 Collaborations involving our product candidates currently pose, and will continue to pose, the following risks to us: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on preclinical studies or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 
 collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 
 disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and 
 collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 
 As a result of the foregoing, our current and any future collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of any or all of our product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed, diminished or terminated. Any failure to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates pursuant to our current or any future collaboration agreements could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Moreover, to the extent that any of our existing or future collaborators were to terminate a collaboration agreement, including the termination of the AbbVie Agreement and the Janssen Agreement, we may be forced to independently develop these product candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs and defending intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandon product candidates altogether, any of which could result in a change to our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our existing discovery collaboration with Schr dinger is important to our business. If we are unable to maintain this collaboration, or if this collaboration is not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 
 In June 2015, we entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Schr dinger, which was subsequently amended in March 2018 and in May 2019, or the Schr dinger Agreement. Under the collaboration, Schr dinger will use its technology platform to perform virtual screens of members of the target class of human integrins, and we and Schr dinger will collaborate to facilitate prioritization of targets, perform target validation and analysis, identify leads and perform lead optimization. Schr dinger has granted us an exclusive license for all intellectual property for our product candidates. 
 Because we currently rely on Schr dinger for a substantial portion of our discovery capabilities, if Schr dinger experiences delays in performance of or fails to perform its obligations under the Schr dinger Agreement, disagrees with our interpretation of the terms of the collaboration or our discovery plan or terminates the Schr dinger Agreement, our pipeline of product candidates would be adversely affected. Schr dinger may also fail to properly maintain or defend the intellectual property we have licensed from them, or even infringe upon, our intellectual property rights, leading to the potential invalidation of our intellectual property or subjecting us to litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive. Additionally, either party has the right to terminate the collaboration pursuant to the terms of the Schr dinger Agreement. If our collaboration with Schr dinger is terminated, especially during our discovery phase, the development of our product candidates would be materially delayed or harmed. 
 We may have conflicts with our collaborators that could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We may have conflicts with our collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the interpretation of preclinical or clinical data, the achievement of milestones, the interpretation of contractual obligations, payments for services, development obligations or the ownership of intellectual property developed during our collaboration. If any conflicts arise with any of our collaborators, such collaborator may act in a manner that is averse to our best interests. Any such disagreement could result in one or more of the following, each of which could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of our product candidates, and in turn prevent us from generating revenues: unwillingness on the part of a collaborator to pay us milestone payments or royalties we believe are due to us under a collaboration, which could require us to raise additional capital; uncertainty regarding ownership of intellectual property rights arising from our collaborative activities, which could prevent us from entering into additional collaborations; unwillingness by the collaborator to cooperate in the development or manufacture of the product, including providing us with product data or materials; unwillingness on the part of a collaborator to keep us informed regarding the progress of its development and commercialization activities or to permit public disclosure of the results of those activities; initiating of litigation or alternative dispute resolution options by either party to resolve the dispute; or attempts by either party to terminate the agreement. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in strategic transactions, including collaboration agreements, that could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates, impact our cash position, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. 
 From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as collaboration agreements, acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out or in licensing of product candidates or technologies that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. In particular, we will evaluate and, if strategically attractive, seek to enter into collaboration agreements with third parties, including with major biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies. The competition for collaborators is intense, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Any new collaboration may be on terms that are not optimal for us, and we may not be able to maintain any new collaboration if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate is delayed, sales of an approved product candidate do not meet expectations or the collaborator terminates the collaboration. In addition, a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies has resulted in a reduced number of potential future strategic partners. Our collaborators may consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the strategic partner s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed strategic partner s evaluation of a number of factors. These factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. Moreover, if we acquire assets with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such assets if we are not able to successfully integrate them with our existing technologies. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, testing, manufacturing and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. 
 We cannot assure you that following any such collaboration, or other strategic transaction, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. For example, such transactions may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures and pose significant integration or implementation challenges or disrupt our management or business. These transactions would entail numerous operational and financial risks, including exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to manage a collaboration or develop acquired products, product candidates or technologies, incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay transaction consideration or costs, higher than expected collaboration, acquisition or integration costs, write-downs of assets or goodwill or impairment charges, increased amortization expenses, difficulty and cost in facilitating the collaboration or combining the operations and personnel of any acquired business, impairment of relationships with key suppliers, manufacturers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership and the inability to retain key employees of any acquired business. 
 Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do complete may be subject to the foregoing or other risks and would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Conversely, any failure to enter any additional collaboration or other strategic transaction that would be beneficial to us could delay the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates and have a negative impact on the competitiveness of any product candidate that reaches market. 
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct certain of our preclinical studies or clinical trials. If those third parties do not perform as contractually required, fail to satisfy legal or regulatory requirements, miss expected deadlines or terminate the relationship, our development program could be delayed with potentially material and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We rely and intend to rely in the future on third-party clinical investigators, CROs, clinical data management organizations and consultants to assist or provide the design, conduct, supervision and monitoring of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. Because we rely on these third parties and will not have the ability to conduct all preclinical studies or clinical trials independently, we will have less control over the timing, quality and other aspects of preclinical studies and clinical trials than we would have had we conducted them on our own. These investigators, CROs and consultants will not be our employees and we will have limited control over the amount of time and resources that they dedicate to our programs. These third parties may have contractual relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, which may draw time and resources from our programs. The third parties with which we may contract might not be diligent, careful or timely in conducting our preclinical studies or clinical trials, resulting in the preclinical studies or clinical trials being delayed or unsuccessful. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

If we cannot contract with acceptable third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or if these third parties do not carry out their contractual duties, satisfy legal and regulatory requirements for the conduct of preclinical studies or clinical trials or meet expected deadlines, our clinical development programs could be delayed and otherwise adversely affected. In all events, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial as well as applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The FDA generally requires preclinical studies to be conducted in accordance with good laboratory practices and clinical trials to be conducted in accordance with good clinical practices, including for designing, conducting, recording and reporting the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control will not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Any adverse development or delay in our preclinical studies or clinical trials as a result of our reliance on third parties could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or others terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or other third parties or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO begins work. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. 
 We rely on third-party manufacturers and suppliers to supply components of our product candidates. The loss of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers, or our or their failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We do not own or operate facilities for drug manufacturing, storage, distribution or quality testing. We currently rely, and may continue to rely, on third-party contract manufacturers, including in the U.K. and China, to manufacture bulk drug substances, drug products, raw materials, samples, components, or other materials and reports. Reliance on third-party manufacturers may expose us to different risks than if we were to manufacture product candidates ourselves. There can be no assurance that our preclinical and clinical development product supplies will not be limited, interrupted, terminated or of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In particular, any replacement of our manufacturers or suppliers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. If our third-party manufacturers and suppliers, or any third-party in the supply chain, are adversely impacted, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or global supply chain disruptions, we may be unable to secure the supply of product candidates required for our preclinical studies. 
 The manufacturing process for a product candidate is subject to FDA and foreign regulatory authority review. We, and our suppliers and manufacturers, must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities in order to comply with regulatory standards, such as current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities for the manufacture of elements of our product candidates. Moreover, we do not control the manufacturing process at our contract manufacturers and are completely dependent on them for compliance with current regulatory requirements. In the event that any of our manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform its obligations in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In some cases, the technical skills or technology required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty transferring such to another third party. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to enable us, or to have another third party, manufacture our product candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines; and we may be required to repeat some of the development program. The delays associated with the validation of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers if we receive regulatory approval for any product candidate. To the extent that we have existing, or enter into future, manufacturing arrangements with third parties, we will depend on these third parties to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements, including those related to quality control and assurance. Any manufacturing facilities used to produce our products will be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, including for continued 
 52 

Table of Contents 

compliance with cGMP requirements, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. If we are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for product candidates, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our product candidates successfully. Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements, comply with cGMPs or maintain a compliance status acceptable to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate or continue clinical trials of product candidates under development; 
 delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals, for product candidates; 
 loss of the cooperation of existing or future collaborators; 
 subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 
 requirements to cease distribution or to recall batches of our product candidates; and 
 in the event of approval to market and commercialize a product candidate, an inability to meet commercial demands for our products. 
 Additionally, our contract manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes, unstable political environments, epidemics or pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or global supply chain disruptions. If our contract manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide our product candidates to patients in preclinical and clinical trials, or to provide product for treatment of patients once approved, would be jeopardized. 
 For example, the U.K. formally left the European Union, or EU, on January 31, 2020, often referred to as Brexit, and the transition period ended on December 31, 2020. However, the EU and the U.K. have concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which has been approved by the UK Parliament, European Council and European Parliament.. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued, but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of the U.K. and EU pharmaceutical regulations. As a result, companies now need to comply with a separate UK regulatory legal framework in order to commercialize medicinal products in Great Britain (England, Wales and Scotland). At present, Great Britain has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). While the regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore currently aligns in the most part with EU regulations, it is possible that these regimes will diverge in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of U.K. and EU pharmaceutical legislation. For example, the new Clinical Trials Regulation which became effective in the EU on January 31, 2022 and provides for a streamlined clinical trial application and assessment procedure covering multiple EU Member States has not been implemented into U.K. law, and a separate application will need to be submitted for clinical trial authorization in the U.K. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of the trade and cooperation agreement or otherwise, could prevent us from commercializing any product candidates in the U.K. and/or the EU and restrict our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to restrict or delay efforts to seek regulatory approval in the U.K. and/or EU for any product candidates, which could significantly and materially harm our business. The current lack of detail and resolution with regard to the Brexit implementation may result in a disruption of the manufacturing and supply of components of our product candidates in the U.K. and we are unable to confidently predict the effects of such disruption to the regulatory framework in Europe. Any adjustments we make to our business and operations as a result of Brexit could result in significant delays and additional expense. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 We, or our third-party contract research organizations, face risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could significantly disrupt our operations. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other epidemics or pandemics. If there are closures or other restrictions in the places where we or our manufacturers and suppliers operate, we may experience disruptions to our operations. We have in the past and may in the future experience impacts to certain of our suppliers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics or outbreaks occurring in one or more of these locations, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our operation has in the past and may in the future experience disruptions, including in connection with temporary office closures and suspension of services by our suppliers, which may result in us having to procure the components for our 
 53 

Table of Contents 

product candidates from alternate suppliers, which may materially and adversely affect our development timelines, and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The manufacturing of our molecules is complex and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials, our ability to obtain marketing approval, or our ability to provide supply of our products for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped. 
 Our product candidates are biopharmaceuticals and the process of manufacturing biopharmaceuticals is complex, time-consuming, highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. Our contract manufacturers must comply with legal requirements, cGMPs and guidelines for the manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals used in clinical trials and, if approved, marketed products. Our contract manufacturers may have limited experience in the manufacturing of cGMP batches. 
 Manufacturing biopharmaceuticals is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at our third-party manufacturers facilities, such facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical trials and adversely harm our business. Moreover, if the FDA determines that our third-party manufacturers facilities are not in compliance with FDA laws and regulations, including those governing cGMPs, the FDA may deny NDA approval until the deficiencies are corrected or we replace the manufacturer in our NDA with a manufacturer that is in compliance. 
 In addition, there are risks associated with large scale manufacturing for clinical trials or commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability issues, compliance with cGMPs, lot consistency and timely availability of raw materials. Even if our collaborators obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that manufacturers will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product or to meet potential future demand. If our manufacturers are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization, commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Scaling up a biopharmaceutical manufacturing process is a difficult and uncertain task, and our third-party manufacturers may not have the necessary capabilities to complete the implementation, manufacturing and development process. If we are unable to adequately validate or scale-up the manufacturing process at our current manufacturers facilities, we will need to transfer to another manufacturer and complete the manufacturing validation process, which can be lengthy. If we are able to adequately validate and scale-up the manufacturing process for our product candidates with a contract manufacturer, we will still need to negotiate with such contract manufacturer an agreement for commercial supply and it is not certain we will be able to come to agreement on terms acceptable to us. 
 We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of any of our product candidates or products will not occur in the future. If our third-party manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide any product candidates to patients in planned clinical trials and products to patients, once approved, would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of planned clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. Any adverse developments affecting clinical or commercial manufacturing of our product candidates or products may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply of our product candidates or products. We may also have to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for product candidates or products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Accordingly, failures or difficulties faced at any level of our supply chain could adversely affect our business and delay or impede the development and commercialization of any of our product candidates or products, if approved, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our process development efforts, we also may make changes to the manufacturing processes at various points during development, for various reasons, such as controlling costs, achieving scale, decreasing processing time, increasing manufacturing success rate or other reasons. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve their intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of our ongoing clinical trials or future clinical trials. In some circumstances, changes in the manufacturing process may require us to perform ex vivo comparability studies and to collect additional data from patients prior to undertaking more advanced clinical trials. For instance, changes in our process during the course of clinical development may require us to show the 
 54 

Table of Contents 

comparability of the product used in earlier clinical phases or at earlier portions of a trial to the product used in later clinical phases or later portions of the trial. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are not able to obtain, maintain, and enforce patent protection for our technologies or product candidates, development and commercialization of our product candidates may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patents and other forms of intellectual property rights, including in-licenses of intellectual property rights of others, for our product candidates, as well as our ability to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. As of December 31, 2022, we solely owned various issued patents and pending patent applications protecting our integrin therapeutic compounds across multiple programs (including our product candidates) in the U.S. and many other major jurisdictions worldwide, including Europe, Japan and China. In addition, we hold an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with the Children s Medical Center Corporation, or the CMCC Agreement, to certain U.S. patents and related pending U.S. patent application(s) relating to modified integrin polypeptides, crystallizable dimers comprising a modified integrin polypeptide, and related methods. We may not be able to apply for patents on certain aspects of our product candidates in a timely fashion or at all. Further, we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and license any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of all patent applications that we license from third parties, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our technology or from developing competing products and technology. There is no guarantee that any of our pending patent applications will result in issued or granted patents, that any of our future issued or granted patents will not later be found to be invalid or unenforceable or that any future issued or granted patents will include claims that are sufficiently broad to cover our product candidates or to provide meaningful protection from our competitors. Moreover, the patent position of biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain because it involves complex legal and factual questions. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our current and future proprietary technology and product candidates are covered by valid and enforceable patents, or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. If third parties disclose or misappropriate our proprietary rights, it may materially and adversely affect our position in the market. 
 Our pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications. Assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, currently, the first inventor to file a patent application is generally entitled to the patent. However, prior to March 16, 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a large number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case. The standards applied by the USPTO and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in biotechnology and biopharmaceutical patents. As such, we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our proprietary products and technology. The process of obtaining patents is time consuming, expensive and sometimes unpredictable. 
 Once granted, for a given period after allowance or grant patents may remain open to opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification, or derivation action in court or before patent offices or similar proceedings, during which time third parties can raise objections against such initial grant. Such proceedings may continue for a protracted period of time and an adverse determination in any such proceedings could reduce the scope of the allowed or granted claims thus attacked, or could result in our patents being invalidated in whole or in part, or being held unenforceable, which could allow third parties to commercialize our product candidates and compete directly with us without payment to us. In addition, there can be no assurance that: 
 55 

Table of Contents 

others will not or may not be able to make, use or sell compounds that are the same as or similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license; 
 we or our licensors, or our existing or future collaborators are the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending patent applications that we own or license; 
 we or our licensors, or our existing or future collaborators are the first to file patent applications covering certain aspects of our inventions; 
 others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 
 a third party may not challenge our patents and, if challenged, a court would hold that our patents are valid, enforceable and infringed; 
 any issued patents that we own or have licensed or that we may license in the future will provide us with any competitive advantages, or will not be challenged by third parties; 
 we may develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others will not have a material or adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; and 
 our competitors do not conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have enforceable patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets. 
 If we or our licensors or collaborators fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patent protection for certain aspects of our product candidates, we also consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented know-how, important to the maintenance of our competitive position. Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. We seek to protect trade secrets and confidential and unpatented know-how, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to such knowledge, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants that obligate them to maintain confidentiality and assign their inventions to us. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Furthermore, we expect that, over time, our trade secrets, know-how and proprietary information may be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel to and from academic and industry scientific positions. Consequently, without costly efforts to protect our proprietary technology, we may be unable to prevent others from exploiting that technology, which could affect our ability to expand in domestic and international markets. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Other companies or organizations may challenge our or our licensors patent rights or may assert patent rights that prevent us from developing and commercializing our products, if approved. 
 Oral integrin therapies in fibrosis and inflammatory bowel disease or other disease areas are a relatively new scientific field. We have applied for and have obtained a license from a third party on an exclusive basis to U.S. patent filings related to our MInT Platform. Other pending patent applications in the United States and in key markets around the world that we 
 56 

Table of Contents 

own or license claim many different methods, compositions and processes relating to the discovery, development, and manufacture of small-molecule integrin inhibitor-based and other therapeutics. 
 As the field of small-molecule integrin inhibitor-based therapeutics continues to mature, patent applications are being processed by national patent offices around the world. There is uncertainty about which patents will issue and, if they do, as to when, to whom, and with what claims. In addition, third parties may attempt to invalidate our intellectual property rights. Even if our rights are not directly challenged, disputes could lead to the weakening of our intellectual property rights. Our defense against any attempt by third parties to circumvent or invalidate our intellectual property rights could be costly to us, could require significant time and attention of our management and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects or our ability to successfully compete. If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing product candidate or product. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patents covering our technology in the United States and in other jurisdictions worldwide would be extremely costly, and our or our licensors or collaborators intellectual property rights may not exist in some countries outside the United States or may be less extensive in some countries than in the United States. In jurisdictions where we or our licensors or collaborators have not obtained patent protection, competitors may seek to use our or our licensors or collaborators technology to develop competing products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but where it is more difficult to enforce a patent as compared to the United States. Competitor products may compete with our future products in jurisdictions where we do not have issued or granted patents or where our or our licensors or collaborators issued or granted patent claims or other intellectual property rights are not sufficient to prevent competitor activities in these jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, make it difficult to enforce patents and such countries may not recognize other types of intellectual property protection, particularly relating to pharmaceuticals or biopharmaceuticals. This could make it difficult for us or our licensors or collaborators to prevent the infringement of our or their patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our or their proprietary rights generally in certain jurisdictions. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our and our licensors or collaborators efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our and our licensors or collaborators patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our and our licensors or collaborators patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our licensors or collaborators. We or our licensors or collaborators may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or our licensors or collaborators initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 When we elect to pursue patent protection on an invention, we generally first file a U.S. provisional patent application (a priority filing) at the USPTO. An international patent application under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, and/or a national application in a non-PCT country may then be filed within twelve months after the priority filing. Based on the PCT filing, national and regional patent applications may be filed in one or more PCT member countries. We have thus far not filed for patent protection in all national and regional jurisdictions where such protection may be available. In addition, we may decide to abandon national and regional patent applications before grant. Finally, the grant proceeding of each national or regional patent office is an independent proceeding, which may lead to situations in which patent applications might in some jurisdictions be refused by the relevant registration authorities, while granted by others. It is also quite common that, depending on the country, different scopes of patent protection may be granted on the same product candidate or technology. 
 The laws of some jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the United States, and many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in such jurisdictions. If we or our licensors or collaborators encounter difficulties in protecting, or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting, the intellectual property rights important for our business in such jurisdictions, the value of these rights may be diminished and we may face additional competition from others in those jurisdictions. Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such a patent. If we or any of our licensors or collaborators are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position in the relevant jurisdiction may be impaired and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that are necessary for developing and protecting our product candidates or we could lose certain rights to grant sublicenses. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. Any termination of our licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to develop our product candidates. Our current licenses impose, and any future licenses we enter into are likely to impose, various development, commercialization, funding, milestone, royalty, diligence, sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement and/or other obligations on us. If we breach any of these obligations, or use the intellectual property licensed to us in an unauthorized manner, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, which could result in us being unable to develop, manufacture and sell any future products that are covered by the licensed technology or enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed technology. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating a licensor s rights. In addition, while we cannot determine currently the amount of the royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 the extent to which our product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners may need to resort to litigation to protect or enforce our patents, if and when granted, or other proprietary rights, all of which could be costly and time consuming, delay or prevent the development and commercialization of our product candidates, or put our patents, if and when granted, patent applications and other proprietary rights at risk. 
 Competitors may infringe our owned or licensed patents, if and when granted, patent applications or other intellectual property. If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates or our technology, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, lack of adequate written description, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that an individual connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity or unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on one or more of our product candidates or certain aspects of our platform technology. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be 
 58 

Table of Contents 

necessary to determine the inventorship or priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Patents and other intellectual property rights will not protect our technology if competitors design around our protected technology without legally infringing our patents or other intellectual property rights. 
 Intellectual property rights of third parties could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates, and we, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners may become subject to third party claims or litigation alleging infringement of patents or other proprietary rights or seeking to invalidate patents or other proprietary rights. We might be required to litigate or obtain licenses from third parties in order to develop or market our product candidates. Such litigation or licenses could be costly or not available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 We, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners, may be subject to third-party claims for infringement or misappropriation of patent or other proprietary rights. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, derivations, oppositions and inter partes review proceedings before the USPTO, and corresponding foreign patent offices. There may be issued patents and pending patent applications that claim aspects of our targets, our MInT Platform, or our product candidates and modifications that we may need to apply to our product candidates. There may be issued patents that claim integrin inhibitors which may be relevant to the products we wish to develop. Thus, it is possible that one or more organizations will hold patent rights to which we will need a license. If those organizations refuse to grant us a license to such patent rights on reasonable terms, we may not be able to market products or perform research and development or other activities covered by these patents, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners are found to infringe a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees if we or they are found to have infringed willfully. In addition, we, our licensors or collaborators, or any future strategic partners may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from a third party, which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if a license can be obtained on acceptable terms, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. If we fail to obtain a required license, we or our existing or future collaborators may be unable to effectively market product candidates based on our technology, which could limit our ability to generate revenue or achieve profitability and possibly prevent us from generating revenue sufficient to sustain our operations. In addition, we may find it necessary to pursue claims or initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our patent or other intellectual property rights. The cost to us in defending or initiating any litigation or other proceeding relating to patent or other proprietary rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and litigation could divert our management s attention. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could delay our research and development efforts and limit our ability to continue our operations. 
 Because the integrin-based therapeutics landscape is still evolving, it is difficult to conclusively assess our freedom to operate without infringing on third-party rights. There are numerous companies that have pending patent applications and issued patents broadly covering integrins generally, covering integrins directed against the same targets as, or targets similar to, those we are pursuing, or covering compounds similar to our product candidates. Failure to receive a license could delay commercialization of our product candidates. Our competitive position may suffer if patents issued to third parties or other third-party intellectual property rights cover our products, if approved, or product candidates or elements thereof, or our manufacture or uses relevant to our development plans. In such cases, we may not be in a position to develop or commercialize products or product candidates until such patents expire or unless we successfully pursue litigation to nullify or invalidate the third-party intellectual property right concerned, or enter into a license agreement with the intellectual property right holder, if available on commercially reasonable terms. There may be issued patents of which we are not aware, held by third parties that, if found to be valid and enforceable, could be alleged to be infringed by our MInT Platform and product candidates. There also may be pending patent applications of which we are not aware that may result in issued patents, which could be alleged to be infringed by our MInT Platform and product candidates. If such an 
 59 

Table of Contents 

infringement claim should be brought and be successful, we may be required to pay substantial damages, including potentially treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, and we may be forced to abandon our product candidates or seek a license from any patent holders. No assurances can be given that a license will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 It is also possible that we have failed to identify relevant third-party patents or applications. For example, U.S. applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain U.S. applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential unless and until corresponding patents issue. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates or MInT Platform could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our MInT Platform, our product candidates or the use of our product candidates. Third-party intellectual property right holders may also actively bring infringement claims against us. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to engage in or continue costly, unpredictable and time-consuming litigation and may be prevented from or experience substantial delays in marketing our products, if approved. Parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our product candidates that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign product candidates so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Litigation and other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims, with or without merit, are unpredictable and generally expensive and time consuming and are likely to divert significant resources from our core business, including distracting our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Moreover, such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. 
 We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating or from successfully challenging our intellectual property rights. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our employees or consultants former employers or their clients. These claims may be costly to defend and if we do not successfully do so, we may be required to pay monetary damages and may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. 
 Many of our employees, including our management, were previously employed at universities or biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees, employees of our licensors or collaborators or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we or our licensors or collaborators fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual 
 60 

Table of Contents 

property rights or personnel. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could hamper our ability to develop and ultimately commercialize, or prevent us from developing and commercializing, our product candidates, which could severely harm our business. Even if we or our licensors or collaborators are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 Patent terms may be insufficient to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various patent term adjustments or extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ consultants and an outside firm and/or rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to the USPTO and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Changes in U.S. patent and ex-U.S. patent laws could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. In the United States, numerous recent changes to the patent laws and proposed changes to the rules of the USPTO may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that subsequent rulings will not adversely impact our patents or patent applications. In addition to increasing uncertainty regarding our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once granted. For example, although currently under review by the U.S. Supreme Court, in the case Amgen v. Sanofi , the Federal Circuit held that broad functional antibody claims are invalid for lack of enablement. In addition, in Juno v. Kite , the Federal Circuit held broad antibody and chimeric antigen receptor claims supported by few examples invalid for lack of written description. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, and similar legislative and regulatory bodies in other countries in which may pursue patent protection, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways, particularly with respect to pharmaceutical patent protection, that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our or our licensors or collaborators existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our common law trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 We and/or our collaborators may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, unable to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our product candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to, among other things, research, testing, development, manufacturing, approval, recordkeeping, reporting, labeling, storage, packaging, advertising and promotion, pricing, post-approval monitoring, marketing and distribution of drugs. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process are required to be completed successfully in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions before a new drug can be marketed. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. It is possible that none of the product candidates we may develop, either alone or with our collaborators, will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for us or our existing or future collaborators to begin selling them. 
 We have no prior experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by the FDA. The time required to obtain FDA and other approvals is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, depending upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. The standards that the FDA and its foreign counterparts use when regulating us require judgment and can change, which makes it difficult to predict with certainty their application. Any analysis we perform of data from preclinical and clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. We or our collaborators may also encounter unexpected delays or increased costs due to new government regulations, for example, from future legislation or administrative action, or from changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. Further, infections and deaths related to COVID-19 are disrupting certain healthcare and healthcare regulatory systems globally. Such disruptions could divert healthcare resources away from, or materially delay review by, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies. It is unknown how long these disruptions could continue, were they to occur. Any elongation or de-prioritization of preclinical studies or clinical trials or delay in regulatory review resulting from such disruptions could materially affect the development and study of our product candidates. It is impossible to predict whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA or foreign regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or the impact of such changes, if any. 
 Given that the product candidates we are developing, either alone or with our collaborators, represent a new therapeutic approach, the FDA and its foreign counterparts may not have established any definitive policies, practices or guidelines in relation to these product candidates. Moreover, the FDA may respond to any NDA that we may submit by defining requirements that we do not anticipate. Such responses could delay clinical development of our product candidates. In addition, because there may be approved treatments for some of the diseases for which we may seek approval, in order to receive regulatory approval, we may need to demonstrate through clinical trials that the product candidates we develop to treat these diseases, if any, are not only safe and effective, but safer or more effective than existing products. Furthermore, in recent years, there has been increased public and political pressure on the FDA with respect to the approval process for new drugs, and FDA standards, especially regarding product safety. 
 Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues from the particular product candidate for which we are seeking approval. Furthermore, any regulatory approval to market a product may be subject to limitations on the approved uses for which we may market the product or on the labeling or other restrictions. 
 We are also subject to or may in the future become subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process varies among countries and may include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval process described above, as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of local regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. FDA approval does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States and vice versa. Any delay or failure to obtain U.S. or foreign regulatory approval for a product candidate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal. We may also be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we or our existing or future collaborators obtain for our product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which a product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. 
 In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, post-approval monitoring and adverse event reporting, storage, import, export, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. The FDA has significant post-market authority, including the authority to require labeling changes based on new safety information and to require post-market studies or clinical trials to evaluate safety risks related to the use of a product or to require withdrawal of the product from the market. The FDA also has the authority to require a REMS plan after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or use of an approved drug. The manufacturing facilities we use to make a future product, if any, will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA and other regulatory agencies, including for continued compliance with cGMP requirements. The discovery of any new or previously unknown problems with our third-party manufacturers, manufacturing processes or facilities may result in restrictions on the product, manufacturer or facility, including withdrawal of the product from the market. If we rely on third-party manufacturers, we will not have control over compliance with applicable rules and regulations by such manufacturers. Any product promotion and advertising will also be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding use of their products. If we promote our product candidates in a manner inconsistent with FDA-approved labeling or otherwise not in compliance with FDA regulations, we may be subject to enforcement action. If we or our existing or future collaborators, manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements in the United States or foreign jurisdictions in which we seek to market our products, we or they may be subject to, among other things, fines, warning letters, holds on clinical trials, delay of approval or refusal by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory bodies to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval, product recalls and seizures, administrative detention of products, refusal to permit the import or export of products, operating restrictions, injunction, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our strategic partners; 
 suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 
 product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. For example, in December 2016, the 21 st Century Cures Act, or Cures Act, was signed into law. The Cures Act, among other things, is intended to modernize the regulation of drugs and biologics and to spur innovation. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. Changes in FDA staffing could result in delays in the FDA s responsiveness or in its ability to review submissions or applications, issue regulations or guidance, or implement or enforce regulatory requirements in a timely fashion or at all. Similar consequences would also result in the event of another significant shutdown of the federal government such as the one that occurred from December 22, 2018 
 63 

Table of Contents 

through January 25, 2019. It is difficult to predict how these requirements will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the FDA s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. If any legislation, executive orders, or lapses in agency funding impose constraints on the FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted. 
 We may face difficulties from healthcare legislative reform measures. 
 Existing regulatory policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act, or together, the ACA, was enacted, which was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy. 
 There have been legislative and judicial efforts to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the ACA, including measures taken during the Trump administration. The Tax Act, among other things, includes a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such efforts to repeal, replace, amend or invalidate the ACA or its implementing regulations, or portions thereof, and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA or our business. Additionally, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective January 1, 2020, the ACA-mandated Cadillac tax on certain high cost employer-sponsored insurance plans and the medical device excise tax on non-exempt medical devices, and effective January 1, 2021, also eliminated the health insurer tax. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or the BBA, among other things, amended the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50 percent to 70 percent the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole. In addition, CMS published a final rule that would give states greater flexibility, effective January 1, 2020, in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted to reduce healthcare expenditures. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, will remain in effect through 2031. Moreover, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. If federal spending is further reduced, anticipated budgetary shortfalls may also impact the ability of relevant agencies, such as the FDA or the National Institutes of Health to continue to function at current levels. Amounts allocated to federal grants and contracts may be reduced or eliminated. These reductions may also impact the ability of relevant agencies to timely review and approve research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities, which may delay our ability to develop, market and sell any products we may develop. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for physician-administered drugs. In addition, this legislation provided authority for limiting the number of drugs that will be covered in any 
 64 

Table of Contents 

therapeutic class. While the MMA only applies to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 Recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. 
 Further, in November 2020, HHS finalized a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. The implementation of this final rule was delayed by the Biden administration until January 1, 2023 and subsequently delayed by the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, until January 1, 2032. In December 2020, CMS issued a final rule implementing significant manufacturer price reporting changes under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including regulations that affect manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs subject to pharmacy benefit manager accumulator programs and Best Price reporting related to certain value-based purchasing arrangements. Under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than they receive on the sale of products. It is unclear to what extent these new requirements will be implemented and to what extent these regulations or any future legislation or regulations by the Biden administration will have on our business, including our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability. 
 Recently, healthcare reform initiatives culminated in the enactment of the IRA in August 2022, which will, among other things, allow the HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D, although only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for biologics) can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped at a statutory ceiling price. Beginning in January 2023 for Medicare Part B and October 2022 for Medicare Part D, the IRA will also penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare Part B and Part D drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. The full economic impact of the IRA is unknown at this time, but the law s passage may affect the pricing of our products and product candidates. The adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect pricing pressures will continue globally. 
 At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or companion diagnostics or additional pricing pressures. 
 We expect that the ACA and IRA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. 
 Our operations and relationships with healthcare providers, healthcare organizations, customers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-bribery, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, transparency and other healthcare and privacy laws and regulations, which could expose us to, among other things, enforcement actions, criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Our current and future arrangements with healthcare providers, healthcare organizations, third-party payors and customers expose us to broadly applicable anti-bribery, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, market, sell and distribute our product 
 65 

Table of Contents 

candidates. In addition, we may be subject to patient data privacy and security regulation by the U.S. federal government and the states and the foreign governments of countries in which we conduct our business. Restrictions under applicable federal and state anti-bribery and healthcare laws and regulations, include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal and state healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 
 the federal criminal and civil false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions against individuals or entities, prohibits, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; 
 HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability, prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 
 HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, which impose obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services involving the storage, use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information, and require notification to affected individuals and regulatory authorities of certain breaches of security of individually identifiable health information; the federal legislation commonly referred to as Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members, with the information made publicly available on a searchable website; 
 state privacy laws and regulations, such as those of California Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah that impose restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other sensitive personal information that is not subject to HIPAA. For example, in June 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, which modified the CCPA and created additional obligations beginning on January 1, 2022, gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, restrict processing of sensitive personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used, and provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation; resulting in increased compliance costs and potential liability. Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, which took effect on January 1, 2023, requires opt-in consent from consumers to acquire and process their sensitive personal information, which includes information revealing a consumer s physical and mental health diagnosis and genetic and biometric information that can identify a consumer; 
 the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, which prohibits, among other things, U.S. companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political office, and foreign political parties or officials thereof; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and 
 certain state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and drug pricing information, state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 If we or our collaborators, manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with applicable federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, which could affect our ability to develop, market and sell our products successfully and could harm our reputation and lead to reduced acceptance of our products by the market. These enforcement actions include, among others: 
 exclusion from participation in government-funded healthcare programs; and 
 exclusion from eligibility for the award of government contracts for our products. 
 Privacy laws, rules and regulations evolve frequently, and their scope may continually change through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. The interpretation and application of consumer, health-related and data protection laws, especially with respect to genetic samples and data, in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere, are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux. As a result, implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. We cannot provide assurance that current or future legislation will not prevent us from generating or maintaining personal data or that patients will consent to the use of their personal data (as necessary); either of these circumstances may prevent us from undertaking or publishing essential research and development, manufacturing, and commercialization, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA, exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or other government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, or reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 These risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources. 
 Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidate, such product candidate may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business. 
 The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription biopharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain regulatory approval. 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors including government authorities, such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other organizations. Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs 
 67 

Table of Contents 

associated with their treatment. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors are critical to new product acceptance. Even if we succeed in bringing one or more products to the market, these products may not be considered cost-effective, and the amount reimbursed for any products may be insufficient to allow us to sell our products on a competitive basis. Because our programs are in the early stages of development, we are unable at this time to determine their cost effectiveness or the likely level or method of coverage and reimbursement. Increasingly, the third-party payors who reimburse patients or healthcare providers, such as government and private insurance plans, are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices, and are seeking to reduce the prices charged or the amounts reimbursed for biopharmaceutical products. If the price we are able to charge for any products we develop, or the coverage and reimbursement provided for such products, is inadequate in light of our development and other costs, our return on investment could be affected adversely. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug or therapeutic biologic will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. 
 Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also be insufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may be based on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other services and may reflect budgetary constraints or imperfections in Medicare data. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a third-party payor is a time consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for new drugs that we develop and for which we obtain regulatory approval could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we decide to pursue a Fast Track Designation by the FDA, it may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 We may seek Fast Track Designation for one or more of our product candidates. If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track Designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 If we decide to seek Orphan Drug Designation for some of our product candidates, we may be unsuccessful or may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with Orphan Drug Designation, including the potential for supplemental market exclusivity. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for one or more of our product candidates, and we may be unsuccessful. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as tax advantages and user fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has Orphan Drug Designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Even if we obtain Orphan Drug Designation for our product candidates in specific indications, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of these product candidates for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moiety can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. In addition, while we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for our product candidates, we may never receive such designations. 
 Tax reform legislation, which was signed into law on December 22, 2017, reduced the amount of the qualified clinical research costs for a designated orphan product that a sponsor may claim as a credit from 50 to 25 . This may further limit the advantage and may impact our future business strategy of seeking the Orphan Drug Designation. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties to sell our products sell our products outside the United States, to conduct clinical trials, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 
 Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenue, if any. 
 In some countries, particularly member states of the EU the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after receipt of marketing approval for a product. In addition, there can be considerable pressure by governments and other stakeholders on prices and reimbursement levels, including as part of cost containment measures. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing used by various EU member states and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. To obtain coverage and reimbursement or pricing approvals in some countries, we or current or future collaborators may be required to conduct a clinical trial or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of our therapeutic candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If reimbursement of any product candidate approved for marketing is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, as a result of Brexit, there will be a transition period until a comprehensive trade agreement between the U.K. and EU is negotiated by year-end 2020. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

European data collection is governed by restrictive regulations governing the use, processing, and cross-border transfer of personal information. 
 The collection and use of personal health data in the EU is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR. The GDPR imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data protection authorities and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the United States. The GDPR increases the scrutiny of transfers of personal data from clinical trial sites located in the European Economic Area to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws. For example, following a decision of the Court of Justice of the EU in October 2015, the transfer of personal data to U.S. companies that had certified as members of the U.S. Safe Harbor Scheme, was declared invalid. In July 2016, the European Commission adopted the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or the Privacy Shield Framework, which replaced the U.S. Safe Harbor Scheme. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision that declared the Privacy Shield Framework invalid, and will also result in additional compliance obligations for companies that implement standard contractual clauses to ensure a valid basis for the transfer of personal data outside of Europe. On November 10, 2020, the European Data Protection Board issued recommendations on the additional safeguards required for standard contractual clauses to be valid. It is possible that the ability to transfer personal data from the European Union to the United States will be restricted. We and many other companies may be required to adopt additional measures to accomplish and maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from the European Union to the United States and other third-party countries. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Directive, the GDPR, and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in fines (for example, of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year (whichever is higher)) and other administrative penalties. The GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a result of the implementation of the GDPR, we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. There is significant uncertainty related to the manner in which data protection authorities will seek to enforce compliance with GDPR is not yet clear. For example, it is not clear if the authorities will conduct random audits of companies doing business in the EU, or if the authorities will wait for complaints to be filed by individuals who claim their rights have been violated. Enforcement uncertainty and the costs associated with ensuring GDPR compliance be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, Brexit has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the U.K. The U.K. enacted the Data Protection Act 2018 to directly enforce the GDPR. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 
 We expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 variations in the level of expense related to the ongoing development of our MInT Platform, product candidates or future development programs; 
 results of preclinical and clinical trials, or the addition or termination of existing or future clinical trials or funding support by us, or existing or future collaborators or licensing partners; 
 our execution of any additional collaboration, licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under existing or future arrangements or the termination or modification of any such existing or future arrangements; 
 any intellectual property infringement lawsuit or opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 strategic decisions by us, our collaborators or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, the terms of such approval and market acceptance and demand for such product candidates; 
 70 

Table of Contents 

regulatory developments affecting our product candidates or those of our competitors; and 
 changes in general market and economic conditions, including due to global pandemics such as COVID-19, the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine, inflation, rising interest rates, and the ongoing labor shortage. 
 If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 
 The market price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which we cannot control. The trading prices for our common stock and the common stock of other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic among other factors. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the other risks described in this section and elsewhere in this report and the following: 
 results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, or those of our competitors or our existing or future collaborators; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates; 
 the success of competitive products or technologies; 
 introductions and announcements of new products by us, our future commercialization partners, or our competitors, and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 
 actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our products, clinical studies, manufacturing process or sales and marketing terms; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 the success of our efforts to acquire or in-license additional technologies, products or product candidates; 
 developments concerning any future collaborations, including but not limited to those with development and commercialization partners; 
 market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our product candidates and products; 
 our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 actual or anticipated changes in earnings estimates or changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally; 
 our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to the market; 
 fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 announcement and expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 share price and fluctuations of trading volume of our common stock, which may affect our trading liquidity and public float; 
 sales of our common stock by us, insiders or our stockholders; 
 the concentrated ownership of our common stock; 
 71 

Table of Contents 

changes in accounting principles; 
 actions instituted by activist shareholders or others; 
 terrorist acts, acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest, such as the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine; 
 natural disasters and other calamities, including global pandemics, such as COVID-19; and 
 general economic, industry and market conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, and the ongoing labor shortage. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, increase in inflation, rising interest rates, disruptions to global supply chains, and the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine and the global sanctions imposed in response thereto, that have been often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the issuer. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors section, could have a dramatic and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, it may be more difficult for stockholders to sell a substantial number of shares for the same price at which stockholders could sell a smaller number of shares. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for biopharmaceutical companies, which have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. Additionally, market volatility arising from the COVID-19 pandemic may lead to increased shareholder activism if we experience a market valuation that they believe are not reflective of our stock s intrinsic value. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 We cannot predict what effect, if any, sales of our shares in the public market or the availability of shares for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. However, future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including shares issued upon exercise of our outstanding warrant or options, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We also expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner that we determine from time to time. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale and issuance of shares or other securities convertible into shares, our stockholders will be diluted. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 We are party to an at-the-market offering of our common stock pursuant to a sales agreement, as amended from time to time, between us and Jefferies. Subject to certain limitations in the sales agreement and compliance with applicable law, we may, in our sole discretion, deliver a placement notice to Jefferies at any time throughout the term of the sales agreement. The number of shares that are sold by Jefferies upon our delivery of a placement notice will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock during the sales period and limits we set with Jefferies. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock during the sales period, it is not possible to predict the number of shares that will be ultimately issued, if any, pursuant to the sales agreement. Issuances of any shares sold pursuant to the sales agreement will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. Further, if we sell common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in other transactions pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, existing investors may be materially diluted by such subsequent sales and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to control matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Based on the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, our executive officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned approximately 50 of our outstanding voting stock. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, will continue to have control over the outcome of corporate 
 72 

Table of Contents 

actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our organizational documents, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as or may even conflict with your interests. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change of control of our company, even if such a change of control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company or our assets and might affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. The significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock due to investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 
 permit only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the board; 
 provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 
 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 prohibit cumulative voting; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 The exclusive forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. It could apply, however, to a suit that falls within one or more of the categories enumerated in the exclusive forum provision. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In March 2020, we amended and restated our restated bylaws to provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint 
 73 

Table of Contents 

asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or a Federal Forum Provision. Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. 
 Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over the industry or securities analysts, or the content and opinions included in their reports. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if our preclinical studies and clinical trials and operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of such analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause a decline in our stock price or trading volume. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and future prospects, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and that we furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group and we rely on limited accounting and finance staff to compile the system and process documentation necessary to perform the annual evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may not be able to complete our annual evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we fail to identify and to remediate any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses that may be identified, or encounter problems or delays in the evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial 
 74 

Table of Contents 

reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, or NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive office is located in Waltham, Massachusetts. In August 2021, we exercised our one-time extension right through May 2025 for our existing lease for a total of approximately 32,405 square feet of office and laboratory space in three buildings that we use for our administrative, research and development and other activities. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, would have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity and reputational harm, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol MORF . Trading of our common stock commenced on June 26, 2019, following the completion of our initial public offering. Prior to that time, there was no established public trading market for our common stock. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were 16 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends to our stockholders since our inception and we do not plan to declare or pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business. Any future determination related to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 On June 26, 2019, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-231837) relating to our initial public offering, or IPO, of our common stock was declared effective by the SEC. Pursuant to such Registration Statement, we sold an aggregate of 6,900,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 15.00 per share for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately 93.3 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs. 
 We intend to use the remaining net proceeds from our IPO to fund the further development of our oral small-molecule integrin therapeutics, the further development of our platform to broaden our pipeline of product candidates and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding our equity compensation plans and the securities authorized for issuance thereunder is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 As a "smaller reporting company" as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 

Item 6. Reserved. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition to historical financial information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and belief. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, business strategy, market size, potential growth opportunities, preclinical and clinical development activities, efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates, use of net proceeds from our offerings, our ability to maintain and recognize the benefits of certain designations received by product candidates, the timing and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, commercial collaborations with third parties and the receipt and timing of potential regulatory designations, approvals and commercialization of product candidates. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, predict, target, intend, could, would, should, project, plan, expect, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company applying our proprietary insights into integrins to discover and develop a pipeline of potentially first-in-class oral small molecule integrin therapeutics. Integrins are a target class with multiple approved injectable blockbuster drugs for the treatment of serious chronic diseases, including autoimmune, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, fibrosis and cancer. To date, no oral small molecule integrin therapies have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. Despite this, we believe our unique platform can unlock the potential to reliably generate high-quality oral molecules against specific integrin targets. The Morphic integrin technology platform, or MInT Platform, was created leveraging our unique understanding of integrin structure and function to develop novel product candidates designed to achieve the potency, high selectivity, and pharmaceutical properties required for oral administration. We are advancing our pipeline, including our lead product candidate, MORF-057, an 4 7-specific integrin inhibitor affecting inflammation, into clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD. We submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND, for MORF-057 in July 2020, and the FDA permitted the study submitted under the IND to proceed in August 2020. In September 2020, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of MORF-057 in healthy volunteers to establish our clinical program and select doses for our Phase 2 program in IBD with an initial focus on ulcerative colitis, or UC. 
 The MORF-057 Phase 1 study included SAD, MAD, and FE, cohorts evaluating MORF-057 safety, pharmacokinetics, or PK, and pharmacodynamics, or PD. Healthy subjects were randomized 3:1 to receive a single dose of MORF-057 at 25, 50, 100, 150 and 400 mg or matching placebo in the SAD cohorts; or twice daily, or BID, doses of 25, 50 and 100 mg MORF-057 or matching placebo for a total of 14 days in the MAD cohorts. A total of 67 eligible healthy subjects were enrolled into the studies, with 36 in the SAD, nine in the FE and 22 in the MAD cohorts. 66 subjects completed study treatment and one from the 50 mg BID MAD cohort withdrew consent for personal reasons 
 MORF-057 was well tolerated in all cohorts and no safety signals were identified. MORF-057 demonstrated a favorable PK profile, where target engagement was confirmed, and a clear PK and PD relationship was established. MORF-057 was rapidly absorbed and systemic exposure was confirmed to increase approximately dose proportionally. A slight reduction in exposure without effect on trough concentrations was observed upon administration with a high fat meal in the FE study. The results suggest food intake has no impact on trough MORF-057 levels and that MORF-057 can be administered without regard to food in planned studies in patients. 
 4 7 RO increased with dose and study day, achieving saturation (>99 RO) in individual patients from all cohorts above 25 mg by day 14. In the 100 mg BID cohort, MORF-057 saturated the 4 7 receptor (mean RO >99 ). Dose-and time-dependent changes in biomarkers including specific 4 7 high expressing immune cell populations were observed, adding to evidence of proof of biology for MORF-057. These changes were consistent with those reported with other integrin inhibitors including the antibody drug vedolizumab which is approved for the treatment of IBD. 
 In an additional MORF-057 Phase 1 study, subjects were dosed up to 200 mg twice daily (BID) and those receiving MORF-057 at 100 BID or 200 mg BID demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation and statistically significant increases in circulating central memory, effector memory T lymphocyte and switched memory B lymphocyte populations compared with placebo. At the 25 
 78 

Table of Contents 

mg and 50 mg BID exploratory doses, directionally increasing trends were also observed in key PD measures. All doses were well tolerated, no safety signals were identified, and a favorable PK profile was observed. In both single doses of 200 mg MORF-057 and 200 mg BID over the 14 days, MORF-057 demonstrated 4 7 receptor saturation at C trough . Statistically significant changes in lymphocyte subset populations and CCR9 mRNA were observed, consistent with previous studies. 
 Based on the results from the Phase 1 studies, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial of MORF-057 in March 2022. EMERALD-1 (MORF-057-201), which is an open-label multi-center Phase 2a trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of MORF-057 in adults with moderate to severe UC, completed targeted enrollment in October 2022, with 30 patients enrolled in the study. Additionally, patients that were undergoing screening at the time the study completed targeted enrollment were enrolled in the study for a total of 35 patients enrolled in the main cohort. Enrollment of an exploratory cohort of up to ten patients who have previously failed treatment with vedolizumab is ongoing. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-1 study are being treated with 100 mg BID at sites in the United States and Poland. The primary endpoint of the trial is the change in RHI, a validated instrument that measures histological disease activity in ulcerative colitis at 12 weeks compared to baseline. Patients will then continue for an additional 40 weeks of maintenance therapy followed by a 52-week assessment. Secondary and additional outcome measures in the EMERALD-1 study include change in the modified Mayo clinic score, safety, PK parameters and key PD measures including 4 7 receptor occupancy and lymphocyte subset trafficking. We expect that primary endpoint data from the main cohort of the EMERALD-1 Phase 2a trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC will report in the second quarter of 2023. EMERALD-2 (MORF-057-202) which is a global Phase 2b randomized controlled trial of MORF-057 began dosing patients in November 2022. Patients enrolled in the EMERALD-2 study are randomized to receive one of three active arms or a placebo arm: 100 mg BID, 200 mg BID, and a QD (once daily) arm, or a placebo arm which will cross over to MORF-057 after the 12-week induction phase. The primary endpoint of the trial is the clinical remission rate as measured by the modified Mayo score at 12 weeks. The secondary endpoints will include the change in RHI, PK and PD measures, as well as safety parameters. Following the 12-week induction phase, patients will move to a 40-week maintenance phase. We believe that we will achieve completion of the primary endpoint from the EMERALD-2 Phase 2b trial of MORF-057 in patients with moderate to severe UC in the first half of 2025. Given the progress achieved with MORF-057, we paused a second-generation development candidate at the pre-IND stage during 2022, focusing on the advancement of MORF-057 through Phase 2 clinical programs. We continue to expand our 4 7 portfolio and have positioned next-generation 4 7 small molecule development candidates for clinical studies in the future. 
 In June 2022 we have reported that our collaboration with AbbVie Biotechnology, Ltd., or AbbVie, which was entered into in October 2018, or the AbbVie Agreement, had been terminated for convenience. The subject of this collaboration was selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors we had developed for the treatment of fibrotic diseases including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, and additional indications under our collaboration with AbbVie. In August 2020, AbbVie exercised an option to license our v 6-specific integrin inhibitor program and made a one-time 20.0 million payment to us. AbbVie informed us that it did not intend to advance any of our selective oral v 6-specific integrin inhibitors due to a suspected on-target v 6-mediated safety signal that has been observed in pre-clinical testing, the details of which were published in the Society for Toxicology journal in December 2022. The AbbVie Agreement terminated effective December 2022, and as a result we will not receive any additional payments thereunder. 
 In February 2019, we entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Janssen, to develop novel integrin therapeutics, or the Janssen Agreement. In February 2021 Janssen paid us 5.0 million to commence work on a third research program to discover antibody activators against a specific integrin target. In December 2021, Janssen informed us that they had decided not to exercise the options on the first two integrin targets and focused efforts on the third integrin research program which includes the potential development of integrin antibody activators. The first two integrin targets were r eturned to us due to a lack of target validation in the specific disease of Janssen's interest. In January 2023, we received notice from Janssen that they had elected to terminate the agreement. The termination will be effective within 60 days of January 13, 2023, and as a result we do not expect to receive any additional payments under the Janssen Agreement except for potential nominal amounts related to research services completed in 2023 prior to termination. 
 Beyond our lead target, MORF-057, we are using our MInT Platform to advance a broad pipeline of preclinical programs across a variety of therapeutic areas, all of which aim to harness the potential of inhibition or activation of an integrin receptor. Additional wholly-owned programs have advanced near to or into the lead optimization phase of discovery. We presented positive preclinical data from our v 8 program at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in April 2021, demonstrating anti-tumor activity in checkpoint refractory cancer models and we are continuing our focus on advancing our v 8 program. We also have additional research stage programs ongoing against fibronectin integrin targets in pulmonary hypertensive diseases including pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and other therapeutic areas. Integrins are known to promote cell proliferation, survival, hypertrophic growth and fibrosis, which are key elements in the progression of PAH. 
 In March 2021, we announced an upsized underwritten public offering of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 70.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 230.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses paid by us. 
 In July 2020, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the Original Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, with respect to an at-the-market offering program, or the Previous ATM, under which we could offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, having an aggregate offering amount of up to 75,000,000, referred to as Placement Shares, through Jefferies as sales agent. In August 2021, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Original 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Agreement with Jefferies, or the New ATM, to increase the total value of Placement Shares subject to offer and sale to up to an aggregate offering amount of up to 150,000,000. We refer to the Previous ATM and the New ATM, collectively, as the ATM. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1,000,000 shares were issued under the New ATM for net proceeds of 39.2 million, after deducting offering commissions and expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 97.2 million of common stock remaining available for sale under the New ATM. We may not sell any Placement Shares under the Previous ATM. 
 Since inception, our operations have focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, establishing our intellectual property portfolio, and performing research to discover and develop oral small-molecule integrin therapeutics. Revenue generation activities to date have been limited to payments received from our collaboration agreements with AbbVie and Janssen, discussed further in Note 12 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. From inception through December 31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of approximately 743.0 million of gross proceeds primarily through the issuance of equity, including our convertible preferred equity securities, our initial public offering, our underwritten public offering in March 2021, and sales of shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM, along with payments received under our collaboration agreements. 
 Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 297.1 million. We expect to continue to incur significant and increasing expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future, as we advance our current and future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development, seek regulatory approval for them, maintain and expand our intellectual property portfolio, hire additional research and development and business personnel, and operate as a public company. 
 We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and do not enter into a third-party commercialization partnership, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our commercialization capability to support product sales, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution activities. 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of public or private equity offerings and debt financings or other sources, such as additional collaboration agreements. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 348.2 million. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with the 100.0 million raised in our private issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in February 2023, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second half of 2026. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to present public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, patients, communities and business operations, as well as the U.S. economy and financial markets. The extent of the ongoing impact of COVID-19 including supply chain disruptions, as well as other economic conditions and trends including increases in consumer prices, inflation, the rise in interest rates and ongoing labor shortage, on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, the rise of variants that may be less responsive to existing vaccines, the impact on our clinical and preclinical studies, employee or industry events, and the effect on our suppliers and manufacturers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Although we currently have not experienced much of an impact on our business, excluding minor changes to our development timelines, if there are closures or other restrictions in places where we or our vendors work or transport supply that may result in constrained supply of our product candidates or delays in our clinical and preclinical studies or planned clinical trials, our business, results of operations and overall financial performance in future periods could be materially adversely impacted. In addition, we have experienced impacts from changes in how we and companies worldwide conduct business due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including but not limited to restrictions on travel and in-person meetings, delays in future site activations and future enrollment of clinical trials, prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 pandemic effort, and delays in review by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies. As of the filing date of this Form 10-K, the extent to which COVID-19 and other economic conditions and trends or geo-political actions, including the current armed conflict in Ukraine, may impact our financial condition, results of operations or guidance is uncertain and the effects thereof may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial performance until future periods. See Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, general economic conditions and geo-political actions on our business. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Financial Operations Overview 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 We do not have any products approved for sale, and as a result, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the foreseeable future. 
 To date, all of our collaboration revenue has been derived from collaboration agreements with AbbVie and Janssen. Our collaborations with AbbVie and Janssen are now concluded, and prospectively we remain open to opportunistically evaluating and entering into strategic partnerships around certain therapeutic candidates, geographic markets or disease areas. We expect that our revenue, until we have a marketed product, will be derived primarily from payments under collaboration and license agreements that we may enter into in the future, if any. 
 Collaboration Revenue AbbVie 
 In October 2018, we entered into a collaboration with AbbVie, an investor that held approximately 5 of our common stock at the time of the agreement, designed to advance a number of our oral integrin therapeutics for fibrosis-related indications. Under the terms of the AbbVie Agreement, AbbVie paid us an upfront payment of 100.0 million for research and development activities, and we provided to AbbVie exclusive license options on product candidates directed at multiple targets. In August 2020, AbbVie exercised its option to license the selective v 6-specific integrin inhibitors program and paid us a one-time payment of 20.0 million. 
 In June 2022, AbbVie informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement for convenience, which termination became effective in December 2022. 
 Collaboration Revenue Janssen 
 In February 2019, we entered into the Janssen Agreement to discover and develop novel integrin therapeutics for patients with conditions not adequately addressed by current therapies. The Janssen Agreement focused on three integrin targets, each target the subject of a research program, with the ability to substitute up to two integrin targets not explored by us. In consideration for certain rights granted under the Janssen Agreement, during 2019 Janssen paid us an upfront commencement fee of 10.0 million for each of the first two research programs, and in February 2021 Janssen paid us an upfront commencement fee of 5.0 million for the third research program. In December 2021, Janssen informed us that it had decided not to exercise the options on the first two integrin targets which resulted in a reduction in scope of our responsibilities under the Janssen Agreement. In January 2023, Janssen informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the Janssen Agreement for convenience, subject to a 60 day notification period. The Janssen Agreement will terminate effective March 2023 or earlier if agreed to by us and Janssen. 
 
 Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research and development activities, including our product candidate discovery efforts and preclinical studies under our research programs, which include: 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and equity-based compensation expense for our research and development personnel; 
 costs of funding research performed by third parties that conduct research and development and preclinical activities on our behalf; 
 costs of manufacturing clinical supply related to any of our current or future product candidates; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs and investigative sites that conduct our clinical trials; 
 costs of conducting preclinical studies of any of our current or future product candidates; 
 consulting and professional fees related to research and development activities, including equity-based compensation to non-employees; 
 costs of purchasing laboratory supplies and non-capital equipment used in our preclinical studies; 
 costs related to compliance with clinical regulatory requirements; 
 81 

Table of Contents 

facility costs and other allocated expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance, depreciation and other supplies; and 
 fees for maintaining licenses and other amounts due under our third-party licensing agreements. 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs for certain activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as information provided to us by our vendors and analyzing the progress of our preclinical studies or other services performed. Significant judgment and estimates are made in determining the accrued expense balances at the end of any reporting period. Non-refundable advance payments for research and development goods or services to be received in the future from third parties are capitalized and expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As such, at this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete our future product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from the sale of our product candidates, if approved. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing product candidates, including the uncertainty of: 
 the scope, rate of progress, and expenses of our ongoing research activities as well as any additional preclinical studies and clinical trials and other research and development activities; 
 establishing an appropriate safety profile; 
 successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 
 whether our product candidates show safety and efficacy in our clinical trials; 
 receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities, if any; 
 establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 
 commercializing the product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
 continued acceptable safety profile of the products following any regulatory approval. 
 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of our current and future product candidates would significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of those product candidates. 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect research and development costs to increase significantly for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our product candidates. However, we do not believe that it is possible at this time to accurately project total program-specific expenses through commercialization. There are numerous factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of our product candidates, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development. Additionally, future commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control will impact our clinical development programs and plans. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and equity-based compensation expenses for personnel in executive, finance, accounting, business development, legal, and human resources functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters, and fees for accounting and consulting services. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as our business expands to support expected growth in research and development activities, including our future clinical programs. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants, among other expenses. We also incur expenses associated with being a public company, including costs for audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, and listing standards applicable to companies listed on Nasdaq, director and officer compensation and insurance premiums, and investor relations costs. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates and do not enter into a third-party commercialization collaboration, we expect to incur significant general and administrative expenses related to supporting product sales, marketing and distribution activities. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Interest Income, Net 
 Interest income, net consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 (Provision for) Benefit from Income Tax Expense 
 We record a provision or benefit for income taxes on pre-tax income or loss based on our effective tax rate for the year. For additional details about the current year tax provision, refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Collaboration revenue 70,808 19,794 51,014 258 Operating expenses: Research and development 102,062 87,789 14,273 16 General and administrative 32,142 27,811 4,331 16 Total operating expenses 134,204 115,600 18,604 16 Loss from operations (63,396) (95,806) 32,410 (34) Other income: Interest income, net 4,567 272 4,295 1,579 Other expense (145) (8) (137) 1,713 Total other income, net 4,422 264 4,158 1,575 Loss before benefit from income taxes (58,974) (95,542) 36,568 (38) Provision for income taxes (67) (67) Net loss (59,041) (95,542) 36,501 (38) 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The increase in collaboration revenue of 51.0 million is attributable the conclusion of the AbbVie Agreement and reduction in the scope of the Janssen Agreement. In Q2 2022, we decreased our estimates to complete the remaining performance obligations under the AbbVie Agreement and recorded a cumulative catch-up to revenue based on AbbVie's notification of exercise of their option to terminate the AbbVie Agreement effective December 2022. In Q4 2022, we decreased our estimates to complete the remaining performance obligations under the Janssen Agreement based on changes in expected effort and the timing of the research services for the third integrin research program. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expense increased by 14.3 million, or 16 from 87.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 102.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. A significant portion of our research and development costs have been external clinical and preclinical CRO costs, which we track on a program-by-program basis related to a clinical product candidate, once the candidate has been identified. Our internal research and development costs are primarily personnel-related costs, depreciation, and other indirect costs. The following table summarizes our research and development expense for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) External costs by program: MORF-057 37,826 31,467 6,359 20 AbbVie Agreement programs 155 2,759 (2,604) (94) Janssen Agreement programs 1,263 1,751 (488) (28) v 8 Program 11,899 8,924 2,975 33 Other early development candidates and unallocated costs 10,149 6,516 3,633 56 Total external costs 61,292 51,417 9,875 19 Internal costs: Employee compensation and benefits 36,673 32,150 4,523 14 Facility and other 4,097 4,222 (125) (3) Total internal costs 40,770 36,372 4,398 12 Total research and development expense 102,062 87,789 14,273 16 
 The changes in research and development expense were primarily attributable to the following: 
 The 9.9 million increase in external costs from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to costs associated with the ongoing Phase 2 clinical studies and other development activities for MORF-057 and development milestone fees due to our collaborators as well as other external research costs to support our early development candidates, including v 8. These increases were partially offset by decreases in activity under the AbbVie Agreement and the Janssen Agreement. 
 The 4.4 million increase in internal costs from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in non-cash equity-based compensation expense, subscriptions and executive searches to support the ongoing clinical activity for MORF-057 as well as our early-stage pipeline candidates. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expense increased by 4.3 million, or 16 , from 27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to a 4.2 million increase in non-cash equity-based compensation expense and a 0.8 million increase in legal and patent costs, partially offset by 0.5 million and 0.2 million decreases in consulting expenses and audit and tax fees, respectively. 
 Interest Income, Net 
 Interest income increased by 4.3 million due to an increase in yields earned on cash equivalents and marketable securities and an increase in invested marketable securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Collaboration revenue 19,794 44,945 (25,151) (56) Operating expenses: Research and development 87,789 73,630 14,159 19 General and administrative 27,811 18,495 9,316 50 Total operating expenses 115,600 92,125 23,475 25 Loss from operations (95,806) (47,180) (48,626) 103 Other income: Interest income, net 272 1,630 (1,358) (83) Other expense (8) (19) 11 (58) Total other income, net 264 1,611 (1,347) (84) Loss before benefit from income taxes (95,542) (45,569) (49,973) 110 Benefit from income taxes 570 (570) (100) Net loss (95,542) (44,999) (50,543) 112 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The increase in collaboration revenue of 25.2 million is primarily attributable to a decrease in activity under the AbbVie Agreement. In the prior year period, AbbVie exercised its option for the selective v 6 -specific integrin inhibitors program resulting in the payment of a 20.0 million option exercise payment from AbbVie, which was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020. Further, upon the AbbVie option exercise, we revised our estimates to complete the remaining performance obligations under the v 6 -specific integrin inhibitors program, which resulted in an increase in revenue during the prior year period. Offsetting the decrease in collaboration revenue from the prior year, based on recent scientific results, we decreased our estimates to complete the remaining performance obligations under the AbbVie Agreement based on changes in expected effort and the timing of the research services, which resulted in us recognizing 6.2 million in revenue in Q4 2021. The revenue for our collaborations fluctuates based on the timing and magnitude of costs incurred under the collaboration programs, as well as changes to our estimates to complete the remaining performance obligations. The contract modification for the Janssen Agreement did not have a material effect on the collaboration revenue. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expense increased by 14.2 million, or 19 from 73.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 87.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. A significant portion of our research and development costs have been external clinical and preclinical contract research organization CRO costs, which we track on a program-by-program basis related to a clinical product candidate, once the candidate has been identified. Our internal research and development costs are primarily personnel-related costs, depreciation, and other indirect costs. The following table summarizes our research and development expense for years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) External costs by program: MORF-057 31,467 24,122 7,345 30 AbbVie Agreement programs 2,759 8,679 (5,920) (68) Janssen Agreement programs 1,751 2,680 (929) (35) v 8 Program 8,924 4,489 4,435 99 Other early development candidates and unallocated costs 6,516 4,566 1,950 43 Total external costs 51,417 44,536 6,881 15 Internal costs: Employee compensation and benefits 32,150 25,158 6,992 28 Facility and other 4,222 3,936 286 7 Total internal costs 36,372 29,094 7,278 25 Total research and development expense 87,789 73,630 14,159 19 
 The changes in research and development expense were primarily attributable to the following: 
 The 6.9 million increase in external costs from the year ended December 31, 2020 to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to manufacturing costs and other development activities to support Phase 2 clinical studies for MORF-057, as well as other external research costs to support our early development candidates, including v 8. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in expenditures associated with the v 6 program as a result of the option exercise by AbbVie in August 2020 and decreases in activity regarding other programs with AbbVie and Janssen. 
 The 7.3 million increase in internal costs from the year ended December 31, 2020 to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in headcount to support the ongoing clinical activity for MORF-057 as well as our early-stage pipeline candidates. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expense increased by 9.3 million, or 50 , from 18.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to a 6.4 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense, a 1.2 million increase in personnel costs, a 0.8 million increase in consulting fees, a 0.6 million increase in professional fees primarily due to increases in legal and accounting expenses related to public company administrative costs and a 0.4 million increase in D O insurance premiums. 
 Interest Income, Net 
 Interest income decreased by 1.4 million due to a decrease in yields earned on marketable securities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Benefit from Income Tax 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act included several income tax changes, including allowing for the carryback of net operating losses, expanding interest deductibility, and allowing for accelerated expensing of 
 86 

Table of Contents 

certain capital improvements. Based on the anticipated recovery of the federal income tax paid for the December 31, 2019 tax period, we recognized an income tax benefit of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 From inception through December 31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of approximately 743.0 million of gross proceeds primarily through the issuance of equity, including our convertible preferred equity securities, our IPO and follow-on equity offering, and sales of shares of our common stock under the ATM, as well as through payments received under collaboration agreements. 
 The following table provides information regarding our total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, each of which are stated at their respective fair values as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash 458 292 Cash equivalents 58,814 171,142 Marketable securities 288,976 236,701 Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 348,248 408,135 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (100,977) (83,461) (45,990) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (56,451) (113,180) 8,181 Net cash provided by financing activities 45,266 266,313 38,297 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (112,162) 69,672 488 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 The use of cash in all periods resulted primarily from our net losses adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in components of working capital. Net cash used in operating activities was 101.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 83.5 million in cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by a 61.8 million decrease in operating assets and liabilities, principally due a 52.8 million decrease in in deferred revenue, a 3.2 million increase in accounts receivable and a 2.5 million decrease in accounts payable, partially offset by a 36.5 million decrease in net loss and a 7.9 million increase in equity-based compensation. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 46.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in cash used in operating activities between the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily driven by a 50.5 million increase in net loss in the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities, and a 10.1 million increase equity-based compensation. The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to the 20.0 million option exercise payment from AbbVie in 2020 as well as a 23.5 million increase in operating expenses in 2021. 
 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 56.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 113.2 million used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in cash used in investing activities is primarily based on the timing of purchases or maturities in marketable securities in the period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities primarily resulted from purchases of marketable securities exceeding maturities and sales of marketable securities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the increase in cash used in investing activities was due to an 
 87 

Table of Contents 

increase in investments in marketable securities in the form of proceeds from the underwritten public offering completed in March 2021. 
 Cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily resulted from proceeds from maturities of marketable securities exceeding purchases of marketable securities by 8.7 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 45.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from 39.2 million in net proceeds received from sales of shares of common stock under the ATM and 6.1 million in proceeds received from issuance of common shares under 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP and stock option exercises. Net cash provided by financing activities of 266.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily resulted from the 230.0 million in net proceeds received from the underwritten public offering completed in March 2021, 25.7 million in net proceeds received from sales of shares of common stock under the ATM, and 10.6 million in proceeds received from issuance of common shares under ESPP and stock option exercises. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 resulted from 33.7 million in net proceeds received from sales of shares of common stock under the ATM and 4.6 million from the issuance of common shares under ESPP and stock option exercises. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue research and development, conduct clinical trials, and seek marketing approval for our current and any of our future product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our current or our future product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, which costs we might offset through entry into collaboration agreements with third parties. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, including, but not limited to, as a result macroeconomic factors relating to COVID-19, the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine, inflation, or rising interest rates, we would be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. We expect our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with the 100.0 million raised in our private issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in February 2023, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second half of 2026. 
 
 On February 13, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant with existing investors for a private placement where we agreed to sell and issue 848,655 shares of our common stock at a price of 35.35 per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase 1,980,198 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 35.3499 where each pre-funded warrant has an exercise price of 0.0001 per share (the Pre-Funded Warrants ). We received aggregate net proceeds of approximately 100.0 million before deducting costs and offering expenses payable by us. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and will not expire. Per their terms, the outstanding Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock generally may not be exercised if the holder s aggregate beneficial ownership would be more than 9.99 of the total issued and outstanding shares of our common stock following such exercise. The exercise price per share and number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant shares are subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends and splits, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in the Pre-Funded Warrant agreement. 
 We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the costs of conducting additional clinical and preclinical studies and future clinical trials; 
 the costs of future manufacturing; 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing, and clinical trials for other potential product candidates we may develop, if any; 
 the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 
 our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; 
 the achievement of milestones or occurrence of other developments that trigger payments under any collaboration agreements we might have at such time; 
 the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 88 

Table of Contents 

the amount of revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, and defending intellectual property-related claims; 
 our ability to file and prosecute patent applications, obtain, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights, and defend intellectual property-related claims in certain countries that are subject to economic sanctions and/or hostile to U.S. and international companies; 
 our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our business operations and research and development activities; 
 the potential delays in our preclinical studies, our development programs and our current and planned clinical trials due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (including supply chain interruptions) or geo-political actions, including war (such as the current armed conflict in Ukraine); 
 general economic conditions and trends, including inflation, rising interest rates, and the ongoing labor shortage; and 
 the cost of operating as a public company. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
 This management s discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our judgments and estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts, and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates, if any, will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the date of change in estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements require the most significant judgments and estimates. 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 Through December 31, 2022, all of our revenue to date has been generated from the AbbVie Agreement and Janssen Agreement. We account for revenue pursuant to ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, or ASC 606, which is a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. For additional details regarding our associated accounting policies of ASC 606, refer to Notes 2 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates to determine amounts to be recognized in collaboration revenue. In particular, for our collaborations with AbbVie and Janssen, revenue attributable to research services is recognized as those services are provided, based on the costs incurred to date in proportion to total costs expected to satisfy those performance obligations. The estimated costs associated with the remaining effort requires judgment and impacts revenue recognition. The uncertainties in the estimated costs associated with the remaining effort is principally a result of those cost estimates being based on expected effort for novel research and is partially reliant on scientific results. The research and scientific results impact the timing and the magnitude of costs to complete the remaining performance obligations. Accordingly, revenue may fluctuate from period to period due to significant revisions to estimated costs, resulting in a change in the measure of progress for a performance obligation. The services provided by us under the AbbVie Agreement were completed in December 2022. We do not expect to recognize any further revenue related to the AbbVie Agreement. In January 2023, Janssen informed us that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the Janssen Agreement for convenience, subject to a 60 day notification period. The Janssen Agreement will terminate effective March 2023 or earlier if agreed to by us and Janssen. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our 
 89 

Table of Contents 

personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed or when contractual milestones are met. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and adjust, if necessary. The significant estimates in our accrued research and development expenses include the costs incurred for services performed by our vendors in connection with research and development activities for which we have not yet been invoiced. In certain instances, we prepay for services to be provided in the future. These amounts are expensed as the services are performed. 
 We base our expenses related to research and development activities on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with vendors that conduct research and development on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the research and development expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid balance accordingly. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts incurred. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 We measure employee and nonemployee equity-based compensation based on the grant date fair value of the equity-based awards and recognize equity-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. We recognize forfeitures as they occur. 
 We estimate the fair value of stock option awards granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which uses as inputs, the fair value of our common stock and subjective assumptions we make, including the expected stock price volatility, the expected term of the award, the risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. Due to insufficient company-specific historical data, we base the estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a representative group of publicly traded companies for which historical information is available in addition to our own historical volatility. The historical volatility is generally calculated based on a period of time commensurate with the expected term assumption. We use the simplified method to calculate the expected term for options granted to employees and directors. We utilize this method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. For options granted to non-employees, we utilize the contractual term. The risk-free interest rate is based on a U.S. Treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected term of the stock options. The expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero, as we have never paid dividends and do not have current plans to pay any dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 In August 2021, we exercised our one-time extension right for its existing lease for 32,405 square feet of office and laboratory space through May 2025, as provided for under the terms of the lease, and with future rent payments of 4.2 million as reflected in Note 6, "Leases", to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with additional other rent payments of 0.3 million to be paid in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, our contractual obligations for our primary office and laboratory space remain consistent with those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We entered into contracts with a number of third parties, including external CROs, that require us to make upfront payments, some of which may be non-refundable. Under various licensing and related agreements with third parties, we have agreed to make milestone payments and pay royalties to third parties. Pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with Children s Medical Center Corporation, as amended in 2018, we are required to pay 80,000 per year until the agreement is terminated. We will also be responsible for up to 1.3 million of development milestone payments through the first regulatory approval of a licensed product, tiered royalty payments of low single-digit percentages on net sales of licensed products in the event that we realize sales from products covered by the license agreement, and between 10 and 20 of non-royalty income attributable to a sublicense of the CMCC rights. Amounts paid to CMCC are recorded as research and development expense in the statements of operations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to a collaboration agreement with Schr dinger, we may be required to pay Schr dinger certain development milestones, not to exceed in the aggregate, on a target-by-target basis, a low six-figure payment upon initiation of lead optimization and 3.1 million on a compound-by-compound basis, as well as royalties in the low single digits on sales of products containing such compounds. In addition, we have agreed to pay Schr dinger a percentage, in the mid-single digits, of certain payments we receive from third parties in connection with the licensing or transfer of the rights to exploit such compounds to such third parties, including a one-time fee of 1.0 million paid in 2019. 
 We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with vendors for preclinical studies, preclinical and clinical supply and manufacturing services, professional consultants for expert advice, and other vendors for other services for operating purposes. We have not included these payments in the table of contractual obligations above since the contracts do not contain any minimum purchase commitments and are cancelable at any time by us, generally upon 30 days prior written notice, and therefore we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 We have reviewed all recently issued standards and have determined that such standards will not have a material impact on our financial statements or do not otherwise apply to our operations. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data. 
 MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 6 

92 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Morphic Holding, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Morphic Holding, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 February 23, 2023 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current portion Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Operating lease liability, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders Equity Preferred shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (In thousands, except share and per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Collaboration revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income: Interest income, net Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other income, net Loss before (provision for) benefit from income taxes ) ) ) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized holding losses on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except share data) 
 Common Shares Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Equity-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted shares Issuance of common shares upon stock option exercises Issuance of common shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common shares through at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Unrealized holding losses on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Equity based compensation expense Vesting of restricted shares Issuance of common shares upon stock option exercises Issuance of common shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common shares through at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Issuance of common shares in secondary offering, net of offering costs of million 
 Unrealized holding losses on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Equity based compensation expense Vesting of restricted shares Issuance of common shares upon stock option exercises Issuance of common shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common shares through at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Unrealized holding losses on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Premium amortization and discount accretion on marketable securities Equity based compensation Loss on sale of marketable securities Loss on disposal of equipment Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses Deferred revenue ) ) ) Deferred rent ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common shares under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Proceeds from at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from secondary offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common shares upon stock option exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Non-cash activities: Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Amounts from exercise of stock options included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Issuance costs included in accounts payable Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 million, referred to as Placement Shares, through Jefferies as its sales agent. The Company paid Jefferies a commission equal to of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through Jefferies under the Original Agreement, and also has provided Jefferies with customary indemnification and contribution rights. On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the Original Agreement with Jefferies, establishing a new at-the-market offering New ATM with an aggregate offering price of up to million, also subject to a commission equal to of gross sales proceeds from Placement Shares sold through Jefferies. Under the New ATM, the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of its common stock, referred to as Placement Shares, through Jefferies as its sales agent. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares for net proceeds of million after deducting offering commissions and offering expenses paid by the Company under the New ATM. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of common stock remaining available for sale under the New ATM. 
 In March 2021, the Company completed an underwritten follow-on public offering of shares of its common stock at a price to the public of per share. Gross proceeds from the secondary offering were approximately million, before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses of approximately million, paid by the Company, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 2. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

billion. 
 Accounts receivable generally represent amounts due from Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The Company monitors economic conditions to identify facts or circumstances that may indicate that any of its accounts receivable are at risk of collection. To date, the Company has not experienced any losses with respect to the collection of its accounts receivable. 
 The Company has no off-balance sheet risk, such as foreign exchange contracts, option contracts, or other foreign-hedging arrangements. 
 Restricted cash consists of cash collateralizing a letter of credit in the amount of issued to the landlord of the Company s facility lease as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The letter of credit and cash collateralizing it increased to in August 2021 due to the operating lease extension discussed further in Note 6. The terms of the letter of credit extend beyond . 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognized net unrealized losses of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company assesses its available-for-sale debt securities under the available-for-sale debt security impairment model in ASC 326 as of each reporting date in order to determine if a portion of any decline in fair value below carrying value recognized on its available-for-sale debt securities is the result of a credit loss. The Company records credit losses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as credit loss expense within other expense, net, which is limited to the difference between the fair value and the amortized cost of the marketable security. To date, the Company has not recorded any credit losses on its available-for-sale debt securities. 
 Accrued interest receivable related to the Company s available-for-sale debt securities is presented within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from both the fair value and the amortized cost basis of available-for-sale debt securities for the purposes of identifying and measuring any impairment. The Company writes off accrued interest receivable once it has determined that the asset is not realizable. Any write offs of accrued interest receivable are recorded by reversing interest income, recognizing credit loss expense, or a combination of both. To date, the Company has not written off any accrued interest receivables associated with its marketable securities. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and million in interest income, respectively. 

Computers and software - 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the useful life or the remaining term of the lease 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

operating segment operating in the United States and the U.K. 
 agreements with AbbVie and Janssen that have been accounted for pursuant to ASC 606. 
 Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract(s) with the customer, (ii) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract and determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, (iii) measurement of the transaction price, (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. 
 The Company accounts for a contract with a customer that is within the scope of ASC 606 when all of the following criteria are met: (i) the arrangement has been approved by the parties and the parties are committed to perform their respective obligations, (ii) each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred can be identified, (iii) the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred can be identified, (iv) the arrangement has commercial substance and (v) collection of substantially all of the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer is probable. 
 Performance obligations are promised goods or services in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. Promised goods or services are considered distinct when: (i) the customer can benefit from the good or service on its own or together with other readily available resources and (ii) the promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Options to purchase additional goods or services are considered to be marketing offers and are to be accounted for as separate contracts when the customer elects such options, unless the Company determines the option provides a material right which would not be provided without entering into the contract. If, however, an option is determined to provide a material right that would not be provided without entering into a contract, a portion of the transaction price is allocated to such option. 
 The Company estimates the transaction price based on the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive for transferring the promised goods or services in the contract. The consideration may include both fixed consideration and variable consideration. At the inception of each arrangement that includes variable consideration, the Company evaluates the amount of the potential payments and the likelihood that the payments will be received. The Company utilizes either the most likely amount method or expected value method to estimate the transaction price based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration expected to be received. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the variable consideration is included in the transaction price. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

Please refer to Note 9 for additional information. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, comprehensive loss included million, million and million, respectively, in unrealized holding losses, net on marketable securities. 

shares of its common stock at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a purchase price of per pre-funded warrant, where each pre-funded warrant has an exercise price of (the Pre-Funded Warrants ). The Company received aggregate net proceeds of approximately million before deducting costs and offering expenses payable by the Company. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and will not expire. Per their terms, the outstanding Pre-Funded Warrants generally may not be exercised if the holder s aggregate beneficial ownership would be more than of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock following such exercise. The exercise price per share and number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant shares are subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividends and splits, recapitalization, reorganization or similar transaction, as described in the Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 
 3. 
 
 F-12 

Marketable securities: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total assets 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. Treasury securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total assets 
 Cash equivalents consist of money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities as of December 31, 2022 and money market funds as of December 31, 2021. The money market funds included in the tables above invest in U.S. government securities that are valued using quoted market prices. Accordingly, money market funds are categorized as Level 1 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Marketable securities included in the tables above consist of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government- sponsored enterprise securities, commercial paper and corporate bonds, and these securities are categorized as Level 2 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no assets were transferred between the fair value hierarchy categories. The Company had liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 4. 
 ) U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities within 2 years ) Commercial paper less than 1 year Corporate bonds within 2 years ) Total marketable securities ) 
 
 F-13 

) Commercial paper less than 1 year ) Corporate bonds within 2 years ) Total marketable securities ) 
 
 All of the Company s investments are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company considers all available-for-sale securities, including those with maturity dates beyond 12 months, as available to support current operational liquidity needs and therefore classifies all available-for-sale securities as current assets. 
 The Company determined that there was no material change in the credit risk of the above investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As such, an allowance for credit losses was not recognized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not intend to sell such securities and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 
 Computers and software Leasehold improvements Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 square feet of office and laboratory space through May 2025, as provided for under the terms of the lease. Since the exercise of the one-time extension right for its existing lease did not qualify to be accounted for as a separate lease, the Company accounted for the exercise of the one-time extension right as a contract modification. 
 The Company reassessed the lease classification for the Company s corporate headquarters as of the effective date of the modification using the modified terms and conditions and the facts and circumstances as of that date. This included using the remaining economic life of the underlying asset on that date, the discount rate for the lease on that date and a remeasurement and reallocation of the remaining consideration in the contract on that date. The Company concluded that the lease continues to be classified as an operating lease, reassessed the IBR as of the effective date of the modification, and remeasured the lease liability and ROU asset. 
 
 F-14 

Accrued expenses (1) 
 Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 (1) The short-term portion of operating lease liabilities is included within accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Other supplemental information 
 Other supplemental operating lease information is summarized as follows (in thousands, except for years and discount rate): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate 
 Maturities of lease commitments 
 2024 2025 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized operating lease expense of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 Research and development activities Current portion of operating lease liability Other expenses 
 F-15 

8. 
 vote for each share of common stock held. 
 Dividends 
 The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the Company s board of directors. Cash dividends may not be declared or paid to holders of shares of common stock until all unpaid dividends on any preferred stock outstanding have been paid in accordance with their terms. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, preferred stock was outstanding. dividends have been declared or paid by the Company to the holders of common stock since the issuance of the common stock. 
 Liquidation 
 Holders of the common shares are entitled to receive distributions of cash, including in the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, which preference is junior to the liquidation preference of any preferred stockholders. After any preferred stockholders have received their respective preferred distributions, any assets remaining for distribution shall be distributed to the holders of preferred or common shares determined on an as-converted basis. 
 
 9. 
 million shares in January 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of million shares available for future award grants under the 2019 Plan. 
 Restricted common stock Restricted stock units Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of equity-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, by expense category (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Research and development expense General and administrative expense Total 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited Unvested restricted common stock as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized equity-based compensation expense related to the restricted common stock. The total fair value of restricted common stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized equity-based compensation expense of million related to the restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

Total cash received from exercises of stock options Total intrinsic market value of stock options exercised 
 Expected term (in years) years years years Expected volatility 
 The expected term of options granted has been determined based upon the simplified method, because the Company does not have sufficient historical information regarding its options to derive the expected term. Under this approach, the expected term for employee and director stock options is the mid-point between the weighted average of vesting period and the contractual term. The Company determines the volatility for options granted based on the historical volatility of a representative group of publicly traded companies for which historical information is available in addition to the Company s own historical volatility. The historical volatility is generally calculated based on a period of time commensurate with the expected term assumption. The risk-free interest rate is based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury instrument with terms consistent with the term of the stock options. The Company has not paid and does not anticipate paying cash dividends on shares of common stock; therefore, the expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized equity-based compensation expense of million related to stock options issued to employees and non-employees, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In 2019, the Company adopted the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which became effective on June 26, 2019. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for sale under the ESPP. As a result of the automatic increase provision of the ESPP, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP increased by million shares on January 1, 2022. The ESPP is a qualified, compensatory plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and offers substantially all employees opportunity to purchase up to of common stock per year at discount to the lower of the beginning of the offering period price or the end of the offering period price. 
 Compensation expense for discounted purchases under the ESPP is measured using the Black-Scholes model to compute the fair value of the lookback provision plus the purchase discount and is recognized as compensation expense over the course of the offering period. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

10.) ) ) Foreign Total ) ) ) 
 ) State ) Foreign Total current tax (benefit) provision ) Deferred: Federal State Foreign Total deferred tax (benefit) provision Total income tax (benefit) provision ) 
 
 State taxes Equity-based compensation ) Non-deductible expenses ) ) ) Federal research and development credits Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) ) 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

Capitalized research and experimental expenditures Research and development credit carryforwards Equity-based compensation Fixed and intangible assets Reserves and accruals Lease liabilities Deferred revenue Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Subtotal Right-of-use assets ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Prepaid expense ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 
 As required by ASC 740, the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are composed principally of collaboration revenue that has been recognized as taxable but remains deferred for book reporting as of year end and net operating loss carryfowards. The Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of its federal and state deferred tax assets, and, as a result, a valuation allowance of million and million has been established at 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Beginning in 2022, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA amended Section 174 and now requires U.S.-based and non-U.S.-based research and experimental R E expenditures to be capitalized and amortized over a period of five or 15 years, respectively, for amounts paid in tax years starting after December 31, 2021. Prior to the TCJA amendment, Section 174 allowed taxpayers to immediately deduct R E expenditures in the year paid or incurred. The Company has applied this required change in accounting method beginning in 2022 and the computation may be adjusted pending future IRS guidance. 
 
 The Company has incurred net operating losses NOLs from inception. At December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income, that expire beginning in 2037, with million of the federal NOLs having an unlimited carryover life. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also has federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, to offset future income taxes, which will begin to expire beginning in December 2032. The Company s NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the appropriate taxing authorities. The company continues to review its historic ownership changes to determine if there are any IRC 382 limitations which may limit the annual utilization of the NOLs. 
 
 The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which specifies how tax benefits for uncertain tax positions are to be recognized, measured, and recorded in financial statements; requires certain disclosures of uncertain tax matters; specifies how reserves for uncertain tax positions should be classified on the balance sheet; and provides transition and interim period guidance, among other provisions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. The Company has not identified any uncertain positions with respect to the credit computations. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense, if any, in its statements of operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, estimated interest or penalties were recognized on uncertain tax positions. The Company does not expect any significant change in its uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a benefit from income taxes of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The benefit recorded in 2020 was attributed to a federal net operating loss carryback claim allowed under the CARES Act. 
 Despite the collaboration revenue, the Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize a future tax benefit of these attributes, as the Company s research programs continue to require significant investment and future revenue is subject to uncertainties. Ultimate realization of any deferred tax asset is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in the appropriate tax jurisdiction before the expiration of carryforward periods, if any. 
 
 11. 
 
 12. 
 collaboration and option agreement with AbbVie Biotechnology Ltd (the AbbVie Agreement ), a research-based global biopharmaceutical company that held Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Shares of the Company at the time the AbbVie Agreement was executed AbbVie ). Pursuant to this agreement, AbbVie paid the Company an upfront, non-refundable amount of million. In exchange, the Company: (i) assumed the obligation to perform research and development activities to identify and develop compounds directed at multiple fibrosis indications (grouped into research programs) through completion of Investigational New Drug (IND)-enabling studies, and (ii) granted AbbVie options to license the results of research and development in exchange for separate upfront option-exercise fees. In June 2022, AbbVie informed the Company that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement for convenience and the AbbVie Agreement terminated in December 2022. As a result, the Company does not expect to receive additional payments under the AbbVie Agreement. 
 
 Prior to the AbbVie Agreement termination, AbbVie held the right to exercise its license options for molecules with the selected pharmacological profiles by providing written notice to the Company and paying an option exercise fee of 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

million per option exercised (up to in total). Effective upon the termination of the AbbVie Agreement, all rights and licenses granted thereunder immediately terminated and were returned to the Company. 
 AbbVie Agreement Accounting Analysis 
 The Company concluded that the performance obligations in the agreement had included the research services for the research programs. The Company has concluded that the unexercised license options were marketing offers as the options did not provide any discounts or other rights that would be considered a material right in the arrangement. All other performance obligations were determined to be immaterial in the context of the contract. 
 The Company estimated the standalone selling price of each research program based on internal and external costs to perform the research plus a reasonable profit margin of . The total estimated cost of the research and development services reflected the nature of the services to be performed and the Company s best estimate of the length of time required to perform the services. The Company recognized revenue as research and development services were provided based on the costs incurred to date, as such costs have a direct relationship between the Company s effort and the progress made towards satisfying its performance obligations to AbbVie. Changes to the estimated cost of internal and external development services were recognized in the period of change as a cumulative catch-up adjustment. 
 The Company determined that the transaction price included only the non-refundable up-front payment of million and recorded this amount as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2018. The option exercise payments were not included in the transaction price, as the Company determined that the agreed upon fees represent fair value of such options. The milestone payments were fully constrained, as a result of the uncertainty regarding whether AbbVie would exercise any of the options and whether any of the associated milestones would be achieved. There were no changes to the transaction price prior to the AbbVie Agreement termination. 
 The Company also considered the existence of any significant financing component within the AbbVie Agreement given its upfront payment structure. Based upon this assessment, the Company concluded that the up-front payment was provided for valid business reasons and not for the purpose of providing financing. Accordingly, the Company has concluded that the upfront payment structure of the AbbVie Agreement did not result in the existence of a significant financing component. 
 On August 25, 2020, AbbVie exercised its option to license and control further development and commercialization of Morphic s v 6 specific integrin inhibitors for the treatment of fibrotic diseases including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and additional indications. In connection with the exercise of the option, AbbVie paid the Company million. Upon option exercise, the Company evaluated whether the change to the contract should be treated as the continuation of the current arrangement or as a separate agreement. As the additional performance obligations were deemed to be distinct and priced consistent with the standalone selling price of such obligations, the Company concluded that the license and any additional performance obligations should be accounted for as a separate contract. The potential performance obligations included in the arrangement were (1) the license to research, develop and commercialize v 6 specific integrin inhibitors, and (2) options to purchase materials that were manufactured prior to option exercise (the Material Options ). The Company concluded that the Material Options were not material rights as the price to purchase the materials approximated the standalone selling price. Based on this conclusion, the full transaction price of million was allocated to the license and recognized upon delivery in the third quarter of 2020. The Company does not expect to receive any additional payments for this program from AbbVie as the license terminated upon termination of the AbbVie Agreement. 
 Upon receipt of notification of the exercise of the right to terminate the AbbVie Agreement, the Company concluded that there was a contract modification to an existing contract under ASC 606 because the notification of termination of the AbbVie Agreement resulted in a reduction in scope of the Company s responsibilities for the remaining research programs thereunder. The terms of the AbbVie Agreement termination notification did not include any additional promised goods or services. As a result of the notification from AbbVie, the Company recognized revenue of million on a cumulative catch-up basis using an updated measure of progress towards satisfying the research and development services performance obligations thereunder. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

Costs incurred 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of deferred revenue, which was classified as either current or net of current portion in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based on the period over which the revenue was expected to be recognized prior to the contract modification. This deferred revenue balance represented the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that were partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2021. The Company has no further unsatisfied performance obligations for the AbbVie Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Janssen Agreement Overview 
 In February 2019, the Company entered into a research collaboration and option agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Janssen Agreement ), a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson Janssen ), to discover and develop novel integrin therapeutics for patients with conditions not adequately addressed by current therapies. The Janssen agreement focuses on integrin targets, each target the subject of a research program, with a limited ability to substitute integrin targets for others, not explored by the Company, if research results are not favorable. Under the terms of the agreement, Janssen paid the Company an upfront fee of million for the first research programs in 2019 and in December 2020 the Company reached an agreement with Janssen to commence work on the third research program and Janssen agreed to pay million for the third research program commencement fee. In addition, Janssen reimburses the Company for all internal and external costs and expenses incurred during the term of the agreement at agreed-upon contractual rates. The Company invoices Janssen on a quarterly basis and payments are due within days. 
 In December 2021, Janssen informed the Company that they had decided not to exercise its options on the first two integrin targets, thus also discontinuing those research programs. The Company has focused efforts on the third integrin research program which includes the potential development of integrin antibody activators. In January 2023, Janssen informed the Company that it had decided to exercise its right to terminate the Janssen Agreement for convenience, subject to a day notification period. The Janssen Agreement will terminate effective March 2023 or earlier if agreed to by the Company and Janssen. 
 Janssen Agreement Accounting Analysis 
 The Company has concluded that the performance obligations in the agreement include the research services for the research programs and options to license the outcomes of those research programs, which were determined to provide Janssen with material rights. All other performance obligations were determined to be immaterial in the context of the contract. 
 The Company estimated the standalone selling price of each research program based on internal and external costs to perform the research plus a reasonable profit margin. The total estimated cost of the research and development services reflect the nature of the services to be performed and the Company s best estimate of the length of time required to perform the services. The Company estimated the standalone selling price of each material right by determining the discount provided to the estimated standalone selling price of comparable options and applying appropriate likelihood of exercise, which includes the appropriate probability of successfully completing the research efforts. Based on the standalone selling prices determined, the Company allocates the total transaction price among the programs and material rights. 
 The Company recognizes revenue as research services are provided based on the costs incurred to date, as such costs have a direct relationship between the Company s effort and the progress made towards satisfying its performance obligations to Janssen. Transaction price allocated to the material rights was deferred and will be recognized as revenue when Janssen exercises the options or the option period expires. Changes in estimates of total internal and external costs expected to be incurred are recognized in the period of change as a cumulative catch-up adjustment. 
 The Company determined that the transaction price included: the non-refundable up-front payment of million for the first programs, million non-refundable up-front payment for the third program, and the estimated reimbursement payments at agreed upon contractual rates to be received from Janssen for the Company s on-going research services. The option exercise payments were not included in the transaction price. Exercise of any of the options will be accounted for as a continuation of 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

research programs and related options, the Company concluded that there was a contract modification to an existing contract under ASC 606 because the December 2021 notification resulted in a reduction in scope of the Company s responsibilities under the Janssen Agreement. The December 2021 notification did not include any additional promised goods and services. Subsequent to the modification, there are two remaining performance obligations pursuant to the Janssen Agreement, research services for the remaining research program and a material right for Janssen s remaining license option. The Company concluded that the remaining research services to be provided to satisfy the third research program were not distinct from its existing research services, and as a result treated the modification as part of the original contract (as opposed to a separate contract). Therefore, the Company updated the transaction price, which included the remaining deferred revenue and estimated variable consideration for research services and allocated the updated transaction price to the remaining performance obligations based on the estimated standalone selling prices at the date of the contract modification. 
 For the research services, the effect that the contract modification had on the transaction price and the measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation of million has been recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis. The transaction price allocated to the remaining material right of million was deferred and will remain deferred until exercise or expiration. The accounting for any previously satisfied performance obligations as of the contract modification date are not affected by the modification. 
 Upfront payment revenue Total revenue recognized Costs incurred 
 In Q4 2022, the Company recognized additional revenue of million on a cumulative catch-up basis as a result of changes to the estimated costs associated with the remaining effort required to complete the research services for the third research program. The amount of future expected cost estimates has decreased based on a change in expected effort and based on the timing of the research services. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, due from Janssen recorded in accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of deferred revenue was classified as either current or net of current portion in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based on the period over which the revenue is expected to be recognized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the deferred revenue balance represents the portion of the upfront payments received allocated to the performance obligations that are partially or wholly unsatisfied as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company expects to recognize revenue related to the remaining performance obligations through Q1 2023. 

13. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Restricted stock units Stock options 
 In addition to the securities listed in the table above, as of December 31, 2022 the Company had reserved shares of common stock for sale under the ESPP, which, if issued, would be anti-dilutive if included in calculation of diluted net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 14. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We conducted an evaluation as of December 31, 2022 under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act were effective as of December 31, 2022 and designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 (c) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required or not applicable or the information is otherwise included herein. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 

The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed below. 
 
 Furnish the exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 229.601 of this chapter). 
 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-38940 3.1 August 13, 2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 001-38940 3.1 February 13, 2023 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 333-231837 4.1 June 14, 2020 4.2 Investors ' Rights Agreement, dated December 5, 2018, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 4.2 June 14, 2020 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 10-K 001-38940 4.3 March 1, 2021 4.4 Form of Debt Security 
 S-3 333-258435 4.3 August 4, 2021 4.5 Form of Indenture 
 S-3 333-258435 4.4 August 4, 2021 4.6 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 8-K 001-38940 4.1 February 13, 2023 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.1 June 14, 2020 10.2 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.2 June 14, 2020 10.3 Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-38940 10.1 August 3, 2022 10.4 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (Included in the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.3 June 14, 2020 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Included in the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.3 June 14, 2020 10.6 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and forms of award agreements 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.4 June 14, 2020 10.7 Offer Letter, dated June 10, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Praveen P. Tipirneni, MD 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.5 June 14, 2020 10.8 Offer Letter, dated June 10, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Bruce N. Rogers, Ph.D . 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.6 June 14, 2020 10.9 Offer Letter, dated June 10, 2019, by and between the Registrant and William DeVaul 
 10-K 001-38940 10.7 February 27, 2021 
 95 

Table of Contents 

10.10 Lease, dated August 5, 2015, by and between the Registrant and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals Limited Partnership, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.9 June 14, 2020 10.11 Research Collaboration and Option Agreement, dated February 15, 2019, by and among Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.10 June 14, 2020 10.12 Collaboration Agreement, dated June 10, 2015, by and between Morphic Rock Therapeutic, Inc. and Schr dinger, LLC, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.12 June 14, 2020 10.13 Exclusive License Agreement, dated October 7, 2015, by and between Children's Medical Center Corporation and the Registrant, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.13 June 14, 2020 10.14 Form of Stock Registration Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-231837 10.17 June 14, 2020 10.15 Offer Letter, dated February 3, 2020, by and between Marc Schegerin, and Morphic Holding, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-38940 10.1 August 10, 2020 10.16 Amendment No. 1 to the Research Collaboration and Option Agreement, dated December 30, 2020, by and among Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Registrant. 
 10-K 001-38940 10.19 March 1, 2021 10.17 Amendment No. 2 to Research Collaboration and Option Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-38940 10.1 August 4, 2021 10.18 Fifth amendment of lease 
 10-Q 001-38940 10.1 November 4, 2021 10.19 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement 
 10-K 001-38940 10.19 February 24, 2022 10.20 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Morphic Holding, Inc. and the investors listed on the signature pages thereto 
 8-K 001-38940 10.1 February 13, 2023 10.21 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Morphic Holding, Inc. and the investors listed on the signature pages thereto 
 8-K 001-38940 10.2 February 13, 2023 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 24.1 Powers of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 
 96 

Table of Contents 

32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL) X 
 Executive compensation plan or agreement. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Registrant has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 MORPHIC HOLDING, INC. February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Praveen P. Tipirneni Praveen P. Tipirneni, M.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Marc Schegerin February 23, 2023 Marc Schegerin, M.D. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Robert E. Farrell Jr. Robert E. Farrell Jr. CPA Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

98 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Praveen P. Tipirneni and William D. DeVaul, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Praveen P. Tipirneni Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 Praveen P. Tipirneni, M.D. /s/ Marc Schegerin Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 23, 2023 Marc Schegerin, M.D. /s/ Robert E. Farrell, Jr. Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 23, 2023 Robert E. Farrell, Jr., CPA /s/ Norbert Bischofberger Director February 23, 2023 Norbert Bischofberger, Ph.D. /s/ Gustav Christensen Director February 23, 2023 Gustav Christensen /s/ Martin Edwards Director February 23, 2023 Martin Edwards /s/ Susannah Gray Director February 23, 2023 Susannah Gray /s/ Nisha Nanda Director February 23, 2023 Nisha Nanda, Ph.D. /s/ Amir Nashat Director February 23, 2023 Amir Nashat /s/ Joseph P. Slattery Director February 23, 2023 Joseph P. Slattery, CPA /s/ Timothy A. Springer Director February 23, 2023 Timothy A. Springer, Ph.D. 
 99 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 morf-20221231x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Morphic Holding, Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Morphic Therapeutic, Inc. Delaware Morphic Security Corporation Massachusetts Morphic Therapeutic UK Ltd United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 morf-20221231x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 Nos. 333-258703 and 333-239607) of Morphic Holding, Inc., 
 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-236727, 333-253678 and 333-262950) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Morphic Holding, Inc., and 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232372) pertaining to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan of Morphic Holding, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Morphic Holding, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Morphic Holding, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 morf-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Praveen P. Tipirneni, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Morphic Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Praveen P. Tipirneni Praveen P. Tipirneni, M.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 morf-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Schegerin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Morphic Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Marc Schegerin Marc Schegerin, M.D. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 morf-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Praveen P. Tipirneni, Chief Executive Officer of Morphic Holding, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s Praveen P. Tipirneni Praveen P. Tipirneni, M.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 morf-20221231x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Schegerin, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Morphic Holding, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 23, 2023 s Marc Schegerin Marc Schegerin, M.D. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 morf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 morf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 morf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 morf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 morf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

