<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1787414_0000950170-23-009720.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28588698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>285606</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2302132</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15297040</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3040955</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6839940</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009720.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324160232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009720
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bogota Financial Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001787414
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				843501231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39180
		FILM NUMBER:		23759842

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		819 TEANECK ROAD
		CITY:			TEANECK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07666
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-862-0660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		819 TEANECK ROAD
		CITY:			TEANECK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07666

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009720.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 bsbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _______________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was million. 
 As of March 24, 2023 there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, of which shares are owned by Bogota Financial, MHC. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 
 
 3 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 34 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 
 
 35 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 94 

ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 94 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 

PART III 
 
 95 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 95 

ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 95 

ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 95 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 

PART IV 
 
 97 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 

ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 
 99 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, assume, plan, seek, expect, will, may, should, indicate, would, contemplate, continue, potential, target and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 

statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We are under no duty to and do not take any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, that are worse than expected, including as a result of employment levels and labor shortages, and the effect of inflation, a potential recession or slowed economic growth caused by supply chain disruptions or otherwise; 

the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and any new variants and the effects of any governmental responses thereto on our financial conditions and results of operations; 

changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses; 

our ability to access cost-effective funding; 

fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; 

demand for loans and deposits in our market area; 

changes in monetary or fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board; 

our ability to continue to implement our business strategies; 

competition among depository and other financial institutions; 

cyber attacks, computer viruses and other technological risks that may breach the security of our website or other systems or those of third parties upon which we rely to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information and destroy data or disable our systems; 

technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; 

the ability of third-party providers to perform their obligations to us; 

inflation and changes in market interest rates that reduce our margins and yields, reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce our volume of loan originations or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make whether held in portfolio or sold in the secondary market; 

adverse changes in the securities markets; 

1 

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; 

our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk; 

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 

our ability to successfully integrate into our operations any assets, liabilities or systems we may acquire, as well as new management personnel or customers, and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames and any goodwill charges related thereto; 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

our ability to retain key employees; 

our compensation expense associated with equity allocated or awarded to our employees; and 

changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. 

Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. Please also see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 2 

PA RT I 
 ITE M 1.	 Business 
 Bogota Financial Corp. 
 Bogota Financial Corp. is a Maryland corporation that was formed in September 2019 to be the bank holding company of Bogota Savings Bank as part of the mutual holding company reorganization of Bogota Savings Bank. Since being incorporated, other than holding the common stock of Bogota Savings Bank, retaining approximately 50 of the net cash proceeds of the stock offering, making a loan to the employee stock ownership plan of Bogota Savings Bank and issuing shares in connection with the acquisition of Gibraltar Bank, Bogota Financial Corp. has not engaged in any other business activities. Bogota Financial Corp. s executive offices are located at 819 Teaneck Road, Teaneck, New Jersey 07666, and its telephone number is (201) 862-0660. 
 Bogota Financial Corp. completed its stock offering in connection with the mutual holding company reorganization of Bogota Savings Bank on January 15, 2020. The Company sold 5,657,735 shares of common stock at 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of 56.6 million. In connection with the reorganization, the Company also issued 263,150 shares of common stock and 250,000 in cash to Bogota Savings Bank Charitable Foundation, Inc., and 7,236,640 shares of common stock to Bogota Financial, MHC, its New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company. Shares of the Company s common stock began trading on January 16, 2020 on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol BSBK. 
 Bogota Financial Corp., as the holding company of Bogota Savings Bank, is authorized to pursue other business activities permitted by applicable laws and regulations, which may include the acquisition of banking and financial services companies. We currently have no agreements to acquire other financial institutions or financial services companies, although we may determine to do so in the future. 
 Bogota Financial Corp. s cash flows will depend on any dividends it receives from Bogota Savings Bank. Bogota Savings Bank is subject to regulatory limitations on the amount of dividends that it may pay. Bogota Financial Corp. does not own or lease any property. We intend to employ as officers of Bogota Financial Corp. only persons who are officers of Bogota Savings Bank. However, we will use the support staff of Bogota Savings Bank from time to time. These individuals will not be separately compensated by Bogota Financial Corp. Bogota Financial Corp. may hire additional employees, as appropriate, to the extent it expands its business in the future. 
 Bogota Financial, MHC is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the NJDBI and the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Bogota Financial, MHC 
 Bogota Financial, MHC was formed in January 2020 as a New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company in connection with the reorganization of Bogota Savings Bank into the two-tier mutual holding company form of organization. Bogota Financial, MHC will, for as long as it is in existence, own a majority of the outstanding shares of Bogota Financial Corp. s common stock. As a mutual holding company, Bogota Financial, MHC is a non-stock company. 
 Bogota Financial, MHC s principal assets are the common stock of Bogota Financial Corp. it received in the reorganization and offering and 50,000 cash in initial capitalization. Presently, it is expected that the only business activity of Bogota Financial, MHC will be to own a majority of Bogota Financial Corp. s common stock. Bogota Financial, MHC is authorized, however, to engage in any other business activities that are permissible for mutual holding companies under New Jersey law, including investing in loans and securities. Bogota Financial, MHC is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the NJDBI and the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 3 

Bogota Savings Bank 
 Founded in 1893, Bogota Savings Bank is a New Jersey-chartered savings bank that operates from six offices located in Bogota, Hasbrouck Heights, Newark, Oak Ridge, Parsippany and Teaneck, New Jersey and a loan production office in Spring Lake, New Jersey. The surrounding areas are our primary market area for our business operations. We attract deposits from the general public and municipalities and use those funds along with advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and funds generated from operations to originate one- to four-family residential real estate loans and commercial real estate and multi-family loans and, to a lesser extent, consumer loans, commercial and industrial loans and construction loans. We also invest in securities, which have historically consisted primarily of U.S. Government and agency obligations, municipal obligations, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts, including demand accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and certificate of deposit accounts. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had consolidated total assets of 951.1 million, total deposits of 701.4 million and total equity of 139.7 million. Bogota Savings Bank is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the NJDBI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). Our website address is www.bogotasavingsbank.com . Information on this website is not and should not be considered a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Acquisition of Gibraltar Bank 
 On February 28, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Gibraltar Bank. As a result of the merger, we acquired three branch offices located in Morris and Essex Counties in New Jersey. In addition, as part of the transaction, the Company issued 1,267,916 shares of its common stock to Bogota Financial, MHC. The conversion and consolidation of data processing platforms, systems and customer files occurred on August 16, 2021. 
 Market Area 
 Our branches, including our corporate office, are located in Bergen, Morris and Essex Counties, although we consider our lending area to generally also encompass Monmouth and Ocean Counties in New Jersey and the surrounding areas. Bergen County ranks as the most populous county in New Jersey (out of 21 counties) with a population of approximately 974,000 compared to an estimated population of 888,000 for Essex County, 648,000 for Monmouth County, 655,000 for Ocean County, 514,000 for Morris County and 9.3 million for the entire state as of December 31, 2022 according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The economy in our primary market area has benefited from being varied and diverse, with a broad economic base. Bergen, Essex, Monmouth, Ocean and Morris Counties have a median household income of approximately 82,000, 55,000, 82,000, 60,000 and 97,000, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The median household income for New Jersey is approximately 87,000 and the median household income is approximately 63,000 for the United States. As of December 2022, the unemployment rate was 2.7 for Bergen County, 4.0 for Essex County, 2.6 for Monmouth County, 3.1 for Ocean County and 2.3 for Morris County, compared to 3.4 for New Jersey and a national rate of 3.6 according to US Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 We believe that we have developed products and services that will meet the financial needs of our current and future customer base; however, we plan, and believe it is necessary, to expand the range of products and services that we offer to be more competitive in our market area. Our marketing strategies focus on the strength of our knowledge of local consumer and small business markets, as well as expanding relationships with current customers and reaching out to develop new, profitable business relationships. 
 Competition 
 We face significant competition for deposits and loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has come historically from the numerous financial institutions operating in our market area (including other community banks and credit unions), many of which are significantly larger than we are and have greater resources. We also face competition for investors funds from other sources such as brokerage firms, money market funds and mutual funds, as well as from securities offered by the federal government, such as Treasury bills. Based on FDIC data at June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available), we had 0.78 of the FDIC-insured deposit market share in Bergen County, which was the 19 th largest market share among the 42 institutions with offices in the county. Based on FDIC data at June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available), we had 0.06 of the FDIC-insured deposit market share in Essex County, which was the 30 th largest market share among the 31 institutions with offices in the county. Based on FDIC data at June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available), we had 0.12 of the FDIC-insured deposit market share in Morris County, which was the 25 th largest market share among the 30 institutions with offices in the county. Money center banks, such as Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citi, and large regional banks, such as TD Bank, M T Bank and PNC Bank, have a significant presence in the markets that we serve. 
 4 

Our competition for loans comes primarily from the competitors referenced above and from other financial service providers, such as mortgage companies and mortgage brokers. Competition for loans also comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial service companies participating in the mortgage market, such as insurance companies, securities firms, financial technology companies, specialty finance firms and technology companies. 
 We expect competition to remain intense in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing consolidation trend in the financial services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered barriers to entry, allowed banks to expand their geographic reach by providing services over the internet and made it possible for non-depository institutions, including financial technology companies, to offer products and services that traditionally have been provided by banks. Competition for deposits and loans could limit our growth in the future. 
 Lending Activities 
 Historically, our lending activities have emphasized one- to four-family residential real estate loans, and such loans continue to comprise the largest portion of our loan portfolio. Other areas of lending include commercial real estate and multi-family loans and, to a much lesser extent, consumer loans, consisting primarily of home equity loans and lines of credit, commercial and industrial loans and construction loans. Subject to market conditions and our asset-liability analysis, we expect to continue to focus on commercial real estate and multi-family lending as part of our effort to diversify the loan portfolio and increase the overall yield earned on our loans. We compete for loans by offering high quality personalized service, providing convenience and flexibility, providing timely responses on loan applications, and by offering competitive pricing. 
 Loan Portfolio Maturities. The following tables set forth the contractual maturities of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. The table presents contractual maturities and does not reflect repricing or the effect of prepayments. Actual maturities may differ. 

At December 31, 2022 

Residential Real Estate Loans 

Commercial and Multi- Family Real Estate Loans 

Construction Loans 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Consumer Loans 

Total Loans 

(In thousands) 

Amounts due in: 

One year or less 

21 

4,358 

3,263 

23 

73 

7,738 

More than one year through five years 

16,353 

8,338 

16,634 

1,458 

543 

43,326 

More than five years through fifteen years 

68,518 

89,089 

36,140 

203 

9,676 

203,626 

More than fifteen years 

381,209 

60,554 

5,788 

19,363 

466,914 

Total 

466,101 

162,339 

61,825 

1,684 

29,655 

721,604 

The following table sets forth our fixed and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2023. 

Fixed Rates 

Floating or Adjustable Rates 

Total 

(In thousands) 

Residential real estate loans 

347,849 

118,231 

466,080 

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans 

34,173 

123,808 

157,981 

Construction loans 

58,562 

58,562 

Commercial and industrial loans 

1,516 

145 

1,661 

Consumer loans 

6,169 

23,413 

29,582 

Total 

389,707 

324,159 

713,866 

Residential Real Estate Loans. Our one- to four-family residential loan portfolio consists of mortgage loans that enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes, most of which serve as the primary residence of the borrower. At December 31, 2022, one- to four-family residential real estate loans totaled 466.1 million, or 64.6 of our total loan 
 5 

portfolio, and consisted of 347.9 million of fixed-rate loans and 118.2 million of adjustable-rate loans. Most of these one- to four-family residential properties are located in our primary market area. 
 
 We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate residential real estate loans with maturities up to 30 years. The one- to four-family residential mortgage loans that we originate are generally underwritten according to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guidelines, and we refer to loans that conform to such guidelines as conforming loans. Loans to be sold to other approved investors or secondary market sources are underwritten to their specific requirements. We generally originate both fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits. We also originate loans above the conforming limits up to a maximum amount of 2.5 million, which are referred to as jumbo loans. We generally underwrite jumbo loans, whether originated or purchased, in a manner similar to conforming loans. 
 
 Our adjustable-rate residential real estate loans have interest rates that are fixed for an initial period ranging from one to ten years. After the initial fixed period, the interest rate on adjustable-rate residential real estate loans is generally reset every year based on a contractual spread or margin above the average yield on U.S. Treasury securities. Our adjustable-rate residential real estate loans have initial and periodic caps of 2 on interest rate changes, with a current cap of 5 over the life of the loan. 
 
 We originate one-to four-family residential mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios of up to 80 of the appraised value, depending on the size of the loan. Additionally, we originate residential mortgage loans on townhouses or condominiums with loan-to-value ratios of up to 75 of the appraised value, depending on the size of the loan. Our conforming residential real estate loans may be for up to 90 of the appraised value of the property provided the borrower obtains private mortgage insurance. Additionally, mortgage insurance is required for all mortgage loans that have a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 . The required coverage amount varies based on the loan-to-value ratio and term of the loan. We only permit borrowers to purchase mortgage insurance from companies that we have approved. 
 
 We generally do not offer interest only mortgage loans on one- to four-family residential properties or loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as Option ARM loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on the loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. Additionally, we do not offer subprime loans (loans that are made with low down-payments to borrowers with weakened credit histories typically characterized by payment delinquencies, previous charge-offs, judgments, bankruptcies, or borrowers with questionable repayment capacity as evidenced by low credit scores or high debt-burden ratios) or Alt-A loans (defined as loans having less than full documentation). 
 
 Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate Loans . At December 31, 2022, we had 162.3 million in commercial and multi-family real estate loans, representing 22.5 of our total loan portfolio. Our commercial real estate loans are secured primarily by office buildings, industrial facilities, retail facilities and other commercial properties, substantially all of which are located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans totaled 96.0 million, of which 30.0 million was owner-occupied real estate and 66.1 million was secured by income producing, or non-owner-occupied real estate. 
 
 We generally originate commercial real estate loans with maximum terms of ten years based on a 25-year amortization schedule, and loan-to-value ratios of up to 70 of the appraised value of the property for loans that are originated in-house and 60 of the appraised value of the property for loans received from brokers. Our commercial real estate loans are offered with fixed or adjustable interest rates. Interest rates on our adjustable-rate loans generally adjust every three, five, seven and ten years and the interest rate is indexed to the Federal Home Loan Bank advance rate, plus a margin, subject to an interest rate floor. All of our commercial real estate loans are subject to our underwriting procedures and guidelines, including requiring borrowers to generally have three months of operating expenses and loan payment reserves in a liquid account with us. At December 31, 2022, our largest commercial real estate loan totaled 9.1 million and was secured by an office building located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2022, this loan was performing in accordance with its original terms. 
 
 6 

We consider a number of factors in originating commercial real estate loans. We evaluate the qualifications, experience and financial condition of the borrower (including credit history), the value and condition of the mortgaged property securing the loan, the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar property and the borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, among other factors, we consider the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service) to ensure that it is at least 1.25x of the monthly debt service, and the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property. Our commercial real estate loans are generally appraised by outside independent appraisers approved by the board of directors. Personal guarantees are often obtained from commercial real estate borrowers. Each borrower s financial information on such loans is monitored on an ongoing basis by requiring periodic financial statement updates. 
 At December 31, 2022, multi-family real estate loans totaled 66.3 million representing 9.2 of our total loan portfolio. Our multi-family real estate loans are generally secured by properties consisting of five or more rental units within our market area. We originate multi-family real estate loans with fixed interest rates or with a variety of adjustable interest rates with terms and amortization periods generally of up to 25 years. Interest rates on our adjustable-rate multi-family real estate loans are generally indexed to the Federal Home Loan Bank advance rate, plus a margin. At December 31, 2022, our largest multi-family real estate loan had an outstanding balance of 4.7 million and was secured by an apartment building located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2022, this loan was performing according to its original terms. 
 In underwriting multi-family real estate loans, we require a debt service coverage ratio of at least 1.20x and consider several factors, including the age and condition of the collateral, the financial resources and income level of the borrower and the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar properties. Multi-family residential real estate loans have loan-to-value ratios of up to 75 of the appraised value of the property securing the loans for loans that are originated in-house and 60 of the appraised value of the property for loans received from brokers. All of our multi-family real estate loans are subject to our underwriting procedures and guidelines, including requiring borrowers to generally have three months of operating expenses and loan payment reserves in a liquid account with us. The borrower s financial information on such loans is monitored on an ongoing basis by requiring periodic financial statement updates. 
 Consumer Loans . We offer consumer loans to customers residing in our primary market area. Our consumer loans consist primarily of home equity loans and lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, consumer loans totaled 29.7 million, or 4.1 of our total loan portfolio. 
 
 Home equity loans and lines of credit are multi-purpose loans used to finance various home or personal needs, where a one- to four-family primary or secondary residence serves as collateral. We generally originate home equity loans and lines of credit of up to 500,000 with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 70 (75 if Bogota Savings Bank holds the first lien position) and 300,000, with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80 , and terms of up to 30 years. Home equity lines of credit have adjustable rates of interest that are based on the prime interest rate published in The Wall Street Journal , plus a margin, and reset monthly. Home equity lines of credit are secured by residential real estate in a first or second lien position. 
 The procedures for underwriting consumer loans include assessing the applicant s payment history on other indebtedness, the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan, and the loan-to-value ratio. Although the applicant s creditworthiness is a primary consideration, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral, if any, to the proposed loan amount. 
 Construction Loans. We also originate loans to finance the construction of one- to four-family residential properties. At December 31, 2022, residential construction loans totaled 61.8 million, or 8.6 of our total loan portfolio. Most of these loans are secured by properties located in our primary market area. 
 
 Our residential land and acquisition loans are generally structured as two-year interest-only balloon loans. The interest rate is generally a fixed rate based on an index rate, plus a margin. Our construction-to-permanent loans are generally structured as interest-only, adjustable-rate loans with a duration of six to twelve months for the construction phase. The interest rate on these loans is based on the prime interest rate as published in The Wall Street Journal , plus a margin. Construction loan-to-value ratios for one- to four-family residential properties generally will not exceed 80 of the appraised value of the property on a completed basis, while loan-to-value ratios for land acquisition financing will not exceed 50 of the value of the land for an unimproved lot and 75 of the value of the land for an improved lot. Once the construction project is satisfactorily completed, we look to provide permanent financing. 
 
 We also offer loans primarily to established local developers to finance the construction of commercial and multi-family properties or to acquire land for development of commercial and multi-family properties. We also provide 
 7 

construction loans primarily to local developers for the construction of one- to four-family residential developments. At December 31, 2022, we had a single commercial construction loan that totaled 11.0 million, or 1.5 of our total loan portfolio. This loan was secured by an office building located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2022, this loan was performing according to its original terms. We also had undrawn amounts on the commercial construction loan totaling 32.9 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Historically, our commercial construction loans are generally interest-only loans that provide for the payment of interest during the construction phase, which is usually between 12 to 24 months. The interest rate is generally adjustable based on an index rate, typically the prime interest rate as published in The Wall Street Journal , plus a margin. At the end of the construction phase, the loan generally converts to a permanent commercial real estate mortgage loan, but in some cases it may be payable in full. However, our loans for the construction of one-to-four-family residential properties may convert to permanent residential real estate loans. Loans can be made with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75 of the appraised market value upon completion of the project or a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 50 for raw land. 
 Before making a commitment to fund a commercial construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent licensed appraiser. The construction phase is carefully monitored to minimize our risk. All construction projects must be completed in accordance with approved plans and approved by the municipality in which they are located. Loan proceeds are disbursed periodically in increments as construction progresses and as inspections by our approved inspectors warrant. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans. We offer commercial loans and adjustable-rate lines of credit up to 500,000 to small and medium-sized businesses in our market area. These loans are generally secured by accounts receivable, inventory or other business assets, and we may support this collateral with liens on real property. At December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loans totaled 1.7 million, or 0.2 of total loans. 
 Commercial lending products include revolving lines of credit and term loans. Our commercial lines of credit are typically made with adjustable interest rates, indexed to the prime interest rate published in The Wall Street Journal , plus a margin, and we can demand repayment of the amount due at any time after it is due. Term loans are generally made with fixed interest rates, indexed to the comparable Federal Home Loan Bank of New York amortizing advance indications, plus a margin, and are for terms up to seven years. 
 When making commercial and industrial loans, we require a debt service coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and we review and consider the financial statements of the borrower, our lending history with the borrower, the borrower s debt service capabilities, the projected cash flows of the business and the value of the collateral, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Depending on the collateral used to secure the loans, commercial and industrial loans are made up to 70 of the value of the collateral securing the loan. We generally do not make unsecured commercial and industrial loans. Personal guarantees are obtained from commercial and industrial borrowers. 
 Loan Underwriting Risks 
 Adjustable-Rate Loans. While we anticipate that adjustable-rate loans will better offset the adverse effects of an increase in interest rates as compared to fixed-rate loans, an increased monthly payment required of adjustable-rate loan borrowers in a rising interest rate environment could cause an increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also may be adversely affected in a high interest rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate loans make our asset base more responsive to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest sensitivity is somewhat limited by the annual and lifetime interest rate adjustment limits on adjustable-rate residential real estate loans. 
 
 8 

Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate Loans . Loans secured by commercial and multi-family real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential real estate loans. Of primary concern in commercial and multi-family real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend on the successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy to a greater extent than residential real estate loans. To monitor cash flows on income properties, we require borrowers and loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements on commercial and multi-family real estate loans. In reaching a decision whether to make a commercial or multi-family real estate loan, we consider and review a global cash flow analysis of the borrower and consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise and credit history and the value of the underlying property. We generally have required that the properties securing these real estate loans have debt service coverage ratios (the ratio of earnings before debt service to debt service) of at least 1.25x. We require a Phase 1 environmental report when we believe a possibility exists that hazardous materials may have existed on the site, or the site may have been impacted by adjoining properties that handled hazardous materials. 
 Consumer Loans. Consumer loans may entail greater risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate rapidly. Repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and a small remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are likely to be adversely affected by various factors, including job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such loans. 
 Construction Loans. Our construction loans are based upon our estimates of costs to complete a project and the value of the completed project. Underwriting is focused on the borrowers financial strength, credit history and demonstrated ability to produce a quality product and effectively market and manage its operations. All construction loans for which the builder does not have a binding purchase agreement must be approved by our internal loan committee. 
 Construction lending involves additional risks when compared to permanent residential lending because funds are advanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value before its completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, it is difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. This type of lending also typically involves higher loan principal amounts and is often concentrated with a small number of builders. In addition, generally during the term of a construction loan, interest may be funded by the borrower or disbursed from an interest reserve set aside from the construction loan budget. These loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property or obtain permanent take-out financing, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If the appraised value of a completed project proves to be overstated, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of construction of the project and may incur a loss. We use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the value of any construction project of five or more units. Our ability to continue to originate a significant amount of construction loans is dependent on the strength of the housing market in our market areas. 
 
 9 

Commercial and Industrial Loans. Unlike residential real estate loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment or other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be readily ascertainable, commercial business loans have higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Our commercial business loans are originated primarily based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most often, this collateral consists of real estate, accounts receivable, inventory or equipment. Credit support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation value of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial business loans may depend substantially on the success of the business itself. Further, any collateral securing such loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. 
 Originations, Purchases and Participations of Loans 
 Lending activities are conducted by our loan personnel operating at our main office, branch office locations and loan production office. We also obtain referrals from existing or past customers and from accountants, real estate brokers, builders and attorneys. All loans that we originate or purchase are underwritten pursuant to our policies and procedures, which incorporate Fannie Mae underwriting guidelines to the extent applicable for residential loans. We originate both adjustable-rate and fixed-rate loans. Our ability to originate fixed-or adjustable-rate loans depends upon the relative customer demand for such loans, which is affected by current market interest rates as well as anticipated future market interest rates. Our loan origination and purchase activity may be adversely affected by a rising interest rate environment, which typically results in decreased loan demand. 
 As a supplement to our in-house loan originations of one-to four-family residential real estate loans, beginning in 2013, we entered into agreements with unaffiliated mortgage brokers as a source for additional residential real estate loans. We currently work with five different mortgage brokers, none of which we have an ownership interest in or any common employees or directors. Three of the mortgage brokers are located in Morris County, New Jersey, and one mortgage broker is located in each of Hudson and Ocean County, New Jersey. These mortgage brokers fund the one- to four-family residential real estate loans and then sell them to us following our underwriting analysis. We use the same parameters in evaluating these loans as we do for our in-house loan originations of one- to four-family residential real estate loans. 
 For each purchased loan, we generally pay a fixed fee based on the loan balance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we purchased for our portfolio 147.9 million and 18.0 million, respectively, of loans from these mortgage brokers. As part of purchasing the loans, we acquire the servicing rights to the loans. The purchased loans are acquired from these mortgage brokers without recourse or any right to require the mortgage broker to repurchase the loans. The fixed aggregate fee we pay to acquire the loan and servicing rights are added to the loan balance and amortized over the contractual life of the loan under the interest method. 
 We purchase for our portfolio both fixed- and adjustable interest rate one- to four-family real estate loans, with maturities up to 30 years, with a per loan limit of 1.0 million. 
 We generally do not purchase whole loans from third parties other than the one- to four-family residential real estate loans described above. However, we purchase participation interests primarily in commercial real estate and multi-family loans where we are not the lead lender. We underwrite our participation interest in the loans that we purchase according to our own underwriting criteria and procedures. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balances of our loan participations where we are not the lead lender totaled 9.0 million, all of which were commercial or multi-family real estate loans. All such loans were performing according to their original terms at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loan Approval Procedures and Authority 
 Pursuant to New Jersey law, the aggregate amount of loans that Bogota Savings Bank is permitted to make to any one borrower or a group of related borrowers is generally limited to 15 of Bogota Savings Bank s capital, surplus fund and undivided profits (25 if the amount in excess of 15 is secured by readily marketable collateral ). At December 31, 2022, based on the 15 limitation, Bogota Savings Bank s loans-to-one-borrower limit was approximately 19.4 million. On the same date, Bogota Savings Bank had no borrowers with outstanding balances in excess of this amount. At December 31, 2022, our largest loan relationship with a single borrower was for 17.2 million, which consisted of four loans secured by various commercial real estate and multi-family properties in our primary market area. The underlying loans were performing in accordance with their terms on that date. 
 
 10 

Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory, underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our board of directors and management. The board of directors has granted loan approval authority to certain officers up to prescribed limits, depending on the officer s title and experience and the type of loan. 
 Loans in excess of individual officers lending limits require approval of our Internal Loan Committee, which is comprised of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer. The Internal Loan Committee can approve individual loans of up to prescribed limits, depending on the type of loan. Loans that involve policy exceptions also must be approved by the Internal Loan Committee and ratified by the board of directors. 
 Loans in excess of the Internal Loan Committee s loan approval authority require the approval of the board of directors. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The amount of the allowance is based on management s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the portfolio, delinquency statistics, geographic and industry concentrations, the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of borrowers, results of internal loan reviews, trends in historical loss experience, specific impaired loans, and economic conditions and other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect potential credit losses. Allowances for loans that are individually classified as impaired are generally determined based on collateral values or the present value of estimated cash flows. The allowance is increased by a provision for loan losses, which is charged to expense and reduced by full and partial charge-offs, net of recoveries. Changes in the allowance relating to impaired loans are charged or credited to the provision for loan losses. 
 
 In addition, the NJDBI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation periodically review our allowance for loan losses and as a result of such reviews, they may require us to adjust our allowance for loan losses or recognize loan charge-offs. The Company expects the one-time cumulative adjustment to be in the range of 10 to 15 of the allowance based on the implementation of the new standard. 
 
 11 

Allowance for Loan Losses . The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for loan losses and certain asset quality ratios for the periods indicated. 

At or for the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total loans 

721,604 

573,515 

Net loans 

719,026 

570,210 

Average loans 

638,679 

583,362 

Non-accrual loans 

857 

865 

Allowance at beginning of year 

2,153 

2,241 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

425 

(88) 

Charge offs: 

Residential real estate loans 

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans 

Construction loans 

Consumer loans 

Total charge-offs 

Recoveries: 

Residential real estate loans 

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans 

Construction loans 

Consumer loans 

Total recoveries 

Net recoveries 

Allowance for loan losses at end of period 

2,578 

2,153 

Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans at end of period 

300.82 

248.90 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding at end of period 

0.36 

0.38 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.12 

0.15 

Net recoveries to average loans outstanding during period 

Net recoveries to average residential real estate loans outstanding during period 

Net recoveries to average commercial and multi-family real estate loans outstanding during period 

Net recoveries to average construction loans outstanding during period 

Net recoveries to average commercial and industrial loans outstanding during period 

Net recoveries to average consumer loans outstanding during period 

Non-accrual loans excludes loans acquired in a business combination and considered Purchased Credit Impaired 

12 

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following tables sets forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan category and the percent of the allowance in each category to the total allocated allowance at the dates indicated. The allowance for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance 

Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance 

Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Residential real estate loans 

1,602 

62.14 

64.59 

1,092 

50.72 

55.90 

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans 

615 

23.86 

22.5 

769 

35.72 

30.64 

Construction loans 

259 

10.05 

8.57 

195 

9.06 

7.23 

Commercial and industrial loans 

4 

0.16 

0.23 

9 

0.42 

1.38 

Consumer loans 

98 

3.8 

4.11 

88 

4.09 

4.84 

Total 

2,578 

100.00 

100.00 

2,153 

100.00 

100.00 

Investment Activities 
 
 General. Our board of directors is responsible for approving and overseeing our investment policy, which is reviewed at least annually by the board. This policy dictates that investment decisions be made based on liquidity needs, potential returns, consistency with our interest rate risk management strategy and the need for an adequate diversification of assets. An investment committee, consisting of authorized officers, selected by the board of directors, oversees our investing activities and strategies. The authorized officers are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Compliance Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The board has designated our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as our investment officer, who is primarily responsible for daily investment activities. All purchases and sales of securities must be authorized by two officers on the investment committee. Security purchases are limited to no more than 10.0 million a day and cannot amount to more than 25 of the investment portfolio in any given month, in each case without the unanimous approval of the members of the investment committee. The board of directors reviews the activities of the investment committee at each of its meetings. 
 Our current investment policy authorizes us to invest in various types of investment securities and liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various government-sponsored enterprises, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities collateralized mortgage obligations and real estate mortgage investment conduits, municipal securities (limited to no more than 7.5 of our capital), overnight deposits and federal funds, bond anticipation notes with the Borough of Bogota or the Township of Teaneck (limited to no more than 10.0 of our capital), investment grade corporate bonds (limited to no more than 10.0 of our capital), investment grade banker s acceptances and commercial paper with a maturity of no more than 270 days (limited to no more than 5.0 of our capital), certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions and depositor institution senior debt and capital securities (limited to no more than 10.0 of our capital and no more than 3.0 of our capital with a single issuer). We also are required to maintain an investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock, which investment is based on the level of our Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings. We do not engage in any investment hedging activities or trading activities, nor do we purchase any high-risk mortgage derivative products, corporate junk bonds, and certain types of structured notes. 
 Debt securities investment accounting guidance requires that at the time of purchase we designate a security as held to maturity, available for sale, or trading, depending on our ability and intent. 
 
 13 

Portfolio Maturities and Yields. The composition and maturities of the investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 are summarized in the following table. The weighted average yield is calculated by dividing income, which has not been tax effected on tax-exempt obligations, within each contractual maturity range by the outstanding amount of the related investment. Maturities are based on the final contractual payment dates, and do not reflect the effect of scheduled principal repayments, prepayments, or early redemptions that may occur. 

One Year or Less 

More than One Year through Five Years 

More than Five Years through Ten Years 

More than Ten Years 

Total 

Amortized Cost 

Weighted Average Yield 

Amortized Cost 

Weighted Average Yield 

Amortized Cost 

Weighted Average Yield 

Amortized Cost 

Weighted Average Yield 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. treasury bills 

4,971 

1.93 

4,971 

4,928 

1.93 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

6,000 

1.69 

6,000 

5,465 

1.69 

Corporate bonds 

3,022 

3.17 

12,182 

3.01 

1,000 

5.50 

16,204 

15,506 

3.19 

Mortgage-backed securities residential 

321 

2.66 

44,558 

2.29 

44,879 

39,649 

2.29 

Mortgage-backed securities commercial 

3,035 

2.18 

1,155 

1.20 

9,707 

2.18 

8,191 

2.81 

22,088 

19,553 

2.36 

Total 

11,028 

2.34 

19,337 

2.49 

11,028 

2.50 

52,749 

2.37 

94,142 

85,101 

2.40 

Securities held-to-maturity: 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

10,000 

2.23 

3,000 

2.00 

13,000 

12,076 

2.00 

Municipal securities 

7,706 

1.96 

903 

1.00 

375 

3.00 

1,728 

2.12 

10,712 

10,246 

1.94 

Corporate bonds 

2,445 

5.75 

15,825 

4.83 

18,270 

17,225 

4.95 

Mortgage-backed securities residential 

222 

2.53 

2,565 

4.02 

11,639 

2.00 

14,426 

12,994 

2.37 

Mortgage-backed securities commercial 

3,305 

2.64 

3,999 

2.57 

11,147 

1.55 

2,568 

2.04 

21,019 

18,159 

1.98 

Total 

11,011 

2.16 

17,569 

1.47 

32,912 

3.19 

15,935 

2.02 

77,427 

70,700 

2.75 

Sources of Funds 
 
 General. Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for our lending and investment activities. We also use borrowings, primarily Federal Home Loan Bank of New York advances, to supplement cash flows, as needed. In addition, funds are derived from scheduled loan payments, investment maturities, loan sales, loan prepayments, retained earnings and income on earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on earning assets are relatively stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing interest rates, market conditions and competition. 
 Deposit Accounts. The substantial majority of our deposits are from depositors who reside in our primary market area. We access deposit customers by offering a broad selection of deposit instruments for individuals, businesses and municipalities. At December 31, 2022, municipal deposits totaled 57.5 million, which represented 8.2 of total deposits. 
 Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time period that funds must remain on deposit, and the interest rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, our liquidity needs, profitability, and customer preferences. We generally review our deposit pricing on a weekly basis and continually review our deposit mix. Our deposit pricing strategy has generally been to offer competitive rates, but generally not the highest rates offered in the market, and to periodically offer special rates to attract deposits of a specific type or with a specific term. 
 Also, when rates and terms are favorable, we supplement customer deposits with brokered deposits. At December 31, 2022, we had 58.6 million of brokered deposits, which represented 8.4 of total deposits at December 31, 2022 with such funds having a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 36 months. In a rising rate environment, we may be unwilling or unable to pay competitive rates. To the extent that such deposits do not remain with us, they may need to be replaced with borrowings, which could increase our cost of funds and negatively impact our interest rate spread, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in money market and other prevailing interest rates and competition. The variety of deposit accounts offered allows us to be competitive in obtaining funds and responding to changes in consumer demand. Based on experience, we believe that our deposits are relatively stable. However, the ability to attract and maintain deposits and the rates paid on these deposits has been and will continue to be significantly affected by market conditions. 
 
 14 

The following table sets forth the distribution of total deposit accounts, by account type, and the weighted average rate paid at the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Average Rate 

Amount 

Percent 
 
 Average Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Noninterest bearing demand accounts 

38,653 

5.52 

39,318 

6.58 

NOW accounts 

82,720 

11.79 

0.88 

69,940 

11.74 
 
 0.82 

Money market accounts 

30,037 

4.28 

0.32 

57,541 

9.63 

0.34 

Savings accounts 

57,408 

8.18 

0.49 

64,285 

10.76 
 
 0.26 

Certificates of deposit 

492,593 

70.23 

2.37 

366,396 

61.32 

0.74 

Total 

701,411 

100.00 

1.82 

597,480 

100.00 

0.61 

As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of uninsured deposits (deposits in amounts greater than 250,000, which is the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance) for noninterest bearing demand accounts, NOW accounts and money market accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit was 68.1 million, 4.4 million and 50.0 million respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of uninsured deposits (deposits in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000, which is the maximum amount for federal deposit insurance) for noninterest bearing demand accounts, NOW accounts and money market accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit was 43.2 million, 5.9 million and 41.6 million respectively. The amount of uninsured deposits is estimated on a per account basis, actual uninsured deposits may vary when accounts are combined to a single owner. The following table sets forth the maturity of the portion of our certificate of deposit that are in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit as of December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 

(In thousands) 

Maturity Period: 

Three months or less 

12,389 

Over three through six months 

7,071 

Over six through twelve months 

14,387 

Over twelve months 

16,136 

Total 

49,983 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 61 full-time employees and two part-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that we have a good working relationship with our employees. 
 
 We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. Continual learning and career development is advanced through quarterly performance and conversations with employees, internally developed training programs, customized corporate training engagements and educational reimbursement programs. Reimbursement is available to employees enrolled in pre-approved degree or certification programs at accredited institutions that teach skills or knowledge relevant to our business and for seminars, conferences, and other training events employees attend in connection with their job duties. 
 
 The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. The COVID-19 pandemic presented a unique challenge with regard to maintaining employee safety while continuing successful operations. On an ongoing basis, we further promote the health and wellness of our employees by strongly encouraging work-life balance, offering flexible work schedules, keeping the employee portion of health care premiums to a minimum and sponsoring various wellness programs, whereby employees are compensated for incorporating healthy habits into their daily routines. 
 
 Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and achieve one of our business objectives, which is being a low-cost provider. We believe our commitment to living out our core values, actively prioritizing concern for our employees well-being, supporting our employees career goals, offering competitive wages and providing valuable fringe benefits aids in retention of our top-performing employees. In addition, nearly all of our employees are stockholders of the Company 
 15 

through participation in our Employee Stock Ownership Plan, which aligns associate and stockholder interests by providing stock ownership on a tax-deferred basis at no investment cost to our associates. At December 31, 2022, 38 of our current staff had been with us for five years or more. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 Bogota Securities Corp. is a New Jersey investment corporation subsidiary formed in 2014 to buy, sell and hold investment securities. The income earned on Bogota Securities Corp. s investment securities is subject to a lower state tax than that assessed on income earned on investment securities maintained at Bogota Savings Bank. 
 In 1999, Bogota Savings Bank established Bogota Properties, LLC, a New Jersey-chartered limited liability company to secure, manage and hold foreclosed assets. Bogota Properties, LLC is currently inactive. 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 
 General 
 
 As a New Jersey-chartered savings bank, Bogota Savings Bank is subject to comprehensive regulation by the NJDBI, as its chartering authority, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Bogota Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and its deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Bogota Savings Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the NJDBI concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals before entering into certain transactions, including mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. This regulatory structure is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies regarding classifying assets and establishing an adequate allowance for loan losses for regulatory purposes. 
 As a New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company and a bank holding company, Bogota Financial, MHC is regulated and subject to examination by the NJDBI and the Federal Reserve Board. As a mutual holding company, Bogota Financial Corp. is also required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and the NJDBI. It is required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and the NJDBI and is subject to examination by, and the enforcement authority of, the Federal Reserve Board and the NJDBI. Bogota Financial Corp. is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. 
 Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Bogota Savings Bank, Bogota Financial Corp. and Bogota Financial, MHC. The description is limited to the material aspects of certain statutes and regulations, and is not intended to be a complete list or description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Bogota Savings Bank, Bogota Financial Corp. and Bogota Financial, MHC. 
 New Jersey Banking Laws and Supervision 
 Activity Powers. Bogota Savings Bank derives its lending, investment and other activity powers primarily from the New Jersey Banking Act and its related regulations. Under these laws and regulations, savings banks, including Bogota Savings Bank, generally may invest in: 
 real estate mortgages; 

consumer and commercial loans; 

specific types of debt securities, including certain corporate debt securities and obligations of federal, state and local governments and agencies; 

certain types of corporate equity securities; and 

certain other assets. 

A savings bank may also make other investments pursuant to leeway authority that permits investments not otherwise permitted by the New Jersey Banking Act. Leeway investments must comply with a number of limitations on the individual and aggregate amounts of leeway investments. A savings bank may also exercise trust powers upon approval of the NJDBI. New Jersey savings banks also may exercise those powers, rights, benefits or privileges authorized for national 
 16 

banks or out-of-state banks or for federal or out-of-state savings banks or savings associations, provided that before exercising any such power, right, benefit or privilege, prior approval by the NJDBI by regulation or by specific authorization is required. The exercise of these lending, investment and activity powers is limited by federal law and regulations. See Federal Bank Regulation Activities and Investments below. 
 Loan-to-One-Borrower Limitations. With certain specified exceptions, a New Jersey-chartered savings bank may not make loans or extend credit to a single borrower or to entities related to the borrower in an aggregate amount that would exceed 15 of the bank s capital funds. A savings bank may lend an additional 10 of the bank s capital funds if secured by collateral meeting the requirements of the New Jersey Banking Act. Bogota Savings Bank currently complies with applicable loan-to-one-borrower limitations. 
 Dividends. Under the New Jersey Banking Act, a stock savings bank may declare and pay a dividend on its capital stock only to the extent that the payment of the dividend would not impair the capital stock of the savings bank. In addition, a stock savings bank may not pay a dividend unless the savings bank would, after the payment of the dividend, have a surplus of not less than 50 of its capital stock, or alternatively, the payment of the dividend would not reduce the surplus. Federal law may also limit the amount of dividends that may be paid by Bogota Savings Bank. See Federal Bank Regulation Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action below. 
 Minimum Capital Requirements. Regulations of the NJDBI impose on New Jersey-chartered depository institutions, including Bogota Savings Bank, minimum capital requirements similar to those imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation on insured state banks. See Federal Bank Regulation Capital Requirements. 
 Examination and Enforcement. The NJDBI may examine Bogota Savings Bank whenever it considers an examination advisable. The NJDBI examines Bogota Savings Bank at least every two years. The NJDBI may order any savings bank to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound business practice and may direct any director, officer, attorney or employee of a savings bank engaged in an objectionable activity, after the NJDBI has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause at a hearing before the NJDBI why such person should not be removed. The NJDBI also has authority to appoint a conservator or receiver for a savings bank under certain circumstances such as insolvency or unsafe or unsound condition to transact business. 
 
 Federal Bank Regulation 
 Supervision and Enforcement Authority . Bogota Savings Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as the insurer of its deposits. 
 Bogota Savings Bank must file reports with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation concerning its activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals before entering into certain transactions such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. There are periodic examinations by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to evaluate Bogota Savings Bank s safety and soundness and compliance with various regulatory requirements. 
 The regulatory structure gives the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation extensive discretion in connection with its supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of an adequate allowance for loan losses for regulatory purposes. The enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations, breaches of fiduciary duty and unsafe or unsound practices. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation may also appoint itself as conservator or receiver for an insured bank under specified circumstances, including: (1) insolvency; (2) substantial dissipation of assets or earnings through violations of law or unsafe or unsound practices; (3) the existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; (4) insufficient capital; or (5) the incurrence of losses that will deplete substantially all of the institution s capital with no reasonable prospect of replenishment without federal assistance. 
 Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require federally insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: Tier 1 capital to average assets of 4.00 , common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets of 4.50 , tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets of 6.00 and total capital to risk weighted assets of 8.00 . 
 
 Common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, total capital, risk weighted assets and average assets are defined in the Basel III rules. The Bogota Savings Bank opted to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income components from common equity tier 1 and total regulatory capital. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can result in certain 
 17 

mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on Bogota Savings Bank. 
 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act required the federal banking agencies, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, to establish a community bank leverage ratio CBLR for financial institutions and financial institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria qualifying community banking organizations ). In 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule that established 9 as the CBLR, for 2022 and thereafter. 
 
 Qualifying community banking organizations may opt into and out of the CBLR framework on their quarterly call reports. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the CBLR framework and that meet the specified capital requirement, which starting in 2022 is maintaining a leverage ratio of greater than 9 , are considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules and will be considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements under the prompt corrective action statutes. The agencies reserved the authority to disallow the use of the CBLR framework by a financial institution or holding company, based on the risk profile of the organization. 
 
 Bogota Savings Bank elected to use the CBLR framework as of December 31, 2021. Bogota Savings Bank s capital management policy is designed to build and maintain capital levels that exceed regulatory standards and appropriately provide for growth. The leverage ratio of Bogota Savings Bank at December 31, 2022 was 13.44 ; see note 14 for more information. 
 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 
 Activities and Investments. Federal law provides that a state-chartered bank insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation generally may not engage as a principal in any activity not permissible for a national bank to conduct or make any equity investment of a type or in an amount not authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law, subject to certain exceptions. For example, state-chartered banks may, with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation approval, continue to exercise state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Market and to invest in the shares of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The maximum permissible investment is 100 of Tier 1 Capital, as specified by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s regulations, or the maximum amount permitted by New Jersey law, whichever is less. 
 In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is authorized to permit state-chartered banks and savings banks to engage in state-authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if they meet all applicable capital requirements and it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has adopted procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. In addition, a nonmember bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a financial subsidiary if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. 
 18 

Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed bank holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, banks may establish de novo branches on an interstate basis at any location where a bank chartered under the laws of the branch location host state may establish a branch. 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is considered well capitalized if it has a CBLR ratio of 9.0 or greater, starting in 2022, or a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. At December 31, 2022, Bogota Savings Bank was classified as a well capitalized institution. 
 At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, interest rates paid on deposits, payment of dividends, and acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including an order by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it is determined to be critically undercapitalized. 
 As noted above, federal legislation has modified the Basel III requirements for qualifying banks with less than 10.0 billion in assets who elect to follow the CBLR framework. Institutions that exceed the CBLR will be considered well capitalized for purposes of prompt corrective action. 
 
 Transaction with Affiliates and Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Regulations. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by federal law. Generally, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W prohibit a bank and its subsidiaries from engaging in a covered transaction if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding with the affiliate, including the proposed transaction, would exceed an amount equal to 10.0 of the bank s capital stock and surplus, or if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding with all affiliates, including the proposed transaction, would exceed an amount equal to 20.0 of the bank s capital stock and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as to certain other transactions and requires that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as prevailing market terms for transaction with or involving a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes making loans to, purchasing assets from, and issuing guarantees to, an affiliate, and other similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the bank s providing services and selling assets to an affiliate. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by a bank to an affiliate are required to be collateralized according to the requirements set forth in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. 
 A bank s loans to its executive officers, directors, any owner of 10 or more of its stock (each, an insider) and any of certain entities affiliated with any such person (an insider s related interest) as well as loans to insiders of affiliates and such insiders related interests are subject to the conditions and limitations imposed by Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing regulations. Under these restrictions, the aggregate amount of the loans to any insider and the insider s related interests may not exceed the loans-to-one-borrower limit applicable to national banks, which is comparable to the loans-to-one-borrower limit applicable to Bogota Savings Bank s loans. See New Jersey Banking Regulation Loans-to-One Borrower Limitations. All loans by a bank to all insiders and insiders related interests in the aggregate may not exceed the bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. With certain exceptions, loans to an executive officer, other 
 19 

than loans for the education of the officer s children and certain loans secured by the officer s residence, may not exceed the lesser of (1) 100,000 or (2) the greater of 25,000 or 2.5 of the bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. Federal regulation also requires that any proposed loan to an insider or a related interest of that insider be approved in advance by a majority of the Board of Directors of the bank, with any interested directors not participating in the voting, if such loan, when aggregated with any existing loans to that insider and the insider s related interests, would exceed either (1) 250,000 or (2) the greater of 25,000 or 5 of the bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. Generally, such loans must be made on substantially the same terms as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those that are prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons., see note 5 for more information. 
 
 An exception is made for extensions of credit made pursuant to a benefit or compensation plan of a bank that is widely available to employees of the bank and that does not give any preference to insiders of the bank over other employees of the bank. 
 In addition, federal law prohibits extensions of credit to a bank s insiders and their related interests by any other institution that has a correspondent banking relationship with the bank, unless such extension of credit is on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 
 
 Provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act impose conditions and limitations on the liabilities to a savings bank of its directors and executive officers and of corporations and partnerships controlled by such persons, that are comparable in many respects to the conditions and limitations imposed on the loans and extensions of credit to insiders and their related interests under federal law, as discussed above. The New Jersey Banking Act also provides that a savings bank that is in compliance with federal law is deemed to be in compliance with such provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act. 
 
 Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Bogota Savings Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Deposit accounts in Bogota Savings Bank are insured up to a maximum of 250,000 for each separately insured depositor. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule order or regulatory condition imposed in writing. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of Bogota Savings Bank s deposit insurance, see note 8 for more information. 
 Privacy Regulations. A regulation issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau generally requires that Bogota Savings Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship. In addition, financial institutions are generally required to furnish their customers a privacy notice annually, but a provision of the Fixing America s Surface Transportation Act enacted in 2015 provides an exception from the annual notice requirement if a financial institution does not share non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties (other than as permitted under certain exceptions) and its policies and practices regarding disclosure of non-public personal information have not changed since the last distribution of its policies and practices to its customers. In addition, Bogota Savings Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and to not disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as implemented by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, a state non-member bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA requires the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in connection with its examination of each state non-member bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to provide a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Bogota Savings Bank s most recent Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation CRA rating in November 2020 was Satisfactory. 
 20 

Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations. Bogota Savings Bank is subject to a variety of federal and New Jersey statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes, including Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts and practices against consumers, authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. Federal laws also prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices against consumers, which can be enforced by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and state attorneys general. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 Bogota Savings Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Banks provide a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Bogota Savings Bank, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. Bogota Savings Bank was in compliance with this requirement at December 31, 2022. 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 Federal Holding Company Regulation . Bogota Financial, MHC and Bogota Financial Corp. are bank holding companies registered with the Federal Reserve Board and are subject to regulations, examination, supervision and reporting requirements applicable to bank holding companies. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over Bogota Financial, MHC and Bogota Financial Corp. and their non-savings bank subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary savings bank. 
 A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities the Federal Reserve Board determines to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (1) making or servicing loans; (2) performing certain data processing services; (3) providing discount brokerage services; (4) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (5) leasing personal or real property; (6) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (7) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorizes a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including that its depository institution subsidiaries are well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company. A financial holding company may engage in a broader range of financial activities than a bank holding company. Such activities may include insurance underwriting and investment banking. Bogota Financial Corp. has not elected financial holding company status at this time. 
 
 Capital. Bank holding companies with greater than 3 billion in total consolidated assets are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements. However, pursuant to federal legislation, bank holding companies with less than 3.0 billion in consolidated assets, such as Bogota Financial Corp, generally are not subject to the consolidated capital requirements unless otherwise advised by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 Dividends and Stock Repurchases. A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding capital distributions, including dividends, by bank holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only from current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The policy also requires that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to 
 21 

those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity, and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. Additionally, under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued guidance that requires consultation with supervisory staff prior to a bank holding company s payment of dividends or repurchases of stock under certain circumstances. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of Bogota Financial Corp. to pay dividends, engage in stock repurchases or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 Waivers of Dividends by Bogota Financial, MHC. Bogota Financial Corp. may pay dividends on its common stock to public stockholders. If it does, it is also required to pay the same dividends per share to Bogota Financial, MHC, unless Bogota Financial, MHC elects to waive the receipt of dividends. Bogota Financial, MHC must receive the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may waive the receipt of any dividends from Bogota Financial Corp., and current Federal Reserve Board policy prohibits any mutual holding company that is regulated as a bank holding company, such as Bogota Financial, MHC, from waiving the receipt of dividends paid by its subsidiary holding company. 
 Because of the foregoing Federal Reserve Board restrictions on the ability of a mutual holding company, such as Bogota Financial, MHC, to waive the receipt of dividends declared by its subsidiary mid-tier stock holding company, it is unlikely that Bogota Financial, MHC will waive the receipt of any dividends declared by Bogota Financial Corp. Moreover, since Bogota Financial Corp. sold only a minority of its shares to the public and contributed the remaining shares to Bogota Financial, MHC, Bogota Financial Corp. raised significantly less capital than would have been the case if it had sold all its shares to the public. As a result, paying dividends to Bogota Financial, MHC, an entity that did not pay for the shares of Bogota Financial Corp. common stock it received in connection with the offering, may be inequitable to public stockholders and not in their best financial interests. Therefore, unless Federal Reserve Board regulations and policy change by allowing Bogota Financial, MHC to waive the receipt of dividends declared by Bogota Financial Corp. without diluting minority stockholders, it is unlikely that Bogota Financial Corp. will pay any dividends. 
 Possible Conversion of Bogota Financial, MHC to Stock Form. In the future, Bogota Financial, MHC may convert from the mutual to capital stock form of ownership in a transaction commonly referred to as a second-step conversion. Any second-step conversion of Bogota Financial, MHC would require the approval of the NJDBI and the Federal Reserve Board, as well as the approval of the members of Bogota Financial, MHC. 
 Acquisition. Federal laws and regulations and the New Jersey Banking Act provide that no person may acquire control of a bank holding company, such as Bogota Financial Corp., without the prior non-objection or approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the NJDBI. Control, as defined under the Change in Bank Control Act and applicable federal regulations, means ownership, control of or the power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the company. Acquisition of 10 or more of any class of a bank holding company s voting securities constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under certain circumstances, including where, as will be the case with Bogota Financial Corp., the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 In addition, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, provides that no company may acquire control of a bank or bank holding company within the meaning of that statute without having first obtained the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Control, as defined under the Bank Holding Company Act and applicable Federal Reserve Board regulations, means ownership, control or power to vote 25 or more of any class of voting stock, control in any manner over the election of a majority of the company s directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquirer has the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of the company. Effective September 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve Board amended its regulations concerning when a company exercises a controlling influence over a bank or bank holding company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act. A company that acquires control of a bank or bank holding company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act becomes a bank holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 New Jersey Holding Company Regulation. Bogota Financial, MHC and Bogota Financial Corp. are subject to regulation under New Jersey banking law. Under the New Jersey Banking Act, a company owning or controlling a savings bank is regulated as a bank holding company. The New Jersey Banking Act defines the terms company and bank holding company as such terms are defined under the federal Bank Holding Company Act. Each bank holding company controlling a New Jersey-chartered bank or savings bank must file certain reports with the NJDBI and is subject to examination by the NJDBI. 
 22 

Federal Securities Laws 
 Bogota Financial Corp. s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As such Bogota Financial Corp. is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status. Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), a company with pre-IPO total annual gross revenues of less than 1.07 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year qualifies as an emerging growth company. Bogota Financial Corp. qualifies as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 
 An emerging growth company may choose not to hold stockholder votes to approve annual executive compensation (more frequently referred to as say-on-pay votes) or executive compensation payable in connection with a merger (more frequently referred to as say-on-golden parachute votes). An emerging growth company also is not subject to the requirement that its auditors attest to the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting, and can provide scaled disclosure regarding executive compensation; however, Bogota Financial Corp. will also not be subject to additional executive compensation disclosure so long as it remains a smaller reporting company under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally less than 250 million of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates). Finally, an emerging growth company may elect to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company, but must make such election when the company is first required to file a registration statement. Such an election is irrevocable during the period a company is an emerging growth company. Bogota Financial Corp. has elected to comply with new or amended accounting pronouncements in the same manner as a private company. 
 A company loses emerging growth company status on the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year of the company during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (2) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the company pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; (3) the date on which such company has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or (4) the date on which such company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under Securities and Exchange Commission regulations (generally, a large accelerated filer is defined as a corporation with at least 700 million of voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates). 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was enacted to improve corporate responsibility, provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. Bogota Financial Corp. has in place policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and Bogota Financial Corp. will review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. 
 
 Taxation 
 
 Federal Taxation 
 
 General. Bogota Financial Corp. and Bogota Savings Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize material federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to Bogota Financial Corp. and Bogota Savings Bank. 
 23 

Method of Accounting. For federal income tax purposes, Bogota Savings Bank currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31 for filing its federal income tax returns. 
 Net Operating Loss Carryovers. Effective with the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, net operating loss carrybacks are no longer permitted, and net operating losses are allowed to be carried forward indefinitely. Net operating loss carryforwards arising from tax years beginning after January 1, 2018 are limited to offset a maximum of 80 of a future year s taxable income. See Note 10 in the Notes to consolidated financial statements that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. At December 31, 2022, Bogota Savings Bank had net operating loss carryovers assumed from the Gibraltar merger. 
 Capital Loss Carryovers. Generally, a financial institution may carry back capital losses to the preceding three taxable years and forward to the succeeding five taxable years. Any capital loss carryback or carryover is treated as a short-term capital loss for the year to which it is carried. As such, it is grouped with any other capital losses for the year to which it is carried and is used to offset any capital gains. Any loss remaining after the five-year carryover period that has not been deducted is no longer deductible. At December 31, 2022, Bogota Savings Bank had no capital loss carryovers. 
 Corporate Dividends. We may generally exclude from our income 100 of dividends received from Bogota Savings Bank as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. 
 Audit of Tax Returns. Bogota Savings Bank s federal income tax returns and New Jersey State income tax returns have not been audited in the last three years. 
 State Taxation 
 Taxable income for New Jersey-chartered financial institutions is apportioned to New Jersey based on the location of the taxpayer s customers, with special rules for income from certain financial transactions. The location of the taxpayer s offices and branches not relevant to the determination of income apportioned to New Jersey. The statutory tax rate is currently 6.5 . Qualified community banks and thrift institutions that maintain a qualified loan portfolio are entitled to a specially computed modification that reduces the income taxable to New Jersey. 
 
 ITE M 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The material risks that management believes affect the Company are described below. You should carefully consider the risks as described below, together with all of the information included herein. The risks described below are not the only risks the Company faces. Additional risks not presently known also may have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread could adversely affect the Company s business activities, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have affected the macroeconomic environment, both nationally and in the Company s market area. Federal and state agencies may pass measures to address the economic and social consequences of the pandemic that could impact the Company s financial results and have a destabilizing effect on financial markets, key market indices, and overall economic activity. Prolonged measures by public health or other governmental authorities encouraging or requiring significant restrictions on travel, assembly or other core business practices could harm the Bank s business and that of its customers, in particular, small to medium-sized business customers. Although the Company has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, there is no assurance that they will be effective. A decline in economic conditions generally and a prolonged negative impact on small to medium-sized businesses, in particular, due to the COVID-19 pandemic could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations and may heighten many of the known risks described herein and in other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Risks Related to our Lending Activities 
 
 The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 466.1 million, or 64.6 of our total loan portfolio, was secured by real estate, most of which is located in our primary lending market of Bergen, Essex, Monmouth, Morris and Ocean Counties in 
 24 

New Jersey. Unlike larger financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, our profitability depends primarily on the general economic conditions in our primary market area. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on our lending, including the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. Future declines in the real estate values in northern and central New Jersey could significantly impair the value of the collateral securing our loans and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure for an amount necessary to satisfy the borrower s obligations to us. This could require increasing our allowance for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Our strategy of increasing the amount of commercial and multi-family real estate loans we originate may expose us to increased lending risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, 162.3 million, or 22.5 of our loan portfolio, consisted of commercial and multi-family real estate loans. We are committed to increasing this type of lending. However, commercial and multi-family real estate loans generally expose a lender to a greater risk of loss than one- to four-family residential loans. Repayment of commercial and multi-family real estate loans generally depends, in large part, on sufficient income from the property or business to cover operating expenses and debt service. Commercial and multi-family real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Changes in economic conditions that are beyond the control of the borrower and lender could impact the value of the security for the loan or the future cash flows of the affected property. Additionally, any decline in real estate values may affect commercial and multi-family real estate properties more than residential properties. Also, many of our commercial and multi-family real estate borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a residential mortgage loan. Our non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans may expose us to increased credit risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, 66.1 million, or 9.2 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of loans secured by non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2022, 458,000, or 0.69 of these loans were past due. Loans secured by non-owner occupied properties generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than loans secured by owner occupied properties because repayment of such loans depend primarily on the tenant s continuing ability to pay rent to the property owner, who is our borrower, or, if the property owner is unable to find a tenant, the property owner s ability to repay the loan without the benefit of a rental income stream. In addition, the physical condition of non-owner occupied properties may be below that of owner occupied properties due to lax property maintenance standards that negatively impact the value of the collateral properties. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is established through a provision for credit losses that represents management s best estimate of current expected credit losses within our loan portfolio. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of loans in our portfolio, including the creditworthiness of borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. In determining the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, we rely on our experience and our evaluation of economic and other conditions. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, and adjustments may be necessary to address different economic conditions or adverse developments in the loan portfolio. Consequently, a problem with one or more loans could require us to significantly increase our provision for credit losses. In addition, the NJDBI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation review our allowance for credit losses and as a result of such reviews, they may require us to adjust our allowance for loan losses or recognize loan charge-offs. Material additions to the allowance would materially decrease our net income. 
 The implementation of Current Expected Credit Losses, or CECL, standard became effective for Bogota Financial Corp. on January 1, 2023. CECL requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change the current method of providing allowances for credit losses that are incurred or probable, which would likely require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, and to greatly increase the types of data we would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. The Company has no history of credit losses and therefore will use the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WARM) method and rely on the use of qualitative factors to determine future credit 
 25 

losses. The Company expects the one-time cumulative adjustment to be in the range of 10 to 15 of the allowance based on the implementation of the new standard. 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. In such event, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Risks Related to Market Interest Rates 
 
 The reversal of the historically low interest rate environment may adversely affect our net interest income and profitability. 
 The Federal Reserve Board decreased benchmark interest rates significantly, to near zero, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Federal Reserve Board has reversed its policy of near zero interest rates given its concerns over inflation. Market interest rates have risen in response to the Federal Reserve Board s rate increases. The increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on our net interest income and profitability. 
 Changes in interest rates may reduce our profits. 
 Our profitability, like that of most financial institutions, depends to a large extent upon our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Accordingly, our results of operations depend largely on movements in market interest rates and our ability to manage our interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in response to these movements. Factors such as inflation, recession and instability in financial markets, among other factors beyond our control, may affect interest rates. 
 As a result of our historical focus on one- to four-family residential real estate loans, the majority of our loans have fixed interest rates. This can create significant earnings volatility because of changes in market interest rates. In a period of rising interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets, such as loans and investments, may not increase as rapidly as the interest paid on our liabilities, such as deposits, which have shorter durations. In a period of declining interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets may decrease more rapidly than the interest paid on our liabilities, as borrowers prepay mortgage loans, thereby requiring us to reinvest these cash flows at lower interest rates. 
 Furthermore, increases in interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to make loan repayments on adjustable-rate loans, as the interest owed on such loans would increase as interest rates increase. 
 Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. While we pursue an asset/liability strategy designed to mitigate our risk from changes in interest rates, changes in interest rates can still have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in interest rates also may negatively affect our ability to originate real estate loans, the value of our assets and our ability to realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings. Also, our interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions cannot fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on our balance sheet or projected operating results. For further discussion of how changes in interest rates could impact us, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management of Market Risk. 
 26 

Changes in the estimated fair value of debt securities may reduce stockholders equity and net income. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company maintained a debt securities portfolio of 162.5 million, of which 85.1 million was classified as available-for-sale. The estimated fair value of the available-for-sale debt securities portfolio may change depending on the credit quality of the underlying issuer, market liquidity, changes in interest rates and other factors. Stockholders equity is increased or decreased by the amount of the change in the unrealized gain or loss (difference between the estimated fair value and the amortized cost) of the available-for-sale debt securities portfolio, net of the related tax expense or benefit, under the category of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred other comprehensive losses of 5.9 million related to net changes in unrealized holding losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. A decline in the estimated fair value of this portfolio will result in a decline in reported stockholders equity, as well as book value per common share. The decrease will occur even though the securities are not sold. Risks Related to Economic Conditions 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
 
 Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Over the past year, in response to a pronounced rise in inflation, the Federal Reserve Board has raised certain benchmark interest rates to combat inflation. As inflation increases and market interest rates rise the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. In addition, inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our non-interest expenses. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us. Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve Board to tame persistent inflationary price pressures could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A deterioration in economic conditions could reduce demand for our products and services and/or result in a decrease in our asset quality, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 A deterioration in economic conditions could result in the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations: 
 
 demand for our products and services may decrease; 

loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase, which may require an increase to our allowance for loan losses; 

collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, thereby reducing customers future borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans; 

the value of our securities portfolio may decrease; and/or 

the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decrease, thereby impairing their ability to honor commitments made to us. 

Moreover, a significant decline in general economic conditions, caused by a pandemic, inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other international or domestic calamities, unemployment or other factors beyond our control could further negatively affect our financial performance. 
 Further, a U.S. government debt default would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, including a decrease in the value of Treasury bonds and other government securities held by us, which could negatively impact the Bank s capital position and its ability to meet regulatory requirements. Other negative impacts could be 
 27 

volatile capital markets, an adverse impact on the U.S. economy and the U.S. dollar, as well as increased default rates among borrowers in light of increased economic uncertainty. Some of these impacts might occur even in the absence of an actual default but as a consequence of extended political negotiations around the threat of such a default and a government shutdown. 
 Risks Related to Our Funding 
 
 Our inability to generate core deposits could have an adverse effect on our net interest margin and profitability or may cause us to rely more heavily on wholesale funding strategies for liquidity needs. 
 
 Certificates of deposit comprised 492.6 million or 70.2 of our total deposits at December 31, 2022. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022 totaled 291.1 million, or 41.5 of total deposits. This included 58.6 million of brokered deposits, which represented 8.4 of total deposits. While part of our business strategy is to emphasize generating transaction accounts, we cannot guarantee if and when this will occur. Further, the considerable competition for deposits in our market area also make it difficult for us to obtain reasonably-priced deposits. If we are not able to increase our lower-cost transactional deposits, we may be forced to continue to pay higher costs for certificates of deposit, which would adversely affect our operating margins and profitability, or to seek other sources of funds, including other certificates of deposit, Federal Home Loan Bank advances, brokered deposits and lines of credit to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers. 
 
 If our banking deposits that we receive from municipalities were lost within a short period of time, it could negatively impact our liquidity and earnings. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 57.5 million of deposits from municipalities in our primary market area in New Jersey. These deposits may be more volatile than other deposits and generally are larger than our retail or business deposits. If a significant amount of these deposits were withdrawn within a short period of time, it could have a negative impact on our short-term liquidity and have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 
 
 Building market share through de novo branching may cause our expenses to increase faster than revenues. 
 
 We are considering building market share by opening de novo branches in contiguous markets. There are considerable costs involved in de novo branching as new branches generally require time to generate sufficient revenues to offset their initial start-up costs, especially in areas in which we do not have an established presence. Accordingly, any new branch can be expected to negatively impact our earnings until the branch attracts a sufficient number of deposits and loans to offset expenses. We cannot assure you that if we open new branches, they will be successful even after they have been established. 
 
 Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value. 
 
 Our business strategy includes pursuing acquisition opportunities of other financial institutions. We would seek acquisition partners that offer us either significant market presence or the potential to expand our market footprint and improve profitability through economies of scale or expanded services. Acquiring other banks may have an adverse effect on our financial results and may involve various other risks, including, among other things: difficulty in estimating the value of the target institution; payment of a premium over book and market values that may dilute our tangible book value and earnings per share in the short and long term; potential exposure to unknown or contingent tax or other liabilities; exposure to potential asset quality problems; difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target institution; risk that the acquired business will not perform according to management s expectations because of our inability to realize projected revenue increases, cost savings, improved geographic or product presence, or other projected benefits; potential disruptions to our business; potential diversion of management's time and attention; and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target institution. 
 
 Our business strategy contemplates moderate organic growth, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 
 Our assets increased 113.7 million, or 13.6 , from 837.4 million at December 31, 2021 to 951.1 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in loans receivable. Over the next several years, we expect to experience 
 28 

moderate organic growth in our total assets and deposits, and the scale of our operations. Achieving our organic growth targets requires us to attract customers that currently bank at other financial institutions in our market. Our ability to grow successfully will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to attract and retain experienced bankers, the availability of attractive business opportunities, competition from other financial institutions in our market area and our ability to manage our growth. While we believe we have the management resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth. If we do not manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to achieve our business plan, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities Portfolio 
 
 Our investments in corporate and municipal debt securities obligations expose us to additional credit risks, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our investment portfolio historically has consisted primarily of mortgage-backed securities insured or guaranteed by the United States or agencies thereof. We also have invested in bank-qualified municipal obligations and corporate bonds that are not backed by the federal government and expose us to a greater credit risk than U.S. agency securities. Any decline in the credit quality of these securities exposes us to the risk that the market value of the securities could decrease that may require us to write down their value and could lead to a possible default in payment. 
 
 Changes in the valuation of our securities portfolio may reduce our profits and our capital levels. 
 
 Our securities portfolio may be affected by fluctuations in market value, potentially reducing accumulated other comprehensive income or earnings. Fluctuations in market value may be caused by changes in market interest rates, lower market prices for securities and limited investor demand. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis, with more frequent evaluation for selected issues. In analyzing a debt issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, industry analysts reports and spread differentials between the effective rates on instruments in the portfolio compared to risk-free rates. If this evaluation shows impairment to the actual or projected cash flows associated with one or more securities, we may take a charge to earnings to reflect such impairment. Changes in interest rates may also have an adverse effect on our financial condition, as our available-for-sale securities are reported at their estimated fair value, and therefore are affected by fluctuations in interest rates. We increase or decrease our stockholders equity by the amount of change in the estimated fair value of the available-for-sale securities, net of taxes. See Risks Related to Market Interest Rates Changes in the estimated fair value of debt securities may reduce stockholders equity and net income. Declines in market value may result in other-than-temporary impairments of these assets, which may lead to accounting charges that could have a material adverse effect on our net income and stockholders equity. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 
 We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and employees. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends on retaining certain key personnel. 
 Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of our experienced senior management team. We rely on key personnel to manage and operate our business, including major revenue generating functions such as loan and deposit generation. The loss of key staff may adversely affect our ability to maintain and manage these functions effectively, which could negatively affect our income. In addition, loss of key personnel could result in increased recruiting and hiring 
 29 

expenses, which would reduce our net income. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 
 
 Systems failures or breaches of our network security could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation and subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to protect our computer systems and network infrastructure against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches, denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, and viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with us. Although we, with the help of third-party service providers, intend to continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures designed to prevent such damage, our security measures may not be successful. In addition, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we and our third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data. A failure of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our risk and exposure to cyber attacks or other information security breaches remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. There continues to be a rise in security breaches and cyber attacks within the financial services industry. Financial institutions continue to be the target of various evolving and adaptive cyber attacks, including malware, ransomware and denial-of-service, as part of an effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, potentially test their cybersecurity capabilities, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 
 
 Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services could result in customer attrition, financial losses, the inability of our customers to transact business with us, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Natural disasters, acts of terrorism, global market disruptions and other external events could harm our business. 
 
 Natural disasters can disrupt our operations, result in damage to our properties, reduce or destroy the value of the collateral for our loans and negatively affect the economies in which we operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A significant natural disaster, such as a tornado, hurricane, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. Acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest, violence or human error could cause disruptions to our business or the economy as a whole. While we have established and regularly test disaster recovery procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. Additionally, global markets may be adversely affected by natural disasters, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyber attacks or campaigns, military conflict, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Global market disruptions may affect our business liquidity. Also, any sudden or prolonged market downturn in the U.S. or abroad, as a result of the above factors or otherwise could result in a decline in revenue and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. 
 
 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for significant losses. 
 
 Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We try to identify, measure, monitor, report and control our exposure to risk, including strategic, market, liquidity, compliance and operational risks. While we use broad and diversified risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, these techniques are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. Recent economic conditions and 
 30 

heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of the financial services industry, among other developments, have increased our level of risk. Accordingly, we could suffer losses if we fail to properly anticipate and manage these risks. 
 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 
 Strong competition within our market area may reduce our profits and slow growth. 
 
 We face strong competition in making loans and attracting deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits sometimes requires us to charge lower interest rates on our loans and pay higher interest rates on our deposits, and may reduce our net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult and costly to attract and retain qualified employees. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer services that we do not provide. Our competitors often aggressively price loan and deposit products when they enter into new lines of business or new market areas. If we are unable to effectively compete in our market area, our profitability would be negatively affected. The greater resources and broader offering of deposit and loan products of some of our competitors may also limit our ability to increase our interest-earning assets. For more information about our market area and the competition we face, see Business of Bogota Savings Bank Market Area and Competition. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations and Their Enforcement 
 
 Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by our banking regulators. Such regulation and supervision govern the activities in which a financial institution and its holding company may engage and are intended primarily for the protection of insurance funds and the depositors and borrowers of Bogota Savings Bank rather than for the protection of our stockholders. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on our operations, classify our assets and determine the level of our allowance for credit losses. These regulations, along with the currently existing tax, accounting, securities, deposit insurance and monetary laws, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations, control the ways financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives, and prepare financial reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, new regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. 
 
 We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may adversely impact our return on equity, require us to raise additional capital, or restrict us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares. 
 Federal regulations establish minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , result in the following minimum ratios: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (2) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 , and (3) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, repurchasing its shares, and paying discretionary bonuses, if its capital levels fall below the buffer amount. 
 The federal banking agencies adopted a rule, effective January 1, 2020, that authorizes institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and that meet other specified criteria, to elect to comply with a community bank leverage ratio (the ratio of a bank s Tier 1 equity capital to average total consolidated assets) of 9 in lieu of the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. A qualifying community bank with capital exceeding 9 that exercises the election will be considered compliant with all applicable regulatory capital and leverage requirements, including the requirement to be well capitalized. We elected to comply with the community bank leverage ratio. 
 The application of these more stringent capital requirements, among other things, could result in lower returns on equity and result in regulatory actions if we were unable to comply with such requirements. 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions 
 31 

are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers that open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or establishing new branches. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 
 Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings. 
 The bodies responsible for establishing accounting standards, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and bank regulators, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Federal Reserve Board regulations and policy effectively prohibit Bogota Financial, MHC from waiving the receipt of dividends, which will likely preclude us from paying any dividends on our common stock. 
 Bogota Financial Corp. s board of directors has the authority to declare dividends on our common stock subject to statutory and regulatory requirements. We currently intend to retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be made by our board of directors and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions under Federal Reserve Board regulations and policy, our business strategy and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Under current Federal Reserve Board regulations and policy, if Bogota Financial Corp. pays dividends to its public stockholders, it also would be required to pay dividends to Bogota Financial, MHC, unless Bogota Financial, MHC waives the receipt of such dividends. Current Federal Reserve Board policy has been to prohibit mutual holding companies that are regulated as bank holding companies, such as Bogota Financial, MHC, from waiving the receipt of dividends and the Federal Reserve Board s regulations implemented after the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act effectively prohibit mutual holding companies from waiving dividends declared by their subsidiaries. See Supervision and Regulation Holding Company Regulation Waivers of Dividends by Bogota Financial, MHC for a further discussion of the applicable requirements related to the potential waiver of dividends by a mutual holding company. Unless Federal Reserve Board regulations or policy change by allowing Bogota Financial, MHC to waive the receipt of dividends declared by Bogota Financial Corp. without diluting minority stockholders, it is unlikely that Bogota Financial Corp. will pay any dividends. 
 Our common stock is not heavily traded, and the stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Certain brokers currently make a market in the common stock, but such transactions are infrequent and the volume of shares traded is relatively small. Management cannot predict whether these or other brokers will continue to make a market in our common stock. Prices on stock that is not heavily traded can be more volatile than heavily traded stock. Factors such as our financial results, the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, publicity regarding the banking industry, and various other factors affecting the banking industry may have a significant impact on the market price of the shares the common stock. Management also cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Accordingly, stockholders may not be able to sell their shares of our common stock at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire. 
 
 Bogota Financial, MHC s majority control of our common stock enables it to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders and will prevent stockholders from forcing a sale or a second-step conversion transaction you may find advantageous. 
 
 Bogota Financial, MHC owns a majority of Bogota Financial Corp. s common stock and, through its board of directors, is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders. The votes cast by Bogota Financial, MHC may not be in your personal best interests as a stockholder. For example, Bogota Financial, MHC may exercise its voting control to defeat a stockholder nominee for election to the board of directors of Bogota Financial Corp. and will be able to elect all of the directors of Bogota Financial Corp. Some stockholders may desire a sale or merger 
 32 

transaction, since stockholders typically receive a premium for their shares. Stockholders may also desire a second-step conversion transaction, since most fully stock institutions tend to trade at higher multiples of book value than mutual holding companies. However, stockholders will not be able to force a merger or a second-step conversion transaction without the consent of Bogota Financial, MHC since such transactions also require, under New Jersey and federal law, the approval of a majority of all of the outstanding voting stock, which can only be achieved if Bogota Financial, MHC votes to approve such transactions. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and have elected to comply only with the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. As such, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we plan to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Investors may find our common stock less attractive as we rely on these exemptions. 
 
 Even if we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, as a smaller reporting company, we would still be eligible to use reduced disclosure requirements, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 Even if we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company. As such, we plan to take advantage of reduced disclosure obligations, including regarding executive compensation, in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, investors may find our common stock less attractive. As a smaller reporting company that is a non-accelerated filer, we also will not be subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent auditors review and attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Various factors may make takeover attempts more difficult to achieve. 
 
 Stock banks or their holding companies, as well as individuals, may not acquire control of a mutual holding company, such as Bogota Financial Corp. As result, the only persons that may acquire control of a mutual holding company are other mutual savings institutions or mutual holding companies. Accordingly, it is very unlikely that Bogota Financial Corp. would be subject to any takeover attempt by activist stockholders or other financial institutions. There also are provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt, including a provision that prohibits any person, other than Bogota Financial, MHC, from voting more than 10 of the shares of common stock outstanding. In addition, state and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of Bogota Financial Corp. without our board of directors prior approval. 
 
 Under Federal Reserve Board regulations, for a period of three years following completion of our initial public offering, no person may directly or indirectly acquire or offer to acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of our common stock without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. In addition, under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity or group must notify the Federal Reserve Board before acquiring control of a bank holding company. Acquisition of 10 or more of any class of voting stock of a bank holding company creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer controls the bank holding company. Also, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the NJDBI before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of any bank, including Bogota Savings Bank. 
 
 ITE M 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 33 

ITE M 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net book value of our land, building and equipment was 7.9 million. The following table sets forth information regarding our offices as of December 31, 2022: 

Location 
 Leased or Owned 
 Year Acquired or Leased 
 Net Book Value of Real Property 

(In thousands) 

Branch Offices: 

819 Teaneck Road Teaneck, NJ 07666 
 Owned 
 2004 
 3,733 

60 East Main Street Bogota, NJ 07603 
 Owned 
 1941 
 178 

181 Boulevard 

Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604 
 Owned 
 2020 
 2,448 

1719 Route 10 East 

Parsippany, NJ 07054 
 Leased 
 2021 
 152 

5527 Berkshire Valley Road 

Oak Ridge, NJ 07438 
 Owned 
 2021 
 177 

1039 South Orange Road 

Newark, NJ 07106 
 Owned 
 2021 
 1,178 

Other Offices: 

510 Warren Ave 

Spring Lake, NJ 07762 
 Leased 
 2021 
 14 

(used as a loan production office) 

We believe that the current facilities are adequate to meet our present and foreseeable needs, subject to possible future expansion . 
 
 ITE M 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not involved in any pending legal proceedings as a defendant other than routine legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. At December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any legal proceedings the outcome of which management believes would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITE M 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 34 

PAR T II 
 
 ITE M 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity 
 
 The common stock of Bogota Financial Corp. has been listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol BSBK since January 16, 2020. At March 26, 2023, Bogota Financial Corp. had approximately 2,016 stockholders of record. 
 Bogota Financial Corp. currently does not anticipate paying a dividend to its stockholders. The payment and amount of any dividend payments will be subject to statutory and regulatory limitations, and will depend upon a number of factors, including the following: regulatory capital requirements; our financial condition and results of operations; our other uses of funds for the long-term value of stockholders; tax considerations; the Federal Reserve Board s current regulations restricting the waiver of dividends by mutual holding companies; and general economic conditions. 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On April 12, 2022, the Company announced it completed its initial stock repurchase plan, repurchasing 296,044 shares, or approximately 5 of its then outstanding common stock (excluding shares held by Bogota Financial, MHC), at an average cost of 10.82 per share. On September 21, 2022, the Company completed its second stock repurchase plan by repurchasing 292,568 shares, or approximately 5 of its then outstanding common stock (excluding shares held by Bogota Financial, MHC), at an average cost of 11.14 per share. On October 3, 2022, the Company announced it had received regulatory approval for the repurchase of up to 556,631 shares of its common stock, which was approximately 10 of its then outstanding common stock (excluding shares held by Bogota Financial, MHC). As of December 31, 2022, 360,372 shares have been repurchased under that repurchase program. 
 
 The following table provides information on repurchase by the Company of its common stock under the Company's Board approved program. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1 - 31, 2022 

800 

11.20 

800 

555,831 

November 1 - 30, 2022 

134,028 

11.23 

134,028 

421,803 

December 1 - 31, 2022 

225,544 

11.48 

225,544 

196,259 

Total 

360,372 

11.39 

360,372 

ITE M 6. RESERVED 
 35 

ITE M 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This discussion and analysis reflects the information contained in our consolidated financial statements and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. Certain of the information in this section has been derived from the consolidated financial statements, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should read the information in this section in conjunction with the other business and financial information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 Net Interest Income. Our primary source of income is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, which is the income we earn on our loans and investments, and interest expense, which is the interest we pay on our deposits and borrowings. 
 Provision for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. The allowance for loan losses is increased through the provision for loan losses. Loans are charged against the allowance when management believes that the collectability of the principal loan amount is not probable. Recoveries on loans previously charged-off, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses when realized. 
 Non-Interest Income. Our primary sources of non-interest income are banking fees and service charges, net gains in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance, net gains on sales of loans, a bargain purchase gain recorded in connection with the acquisition of Gibraltar Bank in 2021 and miscellaneous income. 
 Non-Interest Expenses. Our non-interest expenses consist of salaries and employee benefits, net occupancy, equipment, data processing, federal deposit insurance premiums, advertising, directors fees, professional fees, merger and core conversion costs in 2021 and other general and administrative expenses. 
 Salaries and employee benefits consist primarily of salaries and wages paid to our employees, payroll taxes, expenses for workers' compensation and disability insurance, health insurance, retirement plans, our employee stock ownership plan, our equity incentive plan and other employee benefits, as well as other incentives. 
 Occupancy and equipment expenses, which are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment, consist primarily of depreciation charges, rental expenses, furniture and equipment expenses, maintenance, real estate taxes and costs of utilities. Depreciation of premises and equipment is computed using a straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets or the expected lease terms, if shorter. 
 Federal deposit insurance premiums are payments we make to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for insurance of our deposit accounts. 
 Data processing expenses are fees we pay to third parties for use of their software and for processing customer information, deposits and loans. 
 Advertising includes most marketing expenses, including multi-media advertising (public and in-store), promotional events and materials, civic and sales-focused memberships, and community support. 
 Professional fees include legal, accounting, auditing, risk management and payroll processing expenses. 
 Directors fees consist of the fees we pay to our directors for their service on our board of directors, as well as the costs associated with the directors retirement plan and grants to directors under our equity incentive plan. 
 Merger and core conversion costs related to the costs associated with the acquisition of Gibraltar Bank on February 28, 2021 and the conversion and consolidation of data processing platforms, system and customer files on August 16, 2021. 
 Other expenses include expenses for office supplies, postage, telephone, insurance and other miscellaneous operating expenses. 
 
 36 

Income Tax Expense. Our income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our business strategy is to operate as a well-capitalized and profitable community bank dedicated to providing personal service to individuals and businesses. We believe that we have a competitive advantage in the markets we serve because of our 129-year history in the community, our knowledge of the local marketplace and our long-standing reputation for providing superior, relationship-based customer service. We believe we can distinguish ourselves by maintaining the culture of a local community bank. The following are the key elements of our business strategy: 
 
 Continue to focus on residential real estate lending. We have been, and will continue to be, primarily a one- to four-family residential real estate lender in our market area. As of December 31, 2022, 466.1 million, or 64.6 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of one- to four-family residential real estate loans. We expect that one- to four-family residential real estate lending will remain our primary lending activity. 
 
 Continue to emphasize commercial and multi-family real estate lending. We view the growth of commercial real estate and multi-family lending as a means of increasing our interest income and the yield on our loan portfolio, and reducing the average term to repricing of our loans. We believe that local banking consolidation has created opportunities to attract talent with experience originating commercial real estate loans within our market area. Further, the additional capital raised in the offering enabled us to increase our commercial real estate and multi-family loan originations in our market area, and originate loans with larger balances. However, due to lower originations and prepayments, our commercial real estate and multi-family loan portfolio decreased to 162.3 million, or 22.5 of total loans, at December 31, 2022, from 175.4 million, or 30.6 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Commercial and multi-family real estate loans generally expose a lender to a greater risk of loss than one- to four-family residential loans. Repayment of commercial and multi-family estate loans generally depends, in large part, on sufficient income from the property or business to cover operating expenses and debt service. Commercial and multi-family real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Changes in economic conditions that are beyond the control of the borrower and lender could impact the value of the security for the loan or the future cash flows of the affected property. Additionally, any decline in real estate values may affect commercial and multi-family real estate properties more than residential properties. Also, many of our commercial and multi-family real estate borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a residential mortgage loan. 
 
 Increase lower-cost core deposits . We continue to emphasize offering core deposits (demand deposit accounts, savings accounts and money market accounts) to individuals, businesses and municipalities. We attract and retain transaction accounts by offering competitive products and rates and providing quality customer service. Core deposits are our least costly source of funds, which improves our interest rate spread and also contributes non-interest income from account related services. However, at December 31, 2022, core deposits decreased to 29.8 of our total deposits compared to 38.7 of our total deposits at December 31, 2021 due to customers moving funds to higher-yielding certificates of deposits in the higher interest rate environment. 
 Grow through opportunistic bank or branch acquisitions. We opened a new branch in Hasbrouck Heights during the second quarter of 2021 and we completed the acquisition of Gibraltar Bank in February 2021, which increased our footprint by three branches and added a loan production office in central New Jersey. We will consider other acquisition opportunities that may enhance the value of our franchise and yield potential financial benefits for our stockholders. Although we believe opportunities exist to increase our market share in our market, we expect to expand into contiguous markets. The capital we raised in the offering will also provide us the opportunity to acquire smaller institutions or fee-based businesses located in or contiguous to our market area. 
 
 Continue to emphasize operating efficiencies and cost controls . We are focused on controlling expenses while increasing our net income. We are disciplined in managing non-interest expenses by identifying cost savings opportunities such as renegotiating key third-party contracts and reducing other operating expenses. Our efficiency ratio was 59.03 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 60.85 for the year ended December 31, 2021. While our non-interest expenses increased when we became a public company, we will continue to monitor and control expenses as we focus on 
 37 

growth. To support our growth in a cost-effective way, we plan to continue to invest prudently in technology to help improve our operational infrastructure. 
 Maintain disciplined underwriting . We emphasize a disciplined credit culture based on intimate knowledge of the market, close ties to our customers, sound underwriting standards and experienced loan officers. We are committed to actively monitoring and managing our loan portfolio in an effort to proactively identify and mitigate credit risks within the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, non-performing assets totaled 857,000, which represented 0.09 of total assets. At December 31, 2021, there were 865,000 of non-performing assets which represented 0.10 of total assets. 
 Increase in Non-Interest Expense 
 
 Following the January 2020 completion of the reorganization and stock offering, our non-interest expenses increased because of the increased costs associated with operating as a public company. Compensation expenses further increased due to the implementation of our employee stock ownership plan in 2020 and our equity incentive plan in 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider the accounting policy discussed below to be a critical accounting policy, which is presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The estimates and assumptions that we use are based on historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. 
 
 The JOBS Act, which was enacted in 2012, contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an emerging growth company, we plan to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be fully comparable to public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
 
 The following represents our critical accounting policy: 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to absorb credit losses incurred in the loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the relevant balance sheet date. The amount of the allowance is based on significant estimates, and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes available or conditions change. The methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management due to the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used and the potential for changes in the economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for loan losses. 
 
 As a substantial percentage of our loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate, appraisals of the underlying value of property securing loans are critical in determining the amount of the allowance required for specific loans. Assumptions are instrumental in determining the value of properties. Overly optimistic assumptions or negative changes to assumptions could significantly affect the valuation of a property securing a loan and the related allowance. Management reviews the assumptions supporting such appraisals to determine that the resulting values reasonably reflect amounts realizable on the related loans. 
 
 Management performs an evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses at least quarterly. We consider a variety of factors in establishing this estimate including current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic concentrations, and the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates by management that may be susceptible to significant change based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions. 
 
 The evaluation has specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are deemed to be impaired and classified as special mention, substandard, doubtful, or loss. For such loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is generally established when the collateral value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that 
 38 

loan. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 
 Actual loan losses may be significantly more than the allowance we have established which could have a material negative effect on our financial results. See Note 1 to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of the allowance for loan losses. 
 The following tables set forth selected historical financial and other data for Bogota Financial Corp. and Bogota Savings Bank at and for the periods indicated. The following information is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is derived in part from the audited consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Selected Financial Condition Data: 

Total assets 

951,099 

837,362 

Cash and cash equivalents 

16,841 

105,069 

Securities held-to-maturity 

77,427 

74,053 

Securities available-for-sale 

85,101 

41,839 

Loans receivable, net 

719,026 

570,210 

Bank owned life insurance 

30,206 

24,524 

Total liabilities 

811,440 

689,785 

Deposits 

701,411 

597,480 

Borrowings 

102,319 

85,052 

Total equity 

139,659 

147,576 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Selected Operating Data: 

Interest income 

30,347 

25,068 

Interest expense 

7,269 

5,791 

Net interest income 

23,078 

19,277 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

425 

(88) 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

22,653 

19,365 

Non-interest income 

1,123 

4,494 

Non-interest expenses 

14,285 

14,464 

Income before income taxes 

9,491 

9,395 

Income taxes 

2,614 

1,875 

Net income 

6,877 

7,520 

39 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets (1) 

0.77 

1.23 

Return on average equity (2) 

4.76 

7.06 

Interest rate spread (3) 

2.59 

2.33 

Net interest margin (4) 

2.76 

2.50 

Efficiency ratio (5) 

59.03 

60.85 

Average interest-earning assets to average interest- bearing liabilities 

119.60 

122.40 

Loans to deposits 

102.51 

95.44 

Average equity to assets (6) 

16.22 

17.55 

Capital Ratios: (Bank only) 

Tier 1 capital (to adjusted total assets) 

15.61 

17.88 

Other Data: 

Number of offices 
 
 6 

6 

Number of full-time equivalent employees 
 
 61 

74 

(1) Represents net income divided by average total assets. 

(2) Represents net income divided by average equity. 

(3) Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on average interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost on average interest-bearing liabilities. Tax exempt income is reported on a tax equivalent basis using a combined federal and state marginal tax rate of 28 for 2022 and 2021. 

(4) Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets. Tax exempt income is reported on a tax equivalent basis using a combined federal and state marginal tax rate of 28 for 2022 and 2021. 

(5) Represents non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income. 

(6) Represents average equity divided by average total assets. 

40 

Average Balance Sheets 
 The following tables set forth average balances, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments have been made, as the effects would be immaterial. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans are included in the computation of average balances. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts, and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or interest expense, as applicable. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Average Balance 

Interest and Dividends 

Yield/ Cost 

Average Balance 

Interest and Dividends 

Yield/Cost 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

25,044 

117 

0.47 

99,842 

151 

0.15 

Loans 

638,679 

26,264 

4.11 

583,362 

22,672 

3.89 

Securities 

167,987 

3,678 

2.19 

86,035 

1,971 

2.29 

Other interest-earning assets 

5,677 

288 

5.05 

5,606 

273 

4.87 

Total interest-earning assets 

837,387 

30,347 

3.62 

774,845 

25,067 

3.24 

Non-interest-earning assets 

52,525 

42,252 

Total assets 

889,912 

817,097 

Liabilities and Equity: 

NOW and money market accounts 

140,473 

787 

0.56 

104,945 

625 

0.60 

Savings accounts 

62,626 

184 

0.29 

58,880 

127 

0.22 

Certificates of deposit 

394,593 

4,136 

1.05 

373,490 

3,519 

0.94 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

597,692 

5,107 

0.85 

537,315 

4,271 

0.79 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances (1) 

102,458 

2,162 

2.11 

97,621 

1,519 

1.56 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

700,150 

7,269 

1.04 

634,936 

5,790 

0.91 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

41,501 

30,952 

Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 

3,914 

8,822 

Total liabilities 

745,565 

674,710 

Total equity 

144,347 

142,387 

Total liabilities and equity 

889,912 

817,097 

Net interest income 

23,078 

19,277 

Interest rate spread (2) 

2.58 

2.33 

Net interest margin (3) 

2.76 

2.50 

Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 

137,237 

139,909 

(1) Cash flow hedges are used to manage interest rate risk. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net effect on interest expense on Federal Home Loan Bank advances was a reduced expense of 9,000. 	 

(2) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 

(3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

41 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior two columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 

Volume 

Rate 

Net 

(In thousands) 

Interest income: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

(175) 

141 

(34) 

Loans receivable 

2,250 

1,342 

3,592 

Securities 

1,797 

(90) 

1,707 

Other interest-earning assets 

4 

11 

15 

Total interest-earning assets 

3,876 

1,404 

5,280 

Interest expense: 

NOW and money market accounts 

205 

(43) 

162 

Savings accounts 

9 

48 

57 

Certificate of deposit 

201 

416 

617 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

79 

564 

643 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

494 

985 

1,479 

Net increase in net interest income 

3,382 

419 

3,801 

Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Total Assets. Total assets increased 113.7 million, or 13.6 , to 951.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 837.4 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to 148.8 million increase in loans receivable and a 46.6 million increase in securities, partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 88.2 million. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Total cash and cash equivalents decreased 88.2 million, or 84.0 , to 16.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 105.1 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to funding of loan originations and investment purchases with excess liquidity. 
 
 Securities Available for Sale. Total securities available for sale increased 43.3 million, or 103.4 , to 85.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 41.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was due to increases of 27.7 million in mortgage-backed securities, 2.5 million in agency bonds, 4.9 million in U.S. treasury bills and 8.1 million in corporate bonds purchased with excess liquidity. 
 
 Securities Held to Maturity. Total securities held to maturity increased 3.4 million, or 4.6 , to 77.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 74.1 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 4.6 million increase in corporate bonds, a 3.7 million increase in municipal securities, and a 10.0 million increase in U.S. government agency obligations, offset by 14.9 million of principal pay downs and maturities on mortgage-backed securities 
 
 Net Loans. Net loans increased 148.8 million, or 26.1 , to 719.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 570.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in loans was primarily due to the 225.2 million of loans originated during the year, which was offset by 71.8 million in loan repayments and the sale of 4.6 million of residential loans. 
 
 The increase in net loans was due to a 146.1 million, or 45.7 , increase in one-to four-residential real estate loans to 466.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 320.0 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 20.4 million, or 49.4 , in construction loans to 61.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 41.4 million at December 31, 2021 and an increase of 1.9 million, or 6.9 , in consumer loans to 29.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 27.7 million at December 31, 2021, offset by a decrease of 13.0 million, or 7.4 , decrease in commercial and multi-family real estate loans to 162.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 175.4 million at December 31, 2021, and a decrease of 6.2 million, or 78.7 , in commercial and industrial loans to 1.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 7.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in commercial and industrial loans was due to the forgiveness and repayment of 6.2 million in PPP loans that were originated 
 42 

in 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had no loans held for sale compared to 1.2 million in loans held for sale as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Bank-Owned Life Insurance. Bank-owned life insurance increased 5.7 million, or 23.2 , to 30.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 24.5 million at December 31, 2021 . The increase in bank-owned life insurance was due to 5.0 million in new bank-owned life insurance purchases. 
 
 Deposits. Total deposits increased 103.9 million, or 17.4 , to 701.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 597.5 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in deposits reflected an increase in interest bearing deposits of 104.6 million, or 18.7 , to 662.8 million as of December 31, 2022 from 558.2 million at December 31, 2021 and a decrease in non-interest bearing deposits of 664,000, or 1.7 , to 38.7 million as of December 31, 2022 from 39.3 million as of December 31, 2021. Deposits were used to fund loan and securities growth. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, municipal deposits totaled 57.5 million, which represented 8.2 of total deposits, and brokered deposits totaled 58.6 million, which represented 8.4 of total deposits. At December 31, 2021, municipal deposits totaled 31.5 million, which represented 5.3 of total deposits, and brokered deposits totaled 52.9 million, which represented 8.9 of total deposits. 
 
 Borrowings. Federal Home Loan Bank of New York borrowings increased 17.3 million, or 20.3 , to 102.3 million at December 31, 2022 from 85.1 million at December 31, 2021, as an increase of 53.0 in short term advances was offset by proceeds from long term advances totaling 35.7 million. The weighted average rate of borrowings was 3.36 and 1.69 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total Equity. Stockholders equity decreased 7.9 million, or 5.4 to 139.7 million, due to increased accumulated other comprehensive loss for securities available for sale of 5.9 million and the repurchase of 906,793 shares of stock during the year at a cost of 10.1 million, offset by net income of 6.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company s ratio of average stockholders equity-to-total assets was 15.61 , compared to 17.88 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 General. Net income decreased by 643,000, or 8.6 , to 6.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 7.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to a decrease in non-interest income of 3.4 million, an increase in provision for loan losses of 513,000, and an increase of 739,000 in income taxes offset by an increase in net interest income of 3.8 million and a decrease in non-interest expense of 179,000. Excluding the one-time bargain purchase gain of 2.0 million that occurred in 2021 in connection with the Gibraltar Bank acquisition and the 392,000 of merger-related expenses, net income would have increased 916,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income on cash and cash equivalents decreased 34,000, or 22.5 , to 117,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 151,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to a 74.8 million decrease in the average balance of cash and cash equivalents to 25.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 99.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, reflecting the use of excess liquidity to fund loan originations and purchase investment securities. This was offset by a 32 basis point increase in the average yield on cash and cash equivalents from 0.15 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 0.47 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 due to the higher interest rate environment. 
 
 Interest income on loans increased 3.6 million, or 15.8 , to 26.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 22.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to a 55.3 million increase in the average balance of loans to 638.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 583.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and due to a 22 basis point increase in the average yield on loans from 3.89 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 4.11 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest income on securities increased 1.7 million, or 86.6 , to 3.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 2.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to a 82.0 million increase in the average balance of securities to 168.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 86.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, reflecting the purchase of investments with excess liquidity. The increase was offset by a 10 basis point decrease in the average yield from 2.29 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 2.19 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 43 

Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 1.5 million, or 25.5 , to 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase primarily reflected a 13 basis point increase in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities to 1.04 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.91 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a 65.2 million increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased 836,000, or 19.6 , to 5.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 4.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to a 60.4 million increase in the average balance of deposits to 597.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 537.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 35.6 million increase in the average balance of NOW and money market accounts from 104.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 140.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and a 21.2 million increase in the average balance of certificates of deposit. The increase was also due to a six basis point increase in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits to 0.85 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 0.79 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest expense on Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings increased 643,000, or 42.3 , from 1.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 2.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The increase was due to an increase in the average cost of borrowings of 55 basis points to 2.11 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 1.56 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to the higher rates on new borrowings. The increase was also due to an increase in the average balance of borrowings of 4.9 million to 102.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 97.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased 3.8 million, or 19.7 , to 23.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 19.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase reflected a 25 basis point increase in our net interest rate spread to 2.58 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 2.33 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin increased 26 basis points to 2.76 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 2.50 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Provision (Credit) for Loan Losses. We recorded a 425,000 provision for loan losses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 88,000 credit for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Higher balances in residential and construction loans, partially offset by a decline in commercial real estate and multi-family loans were the reason for the provision for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The Bank continues to have a low level of delinquent and non-accrual loans in the portfolio, as well as no charge-offs. 
 
 Non-Interest Income. Non-interest income decreased by 3.4 million, or 75.0 , to 1.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 4.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, there was a 2.0 million bargain purchase gain recognized in the Gibraltar Bank acquisition. Gain on sale of loans decreased 700,000, or 88.9 to 87,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 786,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to a decrease in the volume of loans sold of 20.8 million due to the higher interest rate environment. Bank-owned life insurance income decreased 742,000, or 51.6 to 695,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 1.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to death proceeds collected during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Non-Interest Expenses. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, non-interest expense decreased 179,000, or 1.2 , to 14.3 million as one-time merger fees and core conversion costs were 1.1 million in 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased 691,000, or 8.9 , due to the new stock compensation plan adopted in September 2021. Data processing expense increased 97,000, or 9.3 , due to higher data processing expense associated with a larger company. Advertising expense increased 216,000 due to additional promotions for branch locations and new promotions for loan and deposit products. Professional fees decreased 189,000, or 25.7 , due to lower consulting and legal expense. The increase in equipment and occupancy expenses of 129,000, or 10.3 , was mainly due to the additional branch locations. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense increased 739,000, or 39.4 , to 2.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 1.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to 735,000 of higher taxable income. The effective tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 27.55 and 19.96 , respectively. For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, there was 742,000 additional proceeds from bank-owned life insurance which resulted in a lower effective tax rate as well as the bargain purchase gain of 2.0 million, which reduced the effective rate. 
 
 44 

Management of Market Risk 
 
 General. The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary. Consequently, our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk. Our assets, consisting primarily of loans, have longer maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage our exposure to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, our board of directors has an Asset/Liability Management Committee (the ALCO ), which is comprised of three members of executive management and two independent directors, which oversees the asset/liability management process and related procedures. The ALCO meets on at least a quarterly basis and reviews asset/liability strategies, liquidity positions, alternative funding sources, interest rate risk measurement reports, capital levels and economic trends at both national and local levels. Our interest rate risk position is also monitored quarterly by the board of directors. 
 
 We manage our interest rate risk to mitigate the exposure of our earnings and capital to changes in market interest rates. We have implemented the following strategies to manage our interest rate risk: originating loans with adjustable interest rates; promoting core deposit products; monitoring the length of our borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank and brokered deposits depending on the interest rate environment; maintaining a majority of our investments as available-for-sale; diversifying our loan portfolio; and strengthening our capital position. By following these strategies, we believe that we are better positioned to react to changes in market interest rates. 
 
 Net Portfolio Value Simulation. We analyze our sensitivity to changes in interest rates through a net portfolio value of equity NPV model. NPV represents the present value of the expected cash flows from our assets less the present value of the expected cash flows arising from our liabilities adjusted for the value of off-balance sheet contracts. The NPV ratio represents the dollar amount of our NPV divided by the present value of our total assets for a given interest rate scenario. NPV attempts to quantify our economic value using a discounted cash flow methodology while the NPV ratio reflects that value as a form of capital ratio. We estimate what our NPV would be at a specific date. We then calculate what the NPV would be at the same date throughout a series of interest rate scenarios representing immediate and permanent, parallel shifts in the yield curve. We currently calculate NPV under the assumptions that interest rates increase 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points from current market rates and that interest rates decrease 100 and 200 points from current market rates. 
 The following table presents the estimated changes in our net portfolio value that would result from changes in market interest rates as December 31, 2022. All estimated changes presented in the table are within the policy limits approved by the board of directors. 

NPV 

NPV as Percent of Portfolio Value of Assets 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Basis Point bp Change in Interest Rates 
 
 Dollar Amount 

Dollar Change 

Percent Change 

NPV Ratio 

Change 

400 bp 

61,838 

(60,629) 

(49.51) 

7.78 

(42.58) 

300 bp 

76,775 

(45,692) 

(37.30) 

9.37 

(22.29) 

200 bp 

92,204 

(30,263) 

(24.71) 

10.91 

(19.48) 

100 bp 

108,298 

(14,169) 

(11.57) 

12.39 

(8.56) 

0 

122,467 

13.55 

(100) bp 

129,989 

7,522 

6.14 

13.92 

11.29 

(200) bp 

131,189 

8,722 

7.12 

13.60 

0.37 

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodologies used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes require making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. The above table assumes that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the date indicated remains constant uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the table provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our NPV and will differ from actual results. 
 
 Net Interest Income Analysis. We also use income simulation to measure interest-rate risk inherent in our balance sheet at a given point in time by showing the effect on net interest income, over specified time frames and using different interest rate shocks and ramps. The assumptions include management s best assessment of the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment speeds of certain assets and liabilities, projections for account balances in each of the product lines offered and the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates. These assumptions are subject to change, and as a result, the model is not expected to precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the simulated results due to 
 45 

timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in the balance sheet composition and market conditions. Assumptions are supported with quarterly back testing of the model to actual market rate shifts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, net interest income simulation results indicated that its exposure over one year to changing interest rates was within our guidelines. The following table presents the estimated impact of interest rate changes on our estimated net interest income over one year: 

Changes in Interest Rates (basis points) (1) 
 
 Change in Net Interest Income Year One change from year one base) 

400 bp 
 
 -25.91 

300 bp 
 
 -19.44 

200 bp 
 
 -13.03 

100 bp 
 
 -6.45 

0 

(100) bp 
 
 4.65 

(200) bp 
 
 8.42 

_________________ 
 (1) The calculated change in net interest income assumes an instantaneous parallel shift of the yield curve. 

The preceding simulation analysis does not represent a forecast of actual results and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These hypothetical estimates are based upon numerous assumptions, which are subject to change, including: the nature and timing of interest rate levels including the yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows, and others. Also, as market conditions vary, prepayment/refinancing levels, the varying impact of interest rate changes on caps and floors embedded in adjustable-rate loans, early withdrawal of deposits, changes in product preferences, and other internal/external variables will likely deviate from those assumed. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity. Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, loan sales and proceeds from calls, maturities and sales of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. At December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow up to 334.1 million, of which 102.3 million was outstanding and 1.5 million was utilized as collateral for letters of credit issued to secure municipal deposits. At December 31, 2022, we had 51.0 million in unsecured lines of credit with four correspondent banks with no outstanding balances . 
 The board of directors is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. We believe that we had enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs as of December 31, 2022. 
 While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan sales and prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any period. At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents totaled 16.8 million. Securities classified as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 85.1 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We are committed to maintaining a strong liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet our current funding commitments. Certificates of deposit due within one year of December 31, 2022 totaled 291.1 million, or 41.5 of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds, including other deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank of New York advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or borrowings than we currently pay. We believe, however, based on past experience that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. 
 
 46 

Capital Resources. The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by NJDBI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. At December 31, 2022, we exceeded all applicable regulatory capital requirements, and were considered well capitalized under regulatory guidelines. See Note 14 in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. The financial instruments include commitments to originate loans, unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit, which involve elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. Our exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amount of the instruments. We use the same credit policies in making commitments as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 36.5 million of commitments to originate loans, comprised of 2.5 million of residential loans, 41.6 million of commitments under commercial loans and lines of credit (including 32.9 million of unadvanced portions of commercial construction loans), 49.4 million of commitments under home equity loans and lines of credit and 8.2 million of unfunded commitments under consumer lines of credit. See Note 15 in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Contractual Obligations. In the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include data processing services, operating leases for premises and equipment, agreements with respect to borrowed funds and deposit liabilities. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Note 1 in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements that appear starting on page 55 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 The financial statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, market interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 
 
 IT EM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 For information regarding market risk, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Management of Market Risk. 
 
 ITE M 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 2022 Auditor firm PCAOB number: Auditor name: Auditor location: 

47 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bogota Financial Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Bogota Financial Corp. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the years then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 /s/S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 
 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania March 24, 2023 

48 

49 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity (fair value of and respectively) 

Loans held for sale 

- 

Loans, net of allowance and , respectively 

Premises and equipment, net 

Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock 

Accrued interest receivable 

Core deposit intangibles 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Deposits 

Non-interest bearing 

Interest bearing 

FHLB advances-short term 

FHLB advances-long term 

Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock par value shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional Paid-In capital 

Retained earnings 

Unearned ESOP shares shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021) 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 50 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Interest income 

Loans 

Securities 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Other interest-earning assets 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

FHLB of New York advances 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Fees and service charges 

Gain on sale of loans 

Bargain purchase gain 

- 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expenses 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance premiums 

Data processing 

Advertising 

Director fees 

Professional fees 

Merger costs 

- 

Core conversion costs 

- 

Other 

Total non-interest expenses 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Earnings per share - basic 

Earnings per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 51 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Net comprehensive (loss) income: 

Unrealized losses on securities available for sale: 

Unrealized holding loss arising during the period 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

Net of tax 

() 

() 

Defined benefit retirement plans: 

Unrealized gain (loss) arising during the period including changes in assumptions 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service cost and net gain/loss included in salaries and employee benefits 

Tax effect, income tax benefit 

() 

() 

Net of tax 

Derivatives, net of tax: 

Unrealized gain on swap contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges 

Tax effect 

() 

Net of tax 

- 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 52 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock Shares 

Common Stock 

Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Unearned ESOP shares 

Total Equity 

Balance January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Stock based compensation 

Other comprehensive income 

Issuance of common stock to Bogota MHC 

Issuance of common stock equity plan 

() 

Stock purchased and retired 

() 

() 

() 

() 

ESOP shares released 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Stock based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Stock purchased and retired 

() 

() 

() 

() 

ESOP shares released 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Bargain purchase gain 

- 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets 

() 

() 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

() 

Depreciation of premises and equipment 

(Accretion) amortization of deferred loan (fees) costs, net 

() 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on securities, net 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Gain on sale of loans 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of loans 

Origination of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Employee stock ownership plan 

Stock based compensation 

Changes in 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

Net changes in other assets 

() 

Net changes in other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of securities available for sale 

() 

() 

Purchases of securities held to maturity 

() 

() 

Maturities, calls, and repayments of securities available for sale 

Maturities, calls, and repayments of securities held to maturity 

Loans purchased 

Net (increase) decrease in loans 

() 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Net cash acquired in merger 

- 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchase of FHLB stock 

() 

() 

Redemption of FHLB stock 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase in deposits 

Net increase (decrease) increase in short-term FHLB advances 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in advance payments from borrowers for taxes and insurance 

() 

Proceeds from long-term FHLB non-repo advances 

- 

Repayments of long-term FHLB non-repo advances 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

Non-cash investment and financing activities 

Fair value of assets acquired, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 

- 

Fair Value of liabilities assumed 

- 

Death benefit recorded as other asset 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 54 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

subsidiaries Bogota Securities Corp, which was formed for the purpose of buying, selling and holding investment securities. Bogota Properties, LLC, which was inactive at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Bank generally originates residential, commercial and consumer loans to, and accepts deposits from, customers in New Jersey. The debtors ability to repay loans is dependent upon the region s economy and the borrowers circumstances. The Bank is also subject to the regulations of and examinations by certain federal and state regulatory agencies. Bogota Financial Corp. completed its stock offering in connection with the mutual holding company reorganization of Bogota Savings Bank on January 15, 2020. The Company sold shares of common stock at per share in its subscription offering for gross proceeds of million. In connection with the reorganization, the Company also issued shares of common stock and in cash to Bogota Savings Bank Charitable Foundation, Inc. and shares of common stock to Bogota Financial, MHC, its New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company. Shares of the Company s common stock began trading on January 16, 2020 on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol BSBK. 
 branch offices located in Morris and Essex Counties in New Jersey. In addition, as part of the transaction, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Bogota Financial, MHC. The conversion and consolidation of data processing platforms, systems and customer files occurred on August 16, 2021. 
 
 common shares with an exercise price of were outstanding but were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS because the options were anti-dilutive. NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Basic earnings per share: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Dilutive securities 

Basic earnings per share - basic 

Basic earnings per share - diluted 

. 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Interest income on real estate, commercial and consumer loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual status or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days and still on accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. A loan is moved to nonaccrual status in accordance with the Bank s policy, typically after 90 days of non-payment. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Under the program, the first layer of losses is paid by the FHLBNY up to basis points of the total funded amount of loans sold. (the First Loss Account ). The Bank then provides a second loss credit enhancement obligation, which is equivalent to AA credit risk less the First Loss Account. Loan losses beyond the first and second layers are absorbed by the FHLBNY. There are losses as of December 31, 2022 on the loans sold under the program. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 
 . Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from one to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the terms of the respective leases or the estimated lives of the improvements. 

years using the sum-of-the-years digits method of amortization, while the covenant not to compete was amortized over on a straight-line basis. MSRs arise from the Company originating certain loans for the express purpose of selling such loans in the secondary market. The Company maintains all servicing rights for these loans. The loans held for sale are carried at lower of cost or market value. Originated MSRs are recorded by allocating total costs incurred between the loans and servicing rights based on their relative fair values. MSRs are amortized in proportion to the estimated servicing income over the estimated life of the servicing portfolio and measured annually for impairment. The recoverability of the carrying value of intangible assets is evaluated on an ongoing basis, and permanent declines in value, if any, are charged to expense. 
 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 unrecognized tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Not yet effective Accounting Pronouncements: In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, March 2020, to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or re assess previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met, and can make a one-time election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest rate affected by reference rate reform. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s financial position and results of operations. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU 2016-13 requires entities to report expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit rather than the current incurred loss model. These expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date are to be based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. This ASU will also require enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an entity s portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. The effective date of ASU 2016-13 for the Company is the fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2023 and interim periods thereafter. The Company continues to evaluate the impact the new standard will have on the accounting for credit losses, but the Company may recognize a one-time cumulative-effect adjustment to the allowance for loan losses as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the new standard is effective, consistent with regulatory expectations set forth in interagency guidance issued at the end of 2016. The Company has no history of credit losses and therefore will use the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (WARM) method and rely on the use of qualitative factors to determine future credit losses. The Company expects the one-time cumulative adjustment to be in the range of to of the allowance based on the implementation of the new standard. 

shares of its common stock to Bogota Financial, MHC in conjunction with the acquisition for cash consideration. NOTE 2 ACQUISITION OF GIBRALTAR BANK (Continued) The assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The assets and liabilities, both tangible and intangible, were recorded at their fair values as of February 28, 2021 based on management s best estimate using the information available as of the merger date. The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in the recognition of a bargain purchase gain of million and a core deposit intangible of . Merger-related expenses of for 2021 are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income and were expensed as incurred. 

Assets Acquired 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities held to maturity 

() 
 (a) 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock and other restricted stock 

Loans receivable 

() 
 (b) 

Allowance for loan loss 

() 

(c) 
 
 - 

Accrued interest receivable 

Premises and equipment, net 

(d) 

Core deposit intangible 

(e) 

Deferred taxes 

() 
 (f) 

Other assets 

() 
 (g) 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Deposits 

(h) 

Borrowings 

(i) 

Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Bargain purchase gain recorded at merger 

Explanation of certain fair value related adjustments: 

(a) 
 Represents the fair value adjustments on investment securities at the acquisition date. 

(b) 
 Represents the fair value adjustments on the net book value of loans, which includes an interest rate mark and credit mark adjustment and the reversal of deferred fees/costs which will be amortized over the remaining life of the loans. 

(c) 
 Represents the elimination of Gibraltar Bank allowance for loan losses. 

(d) 
 Represents the fair value adjustments to reflect the fair value of land and buildings and premises and equipment, which will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the individual assets. 

(e) 
 Represents the intangible assets recorded to reflect the fair value of core deposits. The core deposit asset was recorded as an identifiable intangible asset and will be amortized on an accelerated basis over the estimated average life of the deposit base. 

(f) 
 Represents an adjustment to net deferred tax assets resulting from the fair value adjustments related to the acquired assets, liabilities assumed and identifiable intangible assets recorded. 

(g) 
 Represents an adjustment to other assets acquired. 

(h) 
 Represents fair value adjustments on time deposits, which will be treated as a reduction of interest expense over the remaining term of the time deposits. 

(i) 
 Represents FHLB borrowing calculation to prepay borrowings, which will be treated as a reduction of interest expense over the remaining life of the debt 

NOTE 2 ACQUISITION OF GIBRALTAR BANK (Continued) The fair value of loans acquired from Gibraltar Bank was estimated using cash flow projections based on the remaining maturity and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted by estimating future credit losses and the rate of prepayments. Projected monthly cash flows were then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted market rate for similar loans. There was no carryover of Gibraltar Bank's allowance for loan losses associated with the loans that were acquired. The core deposit intangible asset recognized is being amortized over its estimated useful life of approximately years utilizing the sum-of-the-years digits method (see Note 7 for details). The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly, the Company recognizes amounts for identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated acquisition date fair value. The fair value of PCI loans was million on the date of acquisition. The gross contractual amounts receivable relating to the PCI loans was million. Certain PCI loans, for which specific credit-related deterioration was identified, are recorded at fair value, reflecting the present value of the amounts expected to be collected. Income recognition on these loans is based on a reasonable expectation of the timing and amount of cash flows to be collected. The timing of the sale of loan collateral was estimated for acquired loans deemed impaired and considered collateral dependent. For these collateral dependent impaired loans, the excess of the future expected cash flows over the present value of the future expected cash flows represents the accretable yield, which will be accreted into interest income over the estimated liquidation period using the effective interest method. 

Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (nonaccretable difference) 

() 

Expected cash flows at acquisition 

Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable discount) 

() 

Fair value of acquired PCI loans 

The following table details the acquired loans that are not PCI as of March 1, 2021 

Contractually required principal at acquisition 

Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (credit mark) 

() 

Expected cash flows at acquisition 

Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable premium) 

Fair value of acquired loans accounted for under FASB ASC 310-30 

Addition of purchased credit-impaired loans 

Accretion 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

NOTE 2 ACQUISITION OF GIBRALTAR BANK (Continued) 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Pre-tax income 

Income tax expense 

Net Income 

The fair value of retail demand and interest bearing deposit accounts was assumed to approximate the carrying value as these accounts have no stated maturity and are payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits was estimated by discounting the contractual future cash flows using market rates offered for time deposits of similar remaining maturities. The fair value of borrowings was based on the FHLB calculation to prepay borrowings with associated penalties. 

66 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

() 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

() 

Corporate bonds due in: 

Less than one year 

() 

One through five years 

() 

Five through ten years 

() 

MBS residential 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

() 

Corporate bonds due in: 

Less than one year 

One through five years 

() 

Five through ten years 

MBS residential 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

Total 

() 

All of the MBS are issued by the following government sponsored agencies Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ), Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA and Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ). NOTE 3 SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE (Continued) There were sales of securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

() 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

MBS residential 

() 

() 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Less than 12 Months 

More than 12 Months 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

MBS residential 

() 

() 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

- 

() 

Total 

Unrealized losses on corporate bonds available for sale have not been recognized into income because the issuer bonds are of high credit quality, management does not intend to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The Bank has securities in a loss position and does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporary impaired at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities available for sale with a carrying value of and , respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits. 

 68 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

() 

More than five years through ten years 

- 

() 

Corporate Bonds due in: 

One through five years 

() 

Five through ten years 

() 

Municipal obligations due in: 

- 

Less than one year 

() 

One through five years 

() 

More than five years through ten years 

Greater than ten years 

() 

MBS 

- 

Residential 

() 

Commercial 

- 

() 

December 31, 2021 

U.S. government and agency obligations due in 

Corporate Bonds due in: 

Less than one year 

- 

Five through ten years 

() 

Municipal obligations due in: 

- 

Less than one year 

() 

One through five years 

() 

More than five years through ten years 

Greater than ten years 

MBS 

- 

Residential 

() 

Commercial 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities include Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae securities, all of which are U.S. government sponsored agencies. NOTE 4 SECURITIES HELD TO MATURITY (Continued) 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

Municipal obligations 

() 

() 

() 

MBS residential 

() 

() 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Municipal obligations 

() 

() 

MBS residential 

() 

() 

() 

MBS commercial 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized losses have not been recognized into income because the issuers of the securities are of high credit quality, management does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that management would be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach maturity. The Bank has securities in a loss position as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities held to maturity with a carrying amount of and , respectively, were pledged to secure repurchase agreements at the FHLB of New York (see Note 9). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities held to maturity with a carrying value of and , respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits. 

Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Consumer: 

Home equity and other 

Total loans 

Allowance for loan losses 

() 

() 

NOTE 5 - LOANS (Continued) The Bank has granted loans to executive officers and directors of the Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such loans totaled and , respectively. 

New loans 

loan repayments 

() 

() 

Outstanding, December 31, 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, deferred loan fees were and respectively. PCI loans are loans acquired at a discount primarily due to deteriorated credit quality. These loans are initially recorded at fair value at acquisition, based upon the present value of expected future cash flows, with no related allowance for loan losses. PCI loans acquired in the Gibraltar acquisition totaled million at December 31, 2022. As a qualified Small Business Administration lender, the Bank was automatically authorized to originate loans under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). During 2020, the Bank received and processed PPP applications totaling approximately million. The Bank participated in the second round of PPP loans and during the first half of 2021, the Bank received and processed applications totaling million. All outstanding PPP loans are included in the previous loan table under commercial and industrial loans. Since origination, the Bank has processed forgiveness applications for million and the outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 was . 

Provision for loan losses (credit) 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

Recoveries 

Total ending allowance balance 

December 31, 2021 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning balance 

Provision for loan losses (credit) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

Recoveries 

Total ending allowance balance 

The provision fluctuations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are due to increases or decreases in loan balances in different loans types and economic conditions including those related to the pandemic. NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending allowance balance 

Loans: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 

Total ending loans balance 

NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) 

Residential First Mortgage 

Commercial Multi- Family Real Estate 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home Equity Other 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending allowance balance 

Loans: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 

Total ending loans balance 

NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

- 

Commercial Industrial 

- 

Home equity other consumer 

Impaired loans as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Loans With no related allowance recorded 

Loans with a allowance recorded 

Average Of individually Impaired loans 

Amount of allowance for loan losses allocated 

Residential first mortgages 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity other consumer 

NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) Interest income recognized during impairment and cash-basis interest income recognized in both 2022 and 2021 was nominal. The Bank has not committed to lend additional amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings. There were loans modified as TDRs during 2022 or 2021. There was TDR and TDRs in payment default within twelve months following the modification during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more still on accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. 

Commercial and multi-family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Residential first mortgage 

Commercial and multi-family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Residential first mortgage 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

Loans greater than 89 days past due are considered to be nonperforming. Credit Quality Indicators The Bank categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Bank analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. Commercial real estate, commercial and industrial and construction loans are graded on an annual basis. Residential real estate and consumer loans are primarily evaluated based on performance. Refer to the table on the prior page for the aging of the recorded investment of these loan segments. The Bank uses the following definitions for risk ratings: Special Mention Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution's credit position at some future date. Substandard Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. NOTE 5 LOANS (Continued) Doubtful Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loans not meeting the criteria above are considered to be Pass rated loans. 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Residential first mortgage 

Commercial and Multi-Family 

Construction 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity and other consumer 

Total 

78 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Core deposit accumulated amortization and amortization expense totaled and , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Core deposit intangible assets are amortized to their estimated residual values over their expected useful lives, commonly . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Officers and directors of the Bank have deposits at the Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such deposits totaled approximately and , respectively. The Bank had and of brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were primarily included in certificate of deposit accounts. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

79 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

with a weighted average interest rate of that mature within . There were short-term advances as of December 31, 2021 totaling with a weighted average interest rate of that mature within . 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Non-repo advances 

Maturing in: 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities held to maturity and available for sale with a carrying amount of and , respectively, were pledged to secure repurchase agreements. Change in the fair value of pledged collateral may require the Bank to pledge additional securities. Non-repo and amortizing advances are secured by the FHLB stock owned by the Bank, and a blanket assignment of qualifying loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. The Bank had available additional borrowing potential of and , with the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank also had outstanding lines of credit of with four correspondent banks as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were outstanding balances against these lines as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

80 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

State 

Deferred expense 

Federal 

State 

to income before income taxes as a result of the following for the years ended December 31: 

2022 

2021 

Expected income tax expense at federal tax rate 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

State income tax, net of federal income tax effect 

Bank Owned Life Insurance 

() 

() 

Bargain purchase gain 

- 

() 

Merger expenses 

- 

Tax exempt interest, net 

() 

() 

Other, net 

NOTE 10 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Deferred compensation 

Directors and officers retirement plans 

- 

ESOP plans 

Stock equity plans 

Federal NOL carryforward 

Depreciation 

Charitable Foundation Contribution 

Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale 

- 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Loan fees/costs 

Directors and officers retirement plans 

- 

Purchase accounting 

Cash flow hedges 

- 

Net unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

- 

Net deferred tax asset 

Included in retained earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately in bad debt reserves for which no deferred income tax liabilities have been recorded. The amount represents allocations of income to bad debt deductions for tax purposes only. Reduction of these reserves for purposes other than tax bad-debt losses would create income for tax purposes only, which would be subject to the then current corporate income tax rate. There were unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Bank does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. There was material interest or penalties recorded in the income statement or accrued during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Bank is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of the State of New Jersey. The Bank is no longer subject to federal and state examination by taxing authorities for years before 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

 shares restricted stock awards and stock options) of Bogota Financial Corp. common stock. On September 2, 2021, shares of restricted stock were awarded, with a grant date fair value of per share. To fund the grant of restricted common stock, the Company issued shares from authorized but unissued shares. Restricted shares granted under the 2021 Plan vest in equal installments, over the service period of , beginning one year from the date of grant. Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of restricted shares on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and of expense was recognized in regard to these awards, respectively. The expected future compensation expense related to the non-vested restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 was approximately million over a weighted average period of years. NOTE 11 STOCK BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

Granted 

- 

- 

Vested 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

On September 2, 2022, options to purchase shares of Company common stock were awarded, with a grant date fair value of per option. Stock options granted under the 2021 Plan vest in equal installments over the service period of beginning one year from the date of grant. Stock options were granted at an exercise price of , which represents the fair value of the Company's common stock price on the grant date based on the closing market price, and have an expiration period of . The fair value of stock options granted was estimated utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: expected life of years, risk-free rate of return of , volatility of , and a dividend yield of . The expected life of the options represents the period of time that stock options are expected to be outstanding and is estimated using the simplified approach, which assumes that all outstanding options will be exercised at the midpoint of the vesting date and full contractual term. The risk-free rate of return is based on the rates on the grant date of a U.S. Treasury Note with a term equal to the expected option life. Since the Company recently converted to a public Company and does not have sufficient historical price data, the expected volatility is based on the historical daily stock prices of a peer group of similar entities based on factors such as industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage. The Company has t paid any cash dividends on its common stock. Management recognizes expense for the fair value of these awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately and in expense was recognized in regard to these awards, respectively. The expected future compensation expense related to the non-vested options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

Granted 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options. 

83 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

interest rate swap with a notional amount of million hedging certain FHLB advances. This interest rate swap meets the cash flow hedge accounting requirements. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no interest rate swaps. At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no interest rate swaps in place with commercial banking customers. Note 12 DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITES (Continued) 

Total derivative instruments 

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, changes in fair value of were recorded in other comprehensive income, net of tax, for changes in fair value of interest rate swaps with third parties. At December 31, 2022, accrued interest was . The Company has agreements with counterparties that contain a provision that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default of its derivative obligations. 

 of contributions up to the first of salary that the employee defers to the retirement plan. The Bank also contributes a safe harbor contribution of of the employee s salary. In addition, on an annual basis, the Board of Directors may elect to make discretionary employer contributions. Bank contributions to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. NOTE 13 BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) Directors Retirement Plan : The Bank has an unfunded, non-qualified pension plan (the Plan to provide post-retirement benefits to each non-employee director of the Bank. The Monthly Retirement Benefit is of a director's average annual retainer paid over a period (not necessarily consecutive) during which the highest annual retainer was received and payable for the same number of months the director served on the Board, up to a period of months. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

69,830 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Annuity payments 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation ending 

Changes in Plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Annuity payments 

() 

() 

Funded status and accrued pension cost included in other liabilities 

Prior service cost 

Interest cost 

Amortization of unrecognized past service liability 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Net loss (gain) 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss 

Assumptions 

NOTE 13 BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

Amortization period 
 
 years 
 
 years 

At December 31, 2022, Plan-related amounts totaling (unrecognized past service liability of less unrecognized actuarial gain of have been recorded, net of in deferred income tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss. For the year ended December 31, 2023, of the unrecognized past service liability is expected to be included in net periodic plan cost. At December 31, 2021, Plan-related amounts totaling (unrecognized past service liability of plus unrecognized actuarial loss of have been recorded, net of in deferred income tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022, of the unrecognized past service liability is expected to be included in net periodic plan cost. The Monthly Retirement Benefit was changed from of a director's average annual retainer paid over a period (not necessarily consecutive) during which the highest annual retainer was received and payable for the same number of months the director served on the Board, up to a period of months to be of the final three-year average annual compensation paid in equal installments, up to a period of months. The change in the Monthly Retirement Benefit had no material change on the financial statements. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Bank expects to contribute to the Plan. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2029 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP ): Effective upon the consummation of the Bank's reorganization in January 2020, an ESOP was established for all eligible employees. The ESOP used million in proceeds from a term loan obtained from the Company to purchase shares of Company common stock. The term loan principal is payable in installments through . Interest on the term loan is floating rate which, was as of December 31, 2022. Each year, the Bank makes discretionary contributions to the ESOP, which are equal to principal and interest payments required on the term loan. Shares purchased with the loan proceeds were initially pledged as collateral for the term loan and are held in a suspense account for future allocation among participants. Contributions to the ESOP and shares released from the suspense account are allocated among the participants on the basis of compensation, as described by the ESOP, in the year of allocation. The ESOP shares pledged as collateral are reported as unearned ESOP shares in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. As shares are committed to be released from collateral, the Bank reports compensation expense equal to the average market price of the shares during the year, and the shares become outstanding for basic net income per common share computations. ESOP compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. NOTE 13 BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

Unearned shares 

Total ESOP shares 

Fair value of unearned ESOP shares 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP : In 2014, the Bank adopted an unfunded, non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP for the benefit of its senior officers. On May 20, 2016, the SERP was amended and restated as of January 1, 2016. The SERP provides the Bank with the opportunity to supplement the retirement income of the President and CEO to achieve equitable wage replacement at retirement. As of December 31, 2022, the accrued SERP obligation was . The expense was during 2022. At December 31, 2022, the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive gain was . As of December 31, 2021, the accrued SERP obligation was . The expense was during 2021. At December 31, 2021, the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss was . 

 , which was fully phased on January 1, 2019 resulted in the Bank effectively having the following minimum capital to risk-weighted assets ratios: a) based on CET1; b) based on tier 1 capital; and c) based on total regulatory capital. The net unrealized gain or loss on available for sale securities is not included in computing regulatory capital. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If only adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At year-end 2021 and 2020, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. In accordance with the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, the federal banking agencies adopted, effective January 1, 2020, a final rule whereby financial institutions and financial institution holding companies that have less than billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio of greater than qualifying community banking organizations ), are eligible to opt into a community bank leverage ratio CBLR framework. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the CBLR framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than are considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements NOTE 14 REGULATORY CAPITAL MATTERS (Continued) in the agencies capital rules and will be considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements under the PCA statutes. The agencies reserved the authority to disallow the use of the CBLR framework by a financial institution or holding company, based on the risk profile of the organization. The Bank elected to adopt the CBLR framework. As a qualifying community banking organization, the Company and the Bank may opt out of the CBLR framework in any subsequent quarter by completing its regulatory agency reporting using the traditional capital rules. The Bank excludes accumulated OCI components from Tier 1 and Total regulatory capital. 

2021 

Tier 1 capital to average assets: 

Bank 

Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

2022 

2021 

Fixed Rate 

Residential mortgage loans 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial Industrial 

Home equity line of credit 

Variable Rate 

Residential mortgage loans 

Construction loans 

Home equity loans 

Commercial real estate 

- 

. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from years to years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, undisbursed funds from approved lines of credit under a homeowners equity lending program amounted to approximately and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, undisbursed funds from approved lines of credit under a business line of credit program amounted to and , respectively. Unless they are specifically cancelled by notice from the Bank, these funds represent firm commitments available to the respective borrowers on demand. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but primarily includes commercial and residential real estate. The Bank leases certain Bank properties and equipment under operating leases. Rent expense was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Bank used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument: The fair value for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). NOTE 16 FAIR VALUE (Continued) 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

Corporate bonds 

MBS residential 

MBS commercial 

Cash flow hedge 

December 31, 2021 

Securities available for sale: 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

Corporate bonds 

MBS residential 

MBS commercial 

assets were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. NOTE 16 FAIR VALUE (Continued) 

Loans 

Financial instruments - liabilities 

Certificates of deposit 

Borrowings 

December 31, 2021 

Financial instruments -- assets 

Investment securities held-to- maturity 

Loans 

Financial instruments - liabilities 

Certificates of deposit 

Borrowings 

92 
 
 BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive (loss) income 

- 

- 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

() 

() 

Details about other comprehensive accumulated loss components 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Realized gains on sales of securities 

Amortization of estimated defined benefit pension plan losses 

other expense 

() 

() 
 
 provision for income taxes 

Total reclassifications for the period 

93 

ITE M 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, Bogota Financial Corp. evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective and met the criteria of the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Not applicable because the Company is an emerging growth company. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Controls. 

There were no changes made in our internal controls during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Bogota Financial Corp. s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 94 

PAR T III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information regarding directors, executive officers and corporate governance of the Company is presented under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Code of Ethics for Senior Officers and Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Additionally, no directors or officers of Bogota Financial Corp failed to file on a timely basis any reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during 2022. 
 
 Bogota Financial Corp. has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on Bogota Financial Corp. s website at www.bogotasavingsbank.com under Investor Relations. 
 
 ITE M 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information regarding executive compensation is presented under the headings Executive Compensation, and Corporate Governance Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 (a) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding options and shares under equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 

752,638 

10.45 

Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 

- 

149,968 

Total 

752,638 

149,968 

(b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 (c) Security Ownership of Management 

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 (d) Changes in Control 

Management of Bogota Financial Corp. knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of Bogota Financial Corp., the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. 
 
 95 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence is presented under the heading Corporate Governance Director Independence and Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive Officers Transactions with Certain Related Persons in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITE M 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Proposal 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accountants of the Proxy Statement. 
 
 96 

PAR T IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Bogota Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 333-233680), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2019, as amended) 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Bogota Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 001-39180), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2023) 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Bogota Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 333-233680), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2019, as amended) 

4.6 
 Description of Bogota Financial Corp. s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 001-39180), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020) 

10.1 
 Employment Agreement between Bogota Savings Bank and Joseph Coccaro (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 001-39180), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2020) 

10.2 
 Change in Control Agreement between Bogota Savings Bank and Brian McCourt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 001-39180), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2020) 

10.3 
 Change in Control Agreement between Bogota Savings Bank and Kevin Pace (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 001-39180), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2020) 

10.4 
 Bogota Savings Bank Director s Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 333-233680), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2019, as amended) 

10.5 
 Bogota Savings Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 333-233680), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2019, as amended) 

10.6 
 Form of Bogota Savings Bank Executive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Bogota Financial Corp. (File No. 333-233680), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2019, as amended) 

10.7 
 Bogota Financial Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement (File No. 001-39180, filed on April 22, 2021) 

10.8 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-258064) , filed on July 21, 2021) 

10.9 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-258064) , filed on July 21, 2021) 

10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-258064) , filed on July 21, 2021) 

21 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Public Accounting Firm S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 

31.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Income, (iii) Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Financial Statements. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

________________ 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 97 

ITE M 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 98 

SIGNA TURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BOGOTA FINANCIAL CORP. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Coccaro 

Joseph Coccaro 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Duly Authorized Representative) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph Coccaro 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Joseph Coccaro 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brian McCourt 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Brian McCourt 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Steven M. Goldberg 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Steven M. Goldberg 

/s/ William Hanson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

William Hanson 

/s/ John Masterson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

John Masterson 

/s/ John G. Reiner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

John G. Reiner 

99 

<EX-21>
 2
 bsbk-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Subsidiaries of Bogota Financial Corp. 

Name 
 State of Incorporation 
 Ownership Percentage 

Bogota Savings Bank 
 New Jersey 
 100 

Subsidiaries of Bogota Savings Bank 

Name 
 State of Incorporation 
 Ownership Percentage 

Bogota Securities Corp. 
 New Jersey 
 100 

Bogota Properties, LLC (Inactive) 
 New Jersey 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 bsbk-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-258064 and No. 333-237503, on Form S-8 of Bogota Financial Corp. of our report dated March 24, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bogota Financial Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 

Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania March 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 bsbk-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Joseph Coccaro, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bogota Financial Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Joseph Coccaro 

Joseph Coccaro 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 bsbk-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Brian McCourt, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bogota Financial Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Brian McCourt 

Brian McCourt 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 bsbk-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Joseph Coccaro, President and Chief Executive Officer of Bogota Financial Corp. (the Company ), and Brian McCourt, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in his capacity as an executive officer of the Company that he has reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (the Report and that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 
 1.	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2.	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Joseph Coccaro 

Joseph Coccaro 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian McCourt 

Brian McCourt 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bsbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bsbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bsbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 bsbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 bsbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

