<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1103795_0001683168-23-001974.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4651399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215783</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>839999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1243588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1051410</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1189487</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001974.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QS Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001103795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				522088326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29185
		FILM NUMBER:		23781519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3606 CHALLENGER WAY UNIT #1
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-300-7647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3606 CHALLENGER WAY UNIT #1
		CITY:			CARSON CITY
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAVE THE WORLD AIR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001974.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 qsenergy_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive
offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

3606 Challenger Way, Unit 1 

 Carson City, Nevada 89706 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and directors) as of December 31, 2022 was . 

The number of shares of the Registrant s
Common Stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE - None 

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format (Check one) 

 Yes No 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 INDEX 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 2 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2. Properties 
 29 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 32 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 32 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 37 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 37 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 49 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 51 

SIGNATURES 
 52 

i 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include predictions and statements regarding our future: 

revenues and profits; 

customers; 

research and development expenses and efforts; 

scientific and other third-party test results; 

sales and marketing expenses and efforts; 

liquidity and sufficiency of existing cash; 

technology and products; and 

the effect of recent accounting pronouncements on our financial condition and results of operations. 

You can identify these and
other forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, will, expects, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, intends, project, potential, forecast 
 continues, strategies, or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology, and also include statements
concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future events or performance. 

Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below
under the heading Risk Factors. We cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish our expectations, beliefs or projections.
All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements. 

1 

Item 1. Business 

The discussion of our business
is as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise indicated. 

Overview 

QS Energy, Inc. QS
Energy or Company or we or us or our develops and seeks to commercialize
energy efficiency technologies that assist in meeting increasing global energy demands, improving the economics of oil transport, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The Company's intellectual properties include a portfolio of domestic and international patents, a
substantial portion of which have been developed in conjunction with and exclusively licensed by us from Temple University of Philadelphia,
PA Temple ). QS Energy's primary technology is called Applied Oil Technology (AOT), a commercial-grade crude oil pipeline
transportation flow-assurance product. Engineered specifically to reduce pipeline pressure loss, increase pipeline flow rate and capacity,
and reduce shippers reliance on diluents and drag reducing agents to meet pipeline maximum viscosity requirements, AOT is a 100 
solid-state system that in lab and other tests has shown to reduce crude oil viscosity by applying a high intensity electrical field to
crude oil while in transit. AOT technology has shown to deliver reductions in crude oil viscosity and pipeline pressure loss as demonstrated
in independent third-party tests performed by the U.S. Department of Energy, the PetroChina Pipeline R D Center, and ATS RheoSystems,
a division of CANNON , at full-scale test facilities in the U.S. and China, and under commercial operating conditions on one of
North America s largest high-volume crude oil pipelines. Prior testing on a commercial crude oil condensate pipeline demonstrated
high correlation between laboratory analysis and full-scale AOT operations under commercial operating conditions with onsite measurements
and data collected by the pipeline operator on its supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA system. The AOT product
is still in development and testing and has transitioned from laboratory testing to initial demonstration and continued testing in advance
of our goal of seeking commercial acceptance and adoption by the upstream and midstream pipeline marketplace. We continue to devote the
bulk of our efforts to the promotion, design, testing and the commercial manufacturing and test operations of our crude oil pipeline products
in the upstream and midstream energy sector. Our efforts in the foregoing regard have been substantially hampered by our lack of capital.
We should be able to continue our efforts to commercialize our AOT product during 2023 only if we are able to raise sufficient capital
to do so. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to raise the capital we need to continue our efforts in 2023, or that any
such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms and conditions. 

Our Company was incorporated
on February 18, 1998, as a Nevada Corporation under the name Mandalay Capital Corporation. The Company changed its name to Save the World
Air, Inc. on February 11, 1999. Effective August 11, 2015, the Company changed its name to QS Energy, Inc. The name change was affected
through a short-form merger pursuant to Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Additionally, QS Energy Pool, Inc., a California
corporation, was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company on July 6, 2015 to serve as a vehicle for the Company to explore,
review and consider acquisition opportunities. To date, QS Energy Pool has not entered into any acquisition transaction. However, the
Company will still consider entering into potential beneficial acquisitions. The Company is considering dissolving QS Energy Pool to reduce
costs associated with operating this subsidiary. The Company s common stock is quoted under the symbol QSEP on the
Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (Pink Sheets). 

More information including
the Company s updates, fact sheet, logos and media articles are available at our corporate website, www.qsenergy.com. 

2 

Between 2011 and 2012, the
Company transitioned from prototype testing of its AOT technology at the U.S. Department of Energy Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center,
Midwest, Wyoming RMOTC ), to the design and production of full-scale commercial prototype units. The Company worked in a
collaborative engineering environment with multiple energy industry companies to refine the AOT Midstream commercial design to comply
with the stringent standards and qualification processes as dictated by independent engineering audit groups and North American industry
regulatory bodies. In May 2013, the Company s first commercial prototype unit known as AOT Midstream, was completed. 

In 2013, the Company entered
into an Equipment Lease/Option to Purchase Agreement TransCanada Lease with TransCanada Keystone Pipeline, L.P. by its
agent TC Oil Pipeline Operations, Inc. TransCanada which agreed to lease and test the effectiveness of the Company s
AOT technology and equipment on one of TransCanada s operating pipelines. As previously reported in our 10-K report filed with the
SEC on March 16, 2015, in June 2014, the equipment was accepted by TransCanada and the lease commenced and the first full test of the
AOT equipment on the Keystone pipeline was performed in July 2014 by Dr. Rongjia Tao of Temple University, with subsequent testing performed
by an independent laboratory, ATS RheoSystems, a division of CANNON ATS in September 2014. Upon review of the July
2014 test results and preliminary report by Dr. Tao, QS Energy and TransCanada mutually agreed that this initial test was flawed due to,
among other factors, the short-term nature of the test, the inability to isolate certain independent pipeline operating factors such as
fluctuations in upstream pump station pressures, and limitations of the AOT device to produce a sufficient electric field to optimize
viscosity reduction. Subsequent testing by ATS in September 2014 demonstrated viscosity reductions of 8 to 23 depending on flow rates
and crude oil types in transit. In its summary report, ATS concluded that i) data indicated a decrease in viscosity of crude oil flowing
through the TransCanada pipeline due to AOT treatment of the crude oil; and ii) the power supply installed on our equipment would need
to be increased to maximize reduction in viscosity and take full advantage of the AOT technology. More testing is required to establish
the commercial efficacy of our AOT technology. The TransCanada Lease was terminated by TransCanada, effective October 15, 2014. Upon termination
of the TransCanada Lease, all equipment was uninstalled, returned, inspected and configured for re-deployment. 

On July 15, 2014, the Company
entered into an Equipment Lease/Option to Purchase Agreement Kinder Morgan Lease with Kinder Morgan Crude Condensate,
LLC Kinder Morgan under which Kinder Morgan agreed to lease and test the effectiveness of the Company s AOT technology
and equipment on one of Kinder Morgan s operating crude oil condensate pipelines. Equipment provided under the Lease included a
single AOT Midstream pressure vessel with a maximum flow capacity of 5,000 gallons per minute. The equipment was delivered to Kinder Morgan
in December 2014 and installed in March 2015. In April 2015, during pre-start testing, low electrical impedance was measured in the unit,
indicating an electrical short. A replacement unit was installed in May 2015. The second unit also presented with low impedance when flooded
with crude condensate from Kinder Morgan s pipeline. Subsequent to design modifications, a remanufactured AOT unit was installed
and tested at Kinder Morgan s pipeline facility in August 2015. Initial results were promising, with the unit operating generally
as expected. However, voltage dropped as preliminary tests continued, indicating decreased impedance within the AOT pressure vessel. QS
Energy personnel and outside consultants performed a series of troubleshooting assessments and determined that, despite modifications
made to the AOT, conductive materials present in the crude oil condensate appeared to be the root cause of the decreased impedance. Based
on these results, QS Energy and Kinder Morgan personnel mutually agreed to put a hold on final acceptance of equipment under the lease
and suspended in-field testing to provide time to re-test crude oil condensate in a laboratory setting, and thoroughly review and test
selected AOT component design and fabrication. Subsequent analysis and testing led to changes in electrical insulation, inlet flow improvements
and other component modifications. These design changes were implemented and tested by Industrial Screen and Maintenance (ISM), one of
QS Energy's supply chain partners in Casper, Wyoming. Tests performed by ISM at its Wyoming facility indicated significant improvements
to system impedance and efficiency of electric field generation. 

3 

In February 2016, the modified
AOT equipment was installed at Kinder Morgan s facility. Pre-acceptance testing was performed in April 2016, culminating in more
than 24 hours of continuous operations. In-field viscosity measurements and pipeline data collected during this test indicated the AOT
equipment operated as expected, demonstrating viscosity reductions equivalent to those measured under laboratory conditions. Supervisory
Control And Data Acquisition SCADA pipeline operating data collected by Kinder Morgan during this test indicated a pipeline
pressure drop reduction consistent with expectations. Results of this test were promising; however, due to the short duration of the test
and limited data collection, definitive conclusions regarding the AOT performance and its impact on pipeline operations could not be reached.
Based on final analysis of in-field test results, SCADA operating data and subsequent analysis of crude oil condensate samples at Temple
University, it became unlikely Kinder Morgan would use the AOT at the original test location or other condensate pipeline. Kinder Morgan
expressed interest in AOT operations at one of their heavy crude pipeline locations subject to results of other AOT demonstration projects
and provided the Company with additional crude oil samples which have been tested at Temple University for future test correlation and
operational planning purposes. The Kinder Morgan Lease is currently in suspension and there are no current plans to resume the lease or
reinstall an AOT device at a Kinder Morgan facility. 

Southern Research Institute
(SRI) was engaged by QS Energy in 2015 to investigate the root cause of the crude oil condensate impedance issue by replicating conditions
experienced in the field utilizing a laboratory-scaled version of the AOT and crude oil condensate samples provided by Kinder Morgan.
In addition, QS Energy retained an industry expert petroleum pipeline engineer to review the AOT design and suggest design modifications
to resolve the crude oil condensate impedance issue. This engineer has studied design details, staff reports and forensic photographs
of each relevant AOT installation and test. Based on these investigations, specific modifications were proposed to resolve the impedance
issue, and improve the overall efficiency of the AOT device, resulting in a new value-engineered design of certain AOT internal components. 

During the third quarter of
2016, the Company developed an onsite testing program to demonstrate AOT viscosity reduction at prospective customer sites. This program
utilized a laboratory-scale AOT device designed and developed by the Company and tested at the Southern Research Institute. Under this
program, Company engineers set up a temporary lab at the customer s site to test a full range of crude oils. Fees charged for providing
this service were dependent on scope of services, crude oil sample to be tested, and onsite time requirements. In the fourth quarter 2016,
the Company entered a contract to provide these onsite testing services to a North American oil producer and pipeline operator over a
one-week period in early 2017 at a fixed price of 50,000. This test was performed in January 2017; data analysis and final report was
completed in March 2017. Test results demonstrated viscosity reduction under limited laboratory conditions. The oil producer requested
access to observe a full-scale demonstration facility and view operating data when they become available. 

In 2014, the Company began
development of a new suite of products based around the new electrical heat system which reduces oil viscosity through a process known
as joule heat Joule Heat ). The Company built and tested its first Joule Heat prototype in June 2015. The system was operational;
however, changes to the prototype configuration would be required to determine commercial effectiveness of this unit. In December 2015,
we suspended Joule Heat development activities to focus Company resources on finalizing commercial development of the AOT. We may resume
Joule Heat development in the future depending on the availability of sufficient capital and other resources. 

In July 2017, the Company
filed for trademark protection for the word eDiluent in advance of rolling out a new marketing and revenue strategy based
on the concept of using AOT to reduce pipeline dependence upon diluent to reduce viscosity of crude oils. A primary function of AOT is
to reduce viscosity by means of its solid-state electronics technology, in essence providing an electronic form of diluent, or eDiluent .
Subject to successful testing of our AOT technology and sufficient the availability of operating capital, the Company plans to market
and sell a value-added service under the name eDiluent, designed to be upsold by the Company s midstream pipeline customers in an
effort to provide the Company with long-term recurring revenues. 

4 

During the third quarter
2017, the Company built a dedicated laboratory space at its then Tomball, Texas facility, providing onsite testing utilizing our laboratory-scale
AOT device, among other equipment. Development of an AOT unit for use in crude oil upstream and gathering operations was restarted in
September 2017, utilizing resources at the Tomball, Texas facility. Also, during the third quarter 2017, the Company built an outdoor
facility at the Tomball, Texas site for onsite storage of AOT inventory and other large equipment. 

Throughout 2018 our primary
strategic goal was focused on installing and operating a demonstration AOT project on a commercial crude oil pipeline. Much of our time
was spent meeting with industry executives and engineers in North and South America and working with local representatives in the Asian
and the Middle Eastern markets. In December 2018, we reached mutual agreement with a major U.S.-based pipeline operator on a demonstration
project under which we would install and operate our AOT equipment on a crude oil pipeline located in the Southern United States. We believed
at the time that the selected project site would be ideal for demonstration purposes, delivering heavy crudes which, based on samples
tested at Temple University, and, subject to the discussion below, would experience significant viscosity reduction when treated with
our AOT technology. 

While management focused on
finding a partner and finalizing terms of the demonstration project, and in our continuing efforts to commercialize our AOT technology,
our engineering team worked throughout 2018 to prepare one of our inventoried AOT units for deployment. All system upgrade, inspections
and testing protocols were completed in December 2018. The pipeline operator finalized site selection and began site design and engineering
in January 2019, completing site preparation and equipment installation in June 2019. The project was installed within budget, quality
compliant, and without safety incidents. The system passed the pre-start safety review, data acquisition signal verifications, and mechanical
inspections. Under full crude oil flow, the system was confirmed to have no leaks and no environmental issues were noted. Data collected
during the full-flow startup phase confirmed internal differential pressures to be negligible and consistent with design specifications.
However, when the system was energized, and the unit was run-up to high-voltage operations, the primary power supply began to operate
erratically and had to be taken offline. Subsequent inspection determined the primary power supply had failed. 

After removing the primary
power supply, our engineers reconfigured the system to run off a smaller secondary power supply. Although this unit was not capable of
achieving target treatment voltage, we performed limited testing and troubleshooting measures, after which the damaged power supply was
shipped to the manufacturer for expedited repair and reconditioning. Inspections performed during the repair process indicated internal
power supply components had been physically damaged. Though not definitive, it appears that damage may have occurred during transit prior
to initial installation at the demonstration site. While the demonstration project was offline for power supply repairs, our engineering
team worked with oil samples pulled from the operating pipeline for testing at our then Tomball laboratory facility. These tests were
designed to confirm our target power requirements as accurately as possible and help us fine-tune enhancements planned for a new optimized
AOT internal grid pack design we had planned to test at the demonstration site as part of our continuing value engineering effort. 

During initial testing with
the small power supply, current draw was greater than prior field deployments. While it was expected that the small power supply would
not achieve treatment voltage, as voltage was increased, actual current draw experienced under test conditions exceeded the operating
limit of the power supply. Subsequent laboratory and in-field testing performed at our then Tomball facility showed the electrical conductivity
of the oil to be quite high and in line with field observations. Although these tests indicated the unit was generally functioning properly,
results further indicated the damaged power supply, once repaired, would not be capable of providing sufficient power to fully treat the
crude oil due to the oil s high electrical conductivity. In anticipation of this result, the Company initiated in advance of testing
parallel tasks of: i) installation of the repaired power supply to perform limited testing to confirm laboratory and in-field test results;
and ii) procurement of a new power supply capable of providing significantly more power and a modified AOT grid pack assembly reconfigured
and generally optimized based on the latest laboratory and in-field test results. 

5 

When the repaired power supply
was installed in late August 2019, the system operated as expected, and limited testing was performed at that time. Results of this limited
testing were consistent with laboratory tests performed to date. As expected, the repaired power supply was not capable of providing sufficient
power to fully treat the crude oil under commercial operating conditions. Based on results of this limited testing, Company engineers
completed designs and began implementation of modifications to the AOT internal grid pack assembly. 

The new high capacity power
supply and modified grid pack were installed in December 2019. However, prior to flooding the system with crude oil, early-phase startup
testing indicated an electrical short circuit. Subsequent inspection revealed damage to the internal grid pack which likely occurred during
installation. The grid pack was shipped offsite for repairs with reinstallation scheduled for January 2020. 

The AOT demonstration project
continued to experience setbacks during the first quarter of 2020. After repairing and re-installing the modified grid pack, the system
shut down again during commissioning presenting with error conditions similar to the December 2019 failure. At that time, based on external
inspections and on-site testing, our engineers suspected the grid pack had again been damaged during re-installation and that such suspected
damage was the most likely cause of the electrical short circuit. It was determined at that time the best course of action would be to
remove the modified grid pack and re-install the original grid pack which had previously been installed multiple times without sustaining
damage, and perform a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack in an effort to determine the cause of the electrical short circuit. 

Executing this plan, our team
removed the modified grid pack and re-installed the original grid pack assembly in the AOT in January 2020. After removal, our engineers
performed a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack. Inconsistent with expectations, no damage to the modified grid pack was found
during this inspection, leaving the cause of the electrical short circuit undiagnosed. 

In January and February 2020,
our engineers tested and attempted to operate the AOT under a variety of conditions. In these tests, the system could be run at high voltage,
but not high enough for treatment with the installed grid pack, under static shut-in conditions; however, the system continued
to shut down due to an electrical short circuit when operated under pressure. In simple terms, this means the system could be flooded
with crude oil and powered up in excess of 10,000 volts when the system was shut-in by closing the intake and outtake valves which isolates
the system from the pipeline s operating pressure. However, once the valves were opened and the system was subjected to the pipeline s
operating pressure, the system developed an electrical short circuit and shut down. 

As the presence of high pressure
appears to trigger the short circuit, it was the belief of our engineers that it is unlikely the fault is in the grid pack assembly as
this component is fully submerged in crude oil and is generally subjected to equal pressure on all components. The electrical short is
more likely developing in the electrical connection assembly built into the blind flange at the top of the pressure vessel, which is subjected
to high pressure under normal operating conditions. Unfortunately, this electrical connection assembly could not be inspected without
destroying the assembly itself. Instead, our engineers developed a plan to replace the installed blind flange and electrical connection
assembly with components from inventory which would be rebuilt prior to installation. 

6 

As part of an ongoing reliability-engineering
effort, our engineers at that time worked on incremental modifications to improve electrical isolation within the blind flange and electrical
connection assembly. These previously developed plans allowed us to move quickly with vendors and present an expedited plan to the pipeline
operator. In March 2020, our engineers designed modifications to the blind flange, electrical connections and related housing intended
to minimize the effects of high pressure and likelihood of internal electrical short circuits. Concurrently, a blind flange with high
voltage assembly was shipped from inventory to a shop with specialized equipment used to strip the flange of all electrical insulation
materials. Once the stripping process was complete, castings were made to complete the internal assembly. Our engineers believed at the
time that this modification could solve the electrical short issue we have experienced in prior tests. 

While the blind flange assembly
was being remanufactured, we took the opportunity to implement a number of relatively minor modifications to other system configurations
which had been planned for future units based on results of our engineering team s reliability engineering work over the past two
years. These modifications were designed to improve the reliability of internal electrical connections, increase the structural support
of the internal grid pack, and maintain higher quality control over internal component positioning and alignment during vertical installation. 

Notwithstanding our efforts,
the AOT system continues to be non-operational under normal operating conditions. As reported in previous updates on our website at https://qsenergy.com/updates
and in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020, the AOT system experienced shutdowns during the commissioning process. In December
2019, after installing a modified grid pack and new high-capacity power supply, the system shut down presenting with an electrical short
which was determined to be due to damage to the system s internal grid pack likely incurred during installation. After repairing
and re-installing the modified grid pack in January 2020, the system shut down again during commissioning presenting with error conditions
similar to the December 2019 failure. At that time, based on external inspections and on-site testing, our engineers suspected the grid
pack had again been damaged during re-installation and that such suspected damage was the most likely cause of the electrical short circuit.
As reported in our January 24, 2020 website update page, it was determined at that time the best course of action would be to remove the
modified grid pack and re-install the original grid pack which had previously been installed multiple times without sustaining damage,
and perform a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack in an effort to determine the cause of the electrical short circuit. 

Executing on this plan, our
team removed the modified grid pack and re-installed the original grid pack assembly in the AOT. After removal, our engineers performed
a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack. Inconsistent with our expectations, no damage to the modified grid pack was found during
this inspection, leaving the cause of the most recent electrical short circuit undiagnosed. 

We have tested and attempted
to operate the AOT under a variety of conditions. We have been able to bring the system up to high voltage under static shut-in 
conditions; however, as reported above, the system continued to shut down due to an electrical short circuit when operated under pressure.
In simple terms, as also reported above, this means we can flood the system with crude oil, shut-in the system by closing the intake and
outtake valves isolating the system from the pipeline s operating pressure, and power up the system in excess of 10,000 volts. Once
the valves are opened and the system is subjected to the pipeline s operating pressure, the system develops an electrical short
circuit and shuts down. Because of our inability to fully diagnose the cause of our current electrical problems, we can provide no assurances
that we will not face other operational issues after completing a full diagnosis and evaluation of our technology. 

As previously reported, in
December 2018, we entered into an agreement with a major U.S.-based pipeline operator under which the Company installed its AOT equipment
on a crude oil pipeline located in the Southern United States for testing and demonstration purposes. Based on laboratory tests and operations
of prototype equipment at other locations, we had a reasonable expectation that the equipment would operate successfully and that test
results would demonstrate quantifiable benefits to pipeline operators. This has not occurred. 

7 

As reported in the Company s
Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020 and June 29, 2020, respectively, and in website updates published on the
Company s website at https://qsenergy.com/updates, the Company experienced a number of difficulties and delays at the demonstration
site. Despite identifying and implementing numerous design modifications over several months, the Company was unable to successfully operate
its AOT equipment. 

In late June 2020, equipment
modifications intended to mitigate electrical short circuit issues identified in earlier tests were completed. During startup testing,
the system experienced a new failure mode in which the system could be operated at a baseline high voltage (well below operational voltage
required to treat heavy crude), but after a period of time, the system would drop to very low voltage indicating a reduction in electrical
resistance in the AOT. This voltage drop was both dynamic, developing over time as electrical current was applied; and transient, in
that the power supply could be shut-down and re-started with this voltage drop characteristic repeating. After reviewing these results
and running subsequent in-field tests at the direction of the power supply manufacturer, they recommended a configuration modification
to the control module of the system s high-voltage power supply which, in their experience, could resolve the system s ability
to maintain constant voltage under our unique operating conditions in which the AOT essentially acts as a very large capacitor. During
the first week of July 2020, we modified the power supply control module at the direction of the power supply manufacturer. Though this
modification did appear to solve the voltage drop issue, the AOT could not achieve operational voltage as the system control module indicated
arc-faults when high voltage was applied above the baseline voltage levels. After many attempts to bring the system up to operating voltage,
arc-faults continued until the AOT demonstrated symptoms of what appeared to be a dead short (electrical short-to-ground; voltage dropped
to zero) and the system could no longer be re-started. 

Our engineers have working
concepts as to what may be causing this most recent failure but will not be able to fully diagnose these issues at the demonstration site.
After discussions with our demonstration pipeline partner, it has been mutually agreed that the best course of action will be to move
the equipment from the demonstration site to another location where our engineers could disassemble and inspect the equipment. Our AOT
equipment has been moved to storage, inspection, and testing sites in the state of Mississippi and in Tomball, Texas. Our former demonstration
partner has indicated their continued interest in our AOT technology and may consider installation and operation of a new AOT demonstration
project if our operational issues can be resolved. 

Though our engineers have
working concepts as to what may be causing the most recent voltage drop and arc-fault issues, it is unknown whether these issues can be
solved with minor modifications to the current design. To fully diagnose and resolve these issues, new testing would likely need to be
performed in a laboratory setting. The time and cost of implementing such a plan would likely be significant. The Company does not currently
have sufficient capital to take on this endeavor. We shut down all testing of our AOT product in July 2020, due to a lack of operating
capital, except we received limited capital in 2021, allowing us to commence some additional testing of our AOT product. 

Following our receipt of such
limited capital, our engineer commenced re-testing operations in June 2021. Our engineer has reported that the AOT has been unloaded and
the electrical connection has been ordered. The unit will undergo testing to try and duplicate the electrical short condition experienced
at the test site. After initial testing, a troubleshooting sequence will be performed to attempt to identify the location of the short.
If an electrical short can be found based on our hypothesis, we intend to resolve it. If the electrical short cannot be found the AOT
will be disassembled and tested in pieces, assuming we are able to raise sufficient capital to do so. Additionally, laboratory materials
testing of the electrical insulation will be initiated. Measurement of the electrical properties of both newly cast and material both
exposed and submerged in fluid will be done to determine if the resin remains our material of choice. Our engineer reports that he is
expecting to visit the AOT in July 2021 to inspect all the connections and conduct initial testing while the AOT is empty. He further
reports that lab test fixtures are being designed and initial designs could be available for review in August 2021. Because of our inability
fully to diagnose the cause of our current electrical problems, we can provide no assurances that we will not face other operational issues
after completing a full diagnosis and evaluation of our technology, requiring additional capital, which, as pointed out, may not be available
to us. 

Additionally, if we are able
to raise sufficient capital we would also consider designing, testing and commercializing a smaller scale AOT unit targeting upstream,
trucking and rail applications. This strategy could reduce development time and costs, with the intention of moving back into the midstream
crude oil pipeline market subsequent to successful commercial operations at a smaller scale. 

8 

The Company currently has
limited capital resources and will need to raise substantial capital to continue operations. We are considering all options but can provide
no assurances that additional capital will be available to us, or if it is, that such additional capital will be offered at acceptable
terms, nor can we provide any assurances that if capital would be available to us on acceptable terms, any redesign and testing of our
AOT equipment would prove successful. 

Assuming the corrective actions
discussed above are achieved, our plans moving forward are centered on achieving commercial adoption of our AOT device. Assuming successful
operations, we believe the AOT project should provide data requested by prospective customers such as real-time changes in viscosity,
pipeline pressure drop reduction and increases in pipeline operating flowrates. All collected data at the AOT demonstration site will
be normalized such that it can be used to evaluate the financial and operational benefits across a wide range of commercial operating
scenarios without disclosing confidential details of our demonstration partner s operations. We believe that real-world data from
our AOT project may be used to accelerate our desire to achieve commercial adoption of our AOT technology, positioning us to re-engage
with industry executives. 

The results of the electrical
testing of the insulating material showed that the material is functioning as designed. However, during the testing it was discovered
that the material swells when exposed to crude oil. The current design does not accommodate a change in size of the parts. New materials
were sourced and tested as potential replacements. A couple of new materials have been found that offer improved stability when submerged
in crude oil for extended periods of time. To expedite the search several materials tested were purchased of the shelf while working with
our vendors to source new commercial materials. The data has been shared with our vendors and they are working on providing us with samples
of commercial versions of the promising materials. 

We have also validated that
a new design concept for the grid pack will reduce arcing and allowed us to apply full voltage during a recent test. A 3rd party engineering
firm with proper experience and three-dimensional modeling software was engaged. A design review has been completed and final drawings
have been received. Drawings have been sent to our vendors for review and pending no issues the ordering process for prototype parts,
for fit and electrical testing, should commence at some point during fiscal year 2022. 

The work through May 2022
mainly focused on selecting a new material of construction for the insulating parts to reduce possible absorption of oil by the insulators.
Absorbing components from crude oil could lead to a change in size and possibly to unanticipated mechanical and electrical properties. 

In August 2022 we completed
the testing of the stack assembly. The stack assembly did not suffer the arcing problems we saw when testing a stack assembly made from
parts of the full size AOT. It appeared that we accomplished the goal of eliminating the sources of arcing that prevented us from achieving
treatment voltages with this new design. 

The lessons learned during
the stack assembly test have been applied and the results incorporated into the designs for the spacer rings and the screens. This change
to the isolator ring design resulted in some iterative designs to optimize the casting tooling or molds. The time spent on this redesign
created a delay in our goal for testing in September 2022. 

Since reporting our findings
on October 7, 2021, we have been able to positively confirm and correct 80 of what we have determined thus far to be the necessary improvements
for a reliable and field worthy AOT. Based on the results of the recent component testing, we were able to rework the original grid pack,
achieve high voltage in air and oil to verify that the individual components worked when assembled. As previously explained, the reason
for component testing is to reveal a potential problem that could be otherwise concealed with a fully assembled AOT. 

9 

Once all the parts were
delivered for a full AOT, we assembled the stack and installed the stack into the vessel. The vessel was filled with oil and tested.
We were able to apply full voltage of 40.1kV to the AOT. We believe the AOT is ready to test with customer oil and be deployed back
into the field. Having achieved a positive hydrostatic test, we were able to have our final engineering call with our new potential
development partner. We are currently in pursuit of an LOI to include financial metrics for a commercially viable contract. 

At this point, we have reopened
discussions with our original development partner as well as reaching out to others. While we have tested with a representative oil sample,
we have not yet reached an agreement with a development partner allowing us to test a development partner's actual pipeline oil as a prelude
to another field test. Our efforts continue to reach agreement with a suitable development partner as our next step to develop and commercialize
our AOT technology. 

QS Energy is working to maintain
normal operations during the current COVID-19 pandemic under social distancing and shelter-in-place guidelines as recommended or required
by the CDC, federal, state and county government agencies. Over the past few years, the Company moved much of its operations to the cloud.
Our employees can perform most vital functions remotely. Currently, most day-to-day operations have been minimally impacted by COVID-19. 

It is unclear, however, what
impact COVID-19 may have on our supply chain, or on our ability to operate and test our AOT technology. As of the date of this report,
few suppliers related to our testing efforts have announced reduced operating capacity or advised us of delays related to COVID-19 restrictions;
furthermore, we have not been made aware of any COVID-19 restrictions at that would impact our ability to restart our onsite testing
activities. 

Our expenses to date have
been funded through the sale of shares of common stock and convertible debt, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock purchase warrants
and options. We will need to raise substantial additional capital through 2023, and beyond, to fund work on our AOT, our sales and marketing
efforts, continuing research and development, and certain other expenses, including without limitation, legal and accounting expenses,
until we are able to achieve a revenue base. We can provide no assurances that additional capital will be available to us, or if it is,
that such additional capital will be offered at acceptable terms. Please see note 12 (Subsequent Events) of our Consolidated Financial
Statements, attached hereto. 

There are significant risks
associated with our business, our Company and our stock. See Risk Factors, below. 

Our Business Strategy 

Assuming we are able to raise
sufficient capital, we intend to continue to seek commercialization and marketing of our current technologies. Our current and primary
product portfolio is dedicated to the crude oil production and transportation marketplace, with a specifically targeted product offering
for enhancing the flow-assurance parameters of new and existing pipeline gathering and transmission systems. 

Our primary goal is to provide
the oil industry with a cost-effective method by which to increase the number of barrels of oil able to be transported per day through
the industry s existing and newly built pipelines. The greatest impact on oil transport volume may be realized through reductions
in pipeline operator reliance on diluent for viscosity reduction utilizing AOT technology; a process the Company refers to as electronic
diluent, or eDiluent . The Company filed for trademark protection of the term eDiluent in 2017. We also seek to provide the
oil industry with a way to reduce emissions from operating equipment. We believe our goals are realizable via viscosity reduction using
our AOT product line. 

10 

We believe QS Energy s
technologies will enable the petroleum industry to gain key value advantages boosting profit, while satisfying the needs of regulatory
bodies at the same time. Key players in the pipeline industry continue to demonstrate interest in our technologies. 

Our manufacturing strategy
is to contract with third-party vendors and suppliers, each with a strong reputation and proven track record in the pipeline industry.
These vendors are broken up by product component subcategory, enabling multiple manufacturing capacity redundancies and safeguards to
be utilized. In addition, this strategy allows the Company to eliminate the prohibitively high capital expenditures such as costs of building,
operating and maintaining its own manufacturing facilities, ratings, personnel and licenses, thereby eliminating unnecessary capital intensity
and risk. 

Our identified market strategy
is to continue meeting with oil and gas industry executives in the upstream, gathering, and midstream sectors from both domestic and foreign
companies. Our goal is to introduce our technology to oil and gas companies and to demonstrate potential value for the purposes of negotiating
commercial implementation of our AOT technology to their existing infrastructures. 

Our strategy includes: 

1. 
 Continue optimization and value engineering of our AOT Midstream commercial product line. 

2. 
 Install and operate AOT equipment on a commercial midstream pipeline. 

3. 
 Directly market AOT technology to midstream pipeline operators based on results and analysis of data from the AOT demonstration project. 

5. 
 Present demonstration project results and analysis at various trade conferences. 

6. 
 Continue to make inroads and meet with key strategic potential customers in the following geographic regions: 

a. 
 United States 

b. 
 Canada 

c. 
 South and Central America 

d. 
 Middle East 

e. 
 Asia 

7. 
 Continue to make inroads and strategic alliances with additional supply chain and logistics support to rapidly expand our production capacity beyond its current physical limitations, adding capacity, reach and stability with pre-approved supply chain members that meet the criteria of the customers procurement divisions. 

8. 
 Develop new AOT technologies crude oil technologies with the potential to expand our market reach upstream and gathering pipeline, offshore pipelines, rail and trucking containers, and crude oil container ships. 

9. 
 Continue to collaborate on scientific and technical whitepaper reports, product development enhancements, and additional products with our engineering support, consultants and relationships. 

10. 
 Seek long-term recurring revenues by directly offering or licensing electronic viscosity reduction (electronic diluent, or eDiluent as a service to reduce reliance on physical diluent. 

11 

Market Analysis Overview 

QS Energy s AOT crude
oil viscosity reduction technology directly targets the heavy crude oil transportation industry, initially targeting the midstream crude
oil pipeline operations which deliver high volumes of heavy crude oil to market. The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) forecasts
U.S. crude oil production will average 13.0 million barrels per day in 2020, up 0.8 million barrels per day from 2019, but then fall to
12.7 million barrels per day in 2021. The forecast decline in 2021 is in response to lower oil prices and would mark the first annual
U.S. crude oil production decline since 2016. Worldwide, EIA forecasts crude oil prices averaging 43.30 per barrel in 2020, increasing
to 55.36 per barrel in 2021. In recent months, oil prices have been driven to local lows due to a number of external factors. In March
2020, combined factors of the coronavirus pandemic and increase OPEC output drove Brent Crude prices as low as 20 per barrel compared
to an average 64 per barrel for Brent Crude in 2019. Despite this quick drop in crude prices, long-term forecasts remain strong. The
EIA forecasts that, by 2025, the average price of a barrel of Brent crude oil will rise to 82 per barrel, growing to 93 per barrel (quoted
in 2018 dollars to remove the effects of inflation). Prices are expected to continue to increase as cheap sources of oil are exhausted,
making it more expensive to extract oil. 

In 2019, demand for crude
oil averaged 101 million barrels per day. The EIA forecasts demand will remain flat, averaging 102 million barrels per day by the end
of 2021. Long-term, EIA forecasting demand to grow at an average of 0.4 annually. Commitments to stop climate change introduced more
uncertainty into future oil demand. Barclays predicted that oil demand could peak by 2025, falling by as much as 30 by 2050 if countries
kept their Paris Climate Accord commitments. 

2018 worldwide crude oil production
at 82 million barrels per day. North American production (U.S. and Canada) is estimated at 16 million barrels per day. At 50 per barrel,
this represents annual worldwide and North American sales of 1.5 trillion and 292 billion, respectively. The EIA estimates 71 worldwide
crude oil production is transported by midstream pipelines, with 90 of North American production transported by midstream pipelines.
In 2014, the Congressional Research Service estimated the average cost of midstream pipeline transportation at 5 per barrel. Assuming
a 5 per barrel transportation cost and 2018 crude oil production rates, annual worldwide and North American midstream crude oil transportation
costs are approximately 83 billion and 22 billion, respectively. 

The energy sector continues
to operate in a period of both rapid change and expansion. Due to the relatively recent and widespread adoption of advanced oilfield drilling
and completion technologies, known as enhanced oil recovery (EOR) techniques, enormous reserves of tight oil and gas are
now recoverable from shale formations throughout North America and the world. This historic surge in upstream crude oil production has
resulted in costly and persistent transportation bottlenecks when moving upstream production to downstream storage, offloading facilities
and refineries. This persistent and severe industrywide problem is stimulating investments in new and existing pipeline infrastructure
and a reliance on less desirable alternate forms of transport, including rail and freight truck. 

12 

Since the initial use of EOR
or tertiary recovery techniques in the 1970s, oil and gas producers have progressively relied more heavily on the application of gas and
chemical injection as well as thermal recovery. These extraction techniques, coupled with a much greater number of new wells in active
oilfields, has raised the output of reservoirs by 30 to 60 percent above traditional primary and secondary recovery practices. Due to
the rapid adoption of advanced extraction technologies throughout the U.S. energy industry, a 34-year decline in domestic oil and gas
production was reversed in 2006. Historically high output from massive shale formations such as North Dakota s Bakken, Texas 
Eagle Ford and Permian Basin, Colorado s Green River and Utah s Uintah Basin continues to the present day. 

Other nations with significant
exploitable shale formations include Russia, China, Argentina, Colombia, Ecuador, Libya, Australia, Venezuela, Mexico and dozens of others,
providing a ready market for crude oil pipeline optimization technologies as production comes online. All told, the U.S. Energy Information
Administration estimates there to be 345 billion barrels of identified and recoverable shale oil worldwide. 

Consequently, oil production
exceeds the capacity of existing pipelines in the U.S., Canada, South and Central America, and many other regions of the world, often
resulting in delivery delays to refineries and increased reliance on more costly rail and tanker truck transport. 

Recently, the softening of
oil prices worldwide has incentivized producers and transporters to reduce costs and seek technologies that can provide greater operational
efficiencies. AOT is specifically designed to increase pipeline capacity, while reducing reliance on diluent, pipeline operating costs
and overhead, thereby increasing margins and delivering measurable competitive advantages. 

Projected Pipeline Infrastructure Investment 

Among the challenges facing
the global crude oil production and transportation sectors, few are as intransigent or detrimental to the industry as the transportation
bottlenecks and well-to-market delivery delays that are endemic here in North America and overseas. While new pipeline infrastructure
projects are underway here in the U.S., Canada and in foreign markets, gaining legislative approval is a lengthy process and their construction
is highly capital-intensive. 

Although pipelines are by
far the safest and most economical transportation method, outmoded pipeline infrastructure constructed primarily in the 1950s and 1960s
cannot provide the capacity necessary to move production downstream to storage, refinery and offloading facilities. Consequently, delivery
delays to refineries and reliance on less desirable rail and tanker truck transport have increased exponentially since 2008 when the shale
boom began in earnest. Data compiled by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, IHS Global and the American Petroleum Institute identify
billions in lost revenue opportunities for E P companies and tax collection agencies in leading oil producing states such as Texas,
North Dakota, Alaska, California, Colorado, Wyoming and Utah directly attributable to production takeaway constraints. 

Despite the recently depressed
price level of global oil benchmarks, experts forecast continued growth in crude oil pipeline capital expenditures. In June 2018, the
Interstate National Gas Association of America published a study titled North America Midstream Infrastructure through 2035. 
Among its key findings, this report estimates 321 billion will be invested in midstream crude oil infrastructure between 2018 and 2035.
This demand is largely due to capacity constraints coupled with the high cost of delivering crude oil by truck or rail. 

13 

We believe QS Energy s
AOT technology is strategically aligned with the major requirements and challenges facing the petroleum pipeline economy. The AOT is designed
to increase pipeline flowrate while relaxing pipeline viscosity requirements, effectively increasing pipeline capacity and reducing or
eliminating bottlenecks. This has the ancillary benefit of reducing the need to add diluent or heat to reduce viscosity while reducing
reliance on more costly truck and rail transport to meet increasing capacity demands. Our AOT technology may also mitigate costly operating
factors such as vapor pressure, pigging (pipeline cleaning) frequency, power consumption, and onset of turbulent flow. Of these factors,
vapor pressure, which may be mitigated by AOT through reduced reliance on diluent and a reduction in heat buildup in transit, is of high
importance to many pipeline operators as vapor pressure is tightly controlled by the EPA and is very expensive to mitigate by other means.
We are now seeking to commercialize AOT as a cost-efficient solution for both new and existing pipeline operations. 

Target Markets 

The oil and gas sector market
can be segmented into three primary categories: Upstream Producers, Midstream Transporters and Downstream Refiners: 

The Upstream segment is involved in the exploration and production (E P) of oil and gas. 

Midstream companies and partnerships transport oil and gas to markets via pipelines, rail and shipping, and provide storage in the field and at the destination location. 

The Downstream sector refines oil and gas into finished products and, in cooperation with manufacturers and retailers, markets and distributes fuels and other refined petroleum products. 

Upstream Producers 

The Upstream segment has the
greatest exposure to commodity prices. When prices fall as has been the case recently, they feel the brunt of this realignment. They also
have the most to gain from additional flow throughput capacity and therefore would see immediate benefit from QS Energy s AOT. 

This sector is typically nimble
and faces few barriers to entry. With clear financial upside for every additional barrel of crude oil that they are able to transport,
these companies are often open to new and innovative technology capable of providing greater efficiencies, lower costs and improved cash
flow. Upstream producers physically move the most volume of product. They are customers to the Midstream transporters and enter into long-term
contractual shipping obligations (tariff-based transportation contracts) with Midstream transporters to secure the movement of product
from their fields to the refiners and markets downstream. 

14 

Producers make the spot market
price for every barrel delivered to refinery, minus the transport costs, tariffs, and marketing discounts associated with bringing the
product to market. A rough rule of thumb for this market is that the further away they are from the refinery, the higher the transport
costs to deliver the product. Discussions with Upstream entities has uncovered strong interest in solutions that unlock chokepoints from
their field equipment to the transmission line loading terminals through viscosity reduction (AOT). In addition, this group would also
benefit from transporters implementing our AOT transmission-line series due to its ability to increase the overall flow capacity of pipelines
transporting product from loading terminals to market. 

Midstream Gathering Transporters 

A subset of the Midstream
transporters sector is the gathering line operators. This group often functions as a part of the Upstream producers operations,
or within the Midstream transporter s operations. Midstream gathering lines are the regional transportation infrastructure that
connect Upstream oilfield gathering lines to Midstream long-distance main trunk lines. Typically, these pipelines are of a relatively
short length (20-100 miles) and have diameters between 6 and 12 , and could benefit from our smaller, lower cost AOT technology. 

Midstream entities transport
the bulk of the world s crude oil output via the 400,000 miles of crude oil pipelines globally. Domestically, they deliver a large
percentage of the U.S. daily production of 9.2 million barrels per day through 160,000 miles of crude pipelines. Midstream operators represent
a strong and ready market for AOT, and field test deployments for both solutions are underway. 

The pipeline transport operators 
business model is to charge a tariff to transport each barrel of oil through their pipeline. Due to the high daily volume of oil being
transported and its value as a commodity, even incremental performance efficiencies can drive significant reductions in overhead reduction
and increases in toll revenues. AOT may also provide pipeline operators the opportunity to offer on-demand electronic diluent as a service
at a premium fee to customers highly dependent on diluent to meet viscosity requirements. 

The potential benefits of
AOT includes increased flow, reduced pipeline operating pressure and reduced friction losses and friction-induced heat build-up, providing
economic benefits through increased capacity and toll rate income, and regulatory benefits through reductions in BTU per ton-mile, off-gassing
and reduced carbon emissions (CO2). 

Other heavy crude oil transporters 

Truck, rail and marine crude
oil carriers rely on heat and other costly and potentially hazardous measures to address the difficulties of onloading and offloading
thick, heavy crudes. The Company is investigating AOT equipment designs specifically targeting this market s viscosity and vapor
pressure requirements and related evaporation mitigation practices mandated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 

15 

Our Products and Technology 

AOT Commercial Products 

Beginning in the second quarter
of 2012, the Company began the design and engineering efforts required to transition from laboratory and prototype testing to AOT units
designed for full-scale commercial testing. The Company established its supply chain, designs, drawings, engineering, certifications and
specifications to comply with the engineering audit processes as dictated by the energy industry regulation processes and North American
regulatory bodies. We have built, delivered and tested, under limited duration and conditions, AOT equipment on a high-volume commercial
pipeline. We have not proven the commercial viability of this product. Please see ITEM 1A, Risk Factors , for a discussion
associated with the commercial viability of our products. 

The first commercial deployment
of AOT occurred on the Keystone Pipeline in Udall, Kansas in May 2014, utilizing four AOT pressure vessels in a parallel 4-Pack 
configuration for a cumulative capacity of 600,000 barrels per day. This system was operated under normal pipeline operating conditions
as reported in the ATS RheoSystems field test summary report dated February 5, 2015. See section titled Laboratory and Scientific
Testing below for more information on test procedures and results. Subsequent to testing and termination of the TransCanada lease,
the AOT 4-Pack was uninstalled and reconfigured for deployment as four individual AOT units. 

Our second AOT commercial
installation was a single AOT deployment initially installed in March 2015 on the Kinder Morgan Crude Condensate pipeline, which
provides takeaway capacity for the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas, primarily delivering light crude oil. As discussed in the Overview
section above, equipment was installed limited operations and tests were performed in 2015 and 2016. Based on final analysis of in-field
test results, SCADA operating data and subsequent analysis of crude oil samples at Temple University, it is unlikely Kinder Morgan would
use the AOT at the original test location or other condensate pipeline. Kinder Morgan may consider AOT operations at one of their heavy
crude pipeline locations subject to results of other AOT demonstration projects. 

The Company continues to optimize
and value engineer its AOT product line, targeting both midstream and upstream markets. The Company has installed an AOT demonstration
project in cooperation with a major U.S. pipeline operator. As described in the Overview section above, this project has experienced numerous
failures during initial testing which the Company is working to correct. As reported above, the project was removed from the demonstration
site. 

Joule Heat Product Development 

The Company began development
of its Joule Heat product in 2014, based around the new electrical heat system which reduces oil viscosity through a process known as
joule heat, specifically targeting the upstream crude oil transportation market. The Company s first Joule Heat prototype was installed
for testing purposes under a joint development agreement with Newfield Exploration Company in June 2015 and the system was operational;
however, changes to the prototype configuration will be required to determine commercial effectiveness of this unit. In December 2015,
we suspended Joule Heat development activities to focus Company resources on finalizing commercial development of the AOT. We may resume
Joule Heat development in the future depending on the availability of sufficient capital and other resources. 

16 

AOT Commercial Supply Chain 

The Company has developed
a supply chain for fabrication of the commercial AOT. The supply chain consists of multiple component suppliers and manufacturing companies
engaged under Independent Contractor Agreements according to their respective fields of expertise. The supply chain entities have been
chosen for their ability to work collaboratively with QS Energy and for their existing relationships with current and potential future
customers of QS Energy technologies. The external components such as pressure vessels, inlet and outlet piping header systems, personnel
and equipment shelters have been manufactured under contract with Power Service Inc. with offices in Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Montana,
North Dakota, and Texas. Internal components such as grid packs, electrical connections and other machined parts have been manufactured
by Industrial Screen and Maintenance, with offices in Wyoming and Colorado. All equipment is manufactured in the United States of America,
using only approved raw materials and vendors for quality control and import/export compliance purposes and meet the certifications and
specifications as dictated by our customers and their independent oversight and auditing authorities. 

Other components such as power
systems, electrical junction boxes, cabling, hardware, switches, circuit breakers, computer equipment, sensors, SCADA/PLC, software and
other power and integration equipment are purchased as complete units from various suppliers with operations based throughout North America.
All component vendors are required to meet or exceed the same specifications as the parts manufacturers to maintain compliance as dictated
by our customers and their independent oversight and auditing authorities. 

AOT Intellectual Property 

The Company began its own
independent audit process for the updating of its intellectual property portfolio in 2012. The goal of this process was to streamline
unnecessary legacy items left over from prior management, consolidate efforts to countries and regions of interest and retire items that
were no longer valid or had been replaced with new intellectual property developments. In 2013, the Company retained the law firm of Jones
Walker LLP, with operations based in Houston, Texas and began consolidation and streamlining efforts to manage intellectual properties. 

QS Energy is currently maintaining
and licensing from Temple University a portfolio of domestic and international patents, which have either been granted or have been published
and are pending subject to final approval by the respective patent agency. Each of these intellectual properties are related to QS Energy s
AOT, Joule Heat and Fuel Injector technologies. Subject to additional capital funding, we intend actively to continue to develop and market
our AOT technology. Development of QS Energy s Fuel Injector and Joule Heat technologies have been suspended. The Company continues
to maintain a license agreement with Temple University with respect to the underlying Fuel Injector patents, and is considering its options
to re-start commercialization, sublicense the technology, or terminate the fuel injector license agreement with Temple. For details of
the licensing agreements with Temple University, see Financial Statements attached hereto, Note 6. Please see ITEM 1A, Risk Factors below
for a discussion of risks associated with these intellectual properties. 

17 

Current Business Status 

As reported above, our AOT
technology had design and operational flaws, and continues to require substantial testing and development, requiring a substantial infusion
of capital in the Company. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital required to continue our efforts
to commercialize our AOT technology. With limited capital, reported above, the Company is currently seeking to correct the failures associated
with its AOT technology. Once operational, the Company plans to analyze and use AOT performance data to re-engage current and new prospective
customers in our primary target North American and South American midstream crude oil markets. See the Overview section above for details. 

Throughout 2021, our efforts
have been tightly focused on executing our AOT demonstration project strategy. A number of companies in North America, South America and
the Middle East have expressed interest in our technology and a desire to review demonstration project test results and visit the demonstration
site. Assuming successful operations, we believe our AOT project should provide data requested by prospective customers such as real-time
changes in viscosity, pipeline pressure drop reduction and increases in pipeline operating flowrates. All collected data will be normalized
such that it can be used to evaluate the financial and operational benefits across a wide range of commercial operating scenarios without
disclosing confidential details of our operations. We believe that real-world data from our AOT project could be used to accelerate our
desire to achieve commercial adoption of our AOT technology, positioning us to re-engage with industry executives. 

Laboratory and Scientific Testing 

From 2010 through 2013, the
Company worked with the U.S. Department of Energy US DOE to test its technology at the Department of Energy s Rocky
Mountain Oilfield Testing Center RMOTC ), near Casper, Wyoming. This third-party testing independently verified the efficacy
of the Company s technology operating in a controlled facility, using commercial-scale prototype of our AOT equipment. These tests
were summarized in the US DOE Rocky Mountain Oilfield Test Center report dated April 4, 2012 ROMRC Report ), which reported
AOT measured pressure loss reduction of 40 and viscosity reduction of 40 ; and reported observed reductions in line-loss and gains in
pump operation efficiency across the entire length of the 4.4-mile test pipeline. A subsequent long-duration (24-hour) test at the RMOTC
facility tested the effectiveness of AOT in treating oil overnight, as pipeline oil temperatures and viscosities drop. In its report dated
May 3, 2012 to May 4, 2012, US DOE engineers recorded 56 reduction in viscosity of the AOT-treated oil versus untreated oil, with AOT
effectively stabilizing oil viscosity throughout the overnight run despite dropping temperatures. 

18 

Laboratory testing of our
AOT technology has been conducted by Dr. Rongjia Tao. Testing of the technology as applied to crude oil transmission has been conducted
at Temple University in their Physics Department, in addition to the US DOE, at their Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, located
on the Naval Petroleum Reserve #3 Teapot Dome Oilfield, north of Casper, Wyoming. In addition, a group led by Dr. Rongjia Tao, Chairman,
Department of Physics of Temple University conducted experiments, using the laboratory-scale Applied Oil Technology apparatus at the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Center for Neutron Research (CNR). NIST is an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce,
founded in 1901 in Gaithersburg, Maryland. 

Independent laboratory testing
was also conducted as a collaborative effort by Temple University and PetroChina Pipeline R D Center PetroChina in
2012. In its report dated June 26, 2012 PetroChina Report ), PetroChina concluded, The above series of tests show
that it is very effective to use AOT to reduce the viscosity of crude oil. We can see that AOT has significantly reduced the viscosity
of Daqing crude oil, Changqing crude oil, and Venezuela crude oil, and greatly improved its flow rate. 

As previously reported in
2014, QS Energy installed and tested its commercial AOT equipment, leased and operated by TransCanada on TransCanada s high-volume
Keystone pipeline operation. The first full test of the AOT equipment on the Keystone pipeline was performed in July 2014, with preliminary
data analyzed and reported by Dr. Rongjia Tao of Temple University. Upon review of the July 2014 test results and preliminary report by
Dr. Tao, QS Energy and TransCanada mutually agreed that this initial test was flawed due to, among other factors, the short-term nature
of the test, the inability to isolate certain independent pipeline operating factors such as fluctuations in upstream pump station pressures,
and limitations of the AOT device to produce a sufficient electric field to optimize viscosity reduction. Although Dr. Tao s preliminary
report indicated promising results, QS Energy and TransCanada mutually agreed that no conclusions could be reliably reached from the July
2014 test or from Dr. Tao s preliminary report. As a result of this test, the Company modified its testing protocols and contracted
with an independent laboratory, ATS RheoSystems, a division of CANNON ATS ), to perform follow-up tests at the TransCanada
facility. This independent laboratory performed viscosity measurements at the TransCanada facility during subsequent testing in September
2014. As detailed in its field test report dated October 6, 2014, ATS measured AOT viscosity reductions of 8 to 23 depending on flow
rates and crude oil types in transit. Over the duration of a 24-hour test intended to measure the recovery of the AOT treated oil from
its reduced-viscosity treated state to its original pre-treated viscosity, ATS measured viscosity reductions of 23 three hours after
treatment and 11 thirteen hours after treatment, with the crude oil returning to its untreated state approximately twenty-two hours after
treatment. In its summary report dated February 5, 2015, ATS concluded that i) data indicated a decrease in viscosity of crude oil flowing
through the TransCanada pipeline due to AOT treatment of the crude oil; and ii) the power supply installed on our equipment would need
to be increased to maximize reduction in viscosity and take full advantage of the AOT technology. 

Although, as reported by ATS,
the efficacy of the AOT technology operated in the TransCanada field test was constrained due to limitations of the electric field applied
by that unit s power supply, subsequent analysis by QS Energy personnel of ATS test results compared against laboratory tests performed
at Temple University on oil samples provided by TransCanada revealed a single test run in which the electric field generated by the AOT
was sufficient to fully treat the oil given operating conditions at the time of the test. In this test run, ATS measured a 23 reduction
in viscosity three hours after AOT treatment. Laboratory tests at Temple University performed on a sample of crude oil provided by TransCanada
of the same type treated in that specific field test measured a 27 reduction in viscosity in the laboratory immediately following treatment.
Allowing for the actual three-hour of recovery time of the field test measurement, the resulting field test viscosity reduction of 23 
correlates very well to the 27 viscosity reduction achieved in the laboratory setting. 

19 

Due to the small sample size
of tests performed during the TransCanada field test, results reported by ATS are statistically inconclusive and cannot be relied upon
to provide proof of AOT efficacy. While more testing is required to establish the efficacy of our AOT technology, we are encouraged by
the findings of our independent research laboratory and the results of subsequent comparative analysis of data collected under laboratory
and commercial operating conditions. We look forward to further development and commercialization of our technology. The TransCanada Lease
was terminated by TransCanada, effective October 15, 2014. The Company has modified the design of the AOT power supply such that future
installations of the AOT device are expected to achieve sufficient electric field to optimize viscosity reduction. 

The Company contracted Southern
Research Company SRI in 2015 to perform independent laboratory tests on its prototype Joule Heat units AOT Upstream units.
SRI performed tests on a prototype Joule Heat unit in September 2015, which showed promising results in which the Joule Heat prototype
was observed to increase crude oil temperatures. In December 2015, we suspended Joule Heat and AOT Upstream development activities to
focus Company resources on finalizing commercial development of the AOT Midstream. 

See also our discussion above
in Item 1. Under the section labeled Overview. 

Competition 

The oil transportation industry
is highly competitive. We are aware of only three currently available competitive technologies in widespread use for reducing the viscosity
of oil throughout the world. Many of our competitors have greater financial, research, marketing and staff resources than we do. For instance,
oil pipeline operators use heat, diluents such as naphtha and/or natural gasoline, and/or chemical viscosity reduction additives, or chemical
drag-reducing agents to improve flow in pipelines. Our research indicates that these methods are either very energy-intensive, or costly
to implement on a day-to-day basis. Management believes that the Company s AOT technology presents advantages over traditional methods,
yet the industry s willingness to experiment with new technology may pose some challenges in acceptance. 

We are not aware of any other
technology using uniform electrical field crude oil viscosity reduction technology which is designed to significantly improve pipeline
operation efficiency. Although we are unaware of any technologies that compete directly with our technologies, there can be no assurance
that any unknown existing or future technology will not be superior to products incorporating our AOT technology. Major domestic and international
manufacturers and distributors of pipeline flow-improvement chemical solutions include Pemex, Petrotrin, Pluspetrol, Repsol, Glencore,
Conoco-Philips, and Baker-Hughes. According to our research, heater skid manufacturers are generally local to the oilfield and pipeline
regions, and are comprised of a large number of relatively small businesses in a fragmented industry. Major heater skid manufacturers
are Parker, KW International, Thermotech Systems, LTD. 

Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 

Our research and development
activities are not subject to any governmental regulations that would have a significant impact on our business and we believe that we
are in compliance with all applicable regulations that apply to our business as it is presently conducted. Our products, as such, are
not subject to certification or approval by the EPA or other governmental agencies domestically or internationally. Depending upon whether
we manufacture or license our products in the future and in which countries such products are manufactured or sold, we may be subject
to regulations, including environmental regulations, at such time. 

20 

Non-Disclosure Agreements 

To protect our intellectual
property, we have entered into agreements with certain employees and consultants, which limit access to, and disclosure or use of, our
technology. There can be no assurance, however, that the steps we have taken to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property or
third-party development of our technology and/or processes will be adequate, that others will not independently develop similar technologies
and/or processes or that secrecy will not be breached. In addition, although management believes that our technology has been independently
developed and does not infringe on the proprietary rights of others, there can be no assurance that our technology does not and will not
so infringe or that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. Management believes that the steps they
have taken to date will provide some degree of protection; however, no assurance can be given that this will be the case. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had two (2) full-time employees. We also utilized the services of part-time consultants on an as-needed basis to assist us with
various matters, including engineering, logistics, investor relations, public relations, accounting and sales and marketing. We intend
to hire additional personnel to provide services when they are needed on a full-time basis. We recognize that our efficiency largely depends,
in part, on our ability to hire and retain additional qualified personnel as and when needed and we have adopted procedures to assure
our ability to do so. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We have a history of losses,
and we cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. As a result, you may lose your entire investment. 

We generated insignificant
revenues from operations in late 2006 and subsequently did not generate any revenues until 2014 and we have incurred recurring net losses
every year since our inception in 1998. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net losses of 1,548,000 and
 1,420,000 respectively. To date, we have dedicated most of our financial resources to research and development, general and administrative
expenses and initial sales and marketing activities. We have funded all of our activities through sales of our debt and equity securities
for cash. We anticipate net losses and negative cash flow to continue until such time as our products are brought to market in sufficient
amounts to offset operating losses. Our ability to achieve profitability is dependent upon our continuing research and development, product
development, and sales and marketing efforts, to deliver viable products and the Company s ability to successfully bring them to
market. Although our management is optimistic that we will succeed in marketing products incorporating our technologies, there can be
no assurance that we will ever generate significant revenues or that any revenues that may be generated will be sufficient for us to become
profitable or thereafter maintain profitability. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues or become or remain profitable, we may have
to cease our operations and liquidate our business. 

21 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability
to obtain future financing. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 1,548,000 and used cash in operations of 923,000 and had a stockholders deficit of 4,690,000
as of December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year of the date that its financial statements are issued. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included
an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, with respect to this
uncertainty. This going concern opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of new debt
or equity securities and subsequent reports by our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements may also
include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is subject to our ability to obtain significant additional capital to fund our operations and to generate revenue from sales, of which
there is no assurance. If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we may have to liquidate our business and you may lose your investment. 

Since we have not yet begun
to generate positive cash flow from operations, our ability to continue operations is dependent on our ability to either begin to generate
positive cash flow from operations or our ability to raise capital from outside sources. 

We have not generated cash
flow from operations since our inception in February 1998 and have relied on external sources of capital to fund operations. We had 133,000
in cash at December 31, 2022 and used cash in operations of 923,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We currently do not have credit
facilities available with financial institutions or other third parties, and historically have relied upon best efforts third-party funding.
Though we have been successful at raising capital on a best-efforts basis in the past, we can provide no assurance that we will be successful
in any future best-efforts financing endeavors. We will need to continue to rely upon financing from external sources to fund our operations
for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital from external sources to fund our operations, we may need to
curtail operations. 

We will need substantial
additional capital to meet our operating needs, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. 

During fiscal 2022, our cash
burn rate amounted to approximately 77,000 per month and could increase during the remainder of fiscal 2023. In order to fund our capital
needs, we conducted private offerings of our securities in 2021 and 2022. While discussion regarding additional interim and permanent
financings are being actively conducted, management cannot predict with certainty that an equity line of credit will be available to provide
adequate funds, or any funds at all, or whether any additional interim or permanent financings will be available at all or, if it is available,
if it will be available on favorable terms. If we cannot obtain needed capital, our research and development, and sales and marketing
plans, business and financial condition and our ability to reduce losses and generate profits will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our business prospects are
difficult to predict because of our limited operating history, early stage of development and unproven business strategy. Since our incorporation
in 1998, we have been and continue to be involved in development of products using our technology, establishing manufacturing and marketing
of these products to consumers and industry partners. Although we believe our technology and products in development have significant
profit potential, we may not attain profitable operations and our management may not succeed in realizing our business objectives. 

If we are not able to devote
adequate resources to product development and commercialization, we may not be able to develop our products. 

Our business strategy is to
develop, manufacture and market products incorporating our AOT technology. We believe that our revenue growth and profitability, if any,
will substantially depend upon our ability to raise additional necessary capital for research and development, complete development of
our products in development and successfully introduce and commercialize our products. 

22 

If we are not able to devote
adequate resources to product development and commercialization, we may not be able to develop our products. 

Our business strategy is to
develop, manufacture and market products incorporating our AOT technology. We believe that our revenue growth and profitability, if any,
will substantially depend upon our ability to raise additional necessary capital for research and development, complete development of
our products in development and successfully introduce and commercialize our products. 

Certain of our products are
still under various stages of development. Because we have limited resources to devote to product development and commercialization, any
delay in the development of one product or reallocation of resources to product development efforts that prove unsuccessful may delay
or jeopardize the development of other product candidates. Although our management believes that it may finance our product development
through private placements and other capital sources, if we do not develop new products and bring them to market, our ability to generate
revenues will be adversely affected. 

The commercial viability
of QS Energy s technologies remains largely unproven and we may not be able to attract customers. 

Despite the fact that we leased
AOT equipment in 2014 to a major oil pipeline operator and tested the equipment on their high-volume pipeline under normal operating conditions,
entered into a lease agreement with a second major oil pipeline operator to operate and test AOT equipment in 2015, and have initiated
a project to demonstrate our AOT technology on a commercial pipeline in 2019, the commercial viability of our devices is not known at
this time. If commercial opportunities are not realized from the use of products incorporating the AOT technology, our ability to generate
revenue would be adversely affected. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in marketing our products, or that customers
will ultimately purchase our products. Failure to have commercial success from the sale of our products will significantly and negatively
impact our financial condition. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in marketing our products, or
that customers will ultimately purchase our products. Failure to have commercial success from the sale of our products will significantly
and negatively impact our financial condition. 

If our products and services
do not gain market acceptance, it is unlikely that we will become profitable. 

At this time, our technology
is commercially unproven, and the use of our technology by others is limited. Specific examples of use to date include: 

Temple University, testing, research and joint development; 

U.S. Department of Energy Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, testing and research; 

PetroChina Pipeline R D Center, testing and research; 

TransCanada, short-term testing; 

Kinder Morgan Crude and Condensate, short-term testing; 

On-site short-term testing of a laboratory-scale AOT at a Canadian oil producer s facility in Alberta Canada. 

A demonstration project in cooperation with a commercial pipeline operator in the Southern United States 

23 

The commercial success of
our products will depend upon the adoption of our technology by the oil industry. Market acceptance will depend on many factors, including: 

the willingness and ability of consumers and industry partners to adopt new technologies; 

our ability to convince potential industry partners and consumers that our technology is an attractive alternative to other technologies; 

our ability to manufacture products and provide services in sufficient quantities with acceptable quality and at an acceptable cost; and, 

our ability to place and service sufficient quantities of our products. 

If our products do not achieve
a significant level of market acceptance, demand for our products will not develop as expected and it is unlikely that we will become
profitable. 

We outsource and rely on
third parties for the manufacture of our products. 

Our business model calls for
the outsourcing of the manufacture of our products in order to reduce our capital and infrastructure costs, capital expenditure and personnel.
Accordingly, we must enter into agreements with other companies that can assist us and provide certain capabilities that we do not possess,
and to increase our manufacturing capacity as necessary. We can provide no assurances that any such outsourcing will be at commercially
acceptable rates or profitable. Moreover, we do not have the required financial and human resources or capability to manufacture, market
and sell our products. Our business model calls for the outsourcing of the manufacture, and sales and marketing of our products in order
to reduce our capital and infrastructure costs as a means of potentially improving our financial position and the profitability of our
business. Accordingly, we must enter into agreements with other companies that can assist us and provide certain capabilities that we
do not possess. We may not be successful in entering into additional such alliances on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, any delay
in entering into agreements could delay the development and commercialization of our products and reduce their competitiveness even if
they reach the market. Any such delay related to our existing or future agreements could adversely affect our business. 

If any party to which we
have outsourced certain functions fails to perform its obligations under agreements with us, the development and commercialization of
our products could be delayed or curtailed. 

To the extent that we rely
on other companies to manufacture, sell or market our products, we will be dependent on the timeliness and effectiveness of their efforts.
If any of these parties do not perform its obligations in a timely and effective manner, the commercialization of our products could be
delayed or curtailed because we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue such development and commercialization
on our own. 

Any revenues that we may
earn in the future are unpredictable, and our operating results are likely to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 

We believe that our future
operating results will fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including delays in product development, market acceptance of our new products,
changes in the demand for and pricing of our products, competition and pricing pressure from competitive products, manufacturing delays
and expenses related to and the results of proceedings relating to our intellectual property. 

24 

A large portion of our expenses,
including expenses for our facilities, equipment and personnel, is relatively fixed and not subject to further significant reduction.
In addition, we expect our operating expenses will increase in the future as we continue our commercialization efforts and increase our
production and marketing activities, among other activities. Although we expect to generate revenues from sales of our products, revenues
may decline or not grow as anticipated and our operating results could be substantially harmed for a particular fiscal period. Moreover,
our operating results in some quarters may not meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors. In that case, our stock price
most likely would decline. 

Nondisclosure agreements
with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

In order to protect our proprietary
technology and processes, we rely in part on nondisclosure agreements with our employees, licensing partners, customers, consultants,
agents and other organizations to which we disclose our proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade
secret rights against such parties. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our
proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position.
Since we rely on trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements, in addition to patents, to protect some of our intellectual property, there
is a risk that third parties may obtain and improperly utilize our proprietary information to our competitive disadvantage. We may not
be able to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. 

The manufacture, use or
sale of our current and proposed products may infringe on the patent rights of others, and we may be forced to litigate if an intellectual
property dispute arises. 

We have taken measures to
protect ourselves from infringing on the patent rights of others; however, if we infringe or are alleged to have infringed another party s
patent rights, we may be required to seek a license, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court.
Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion.
In addition, if we do not obtain a license, do not successfully defend an infringement action or are unable to have infringed patents
declared invalid, we may incur substantial monetary damages ,encounter significant delays in marketing our current and proposed product
candidates, be unable to conduct or participate in the manufacture, use or sale of product, candidates or methods of treatment requiring
licenses, lose patent protection for our inventions and products; or find our patents are unenforceable, invalid, or have a reduced scope
of protection. 

Parties making such claims
may be able to obtain injunctive relief that could effectively block our ability to further develop or commercialize our current and proposed
product candidates in the United States and abroad and could result in the award of substantial damages. Defense of any lawsuit or failure
to obtain any such license could substantially harm the company. Litigation, regardless of outcome, could result in substantial cost to
and a diversion of efforts by the Company to operate its business. 

25 

We may face costly intellectual
property/ license agreements disputes. 

Our ability to compete effectively
will depend in part on our ability to develop and maintain proprietary aspects of our technologies and either to operate without infringing
the proprietary rights of others or to obtain rights to technology owned by third parties. Our pending patent applications, specifically
patent rights of the AOT technology and Joule Heating process may not result in the issuance of any patents or any issued patents that
will offer protection against competitors with similar technology. Patents we have licensed for our technologies, and which we may receive,
may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented in the future or the rights created by those patents may not provide a competitive advantage.
We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing invention to develop and maintain our competitive position. Others may
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. See
Note 6 of our financial statements attached hereto for a discussion and status of our license agreements with Temple University. 

Changes in governmental
regulations and policies may affect export of our technologies. 

The Company recognizes domestic
and foreign governmental actions, including but not limited to trade restrictions and tariffs, may adversely affect our ability to export
our technologies, or may adversely affect the economics of cross-border transactions. 

We may not be able to attract
or retain qualified senior personnel. 

We believe we are currently
able to manage our current business with our existing management team. However, as we expand the scope of our operations, we will need
to obtain the full-time services of additional senior management and other personnel. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense,
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified senior personnel. Our failure to do so could have an
adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan. As we add full-time senior personnel, our overhead expenses for salaries
and related items will increase compensation packages, these increases could be substantial. 

If we lose our key personnel
or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, we may be unable to achieve profitability. 

Our future success is substantially
dependent on the efforts of our senior management. The loss of the services of members of our senior management may significantly delay
or prevent the achievement of product development and other business objectives. Because of the scientific nature of our business, we
depend substantially on our ability to attract and retain qualified marketing, scientific and technical personnel, including consultants.
There is intense competition among specialized automotive companies for qualified personnel in the areas of our activities. If we lose
the services of, or do not successfully recruit key marketing, scientific and technical personnel, the growth of our business could be
substantially impaired. We do not maintain key man insurance for any of these individuals. 

26 

Currently, there is only
very limited trading in our stock, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell your
shares, and there is currently a lack of publicly available information about us, which could substantially affect a shareholders 
ability to sell our shares. 

The shares of our common stock
are thinly traded on the OTC Bulletin Board, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near
bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including
the fact that we are a small company engaged in a high-risk business which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
investors and others in the investment community that can generate or influence daily trading volume and valuation. Should we even come
to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as
ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there
may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer
which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous trading without negatively impacting share
price. We cannot provide any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for shares of our common stock will develop
or be sustained. Due to these conditions, we cannot give any assurance that shareholders will be able to sell their shares at or near
bid prices or at all. Moreover, we are delinquent in our required filings with the SEC, and, as such, there is currently a lack of public
information about us available to the public, which could substantially affect a shareholders ability to sell our shares. 

The market price of our
stock is volatile. 

The market price for our common
stock has been volatile during the last year, ranging from a closing price of 0.02 on January 4, 2021 to a closing price of 0.07 on
February 8, 2021, and a closing price of 0.04 on March 25, 2022. See Part II, item 5, below. Additionally, the price of our stock has
been both higher and lower than those amounts on an intra-day basis in the last year. Because our stock is thinly traded, its price can
change dramatically over short periods, even in a single day. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response
to many factors, including, developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights, announcements of technological innovations by
us or our competitors, announcements of new products or new contracts by us or our competitors, actual or anticipated variations in our
operating results due to the level of development expenses and other factors, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and
whether any future earnings of ours meet or exceed such estimates, conditions and trends in our industry, new accounting standards, general
economic, political and market conditions and other factors. 

Substantial sales of common
stock could cause our stock price to fall. 

In the past year, there have
been times when average daily trading volume of our common stock has been extremely low, and there have been many days in which no shares
were traded at all. At other times, the average daily trading volume of our common stock has been high. Nevertheless, the possibility
that substantial amounts of common stock may be sold in the public market may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common
stock and could impair a shareholder s ability to sell our stock or our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity
securities. 

Potential issuance of additional
shares of our common stock could dilute existing stockholders. 

We are authorized to issue
up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 100,000,000 of preferred stock. To the extent of such authorization, our Board of Directors
has the ability, without seeking stockholder approval, to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock in the future for
such consideration as the Board of Directors may consider sufficient. The issuance of additional common stock or preferred stock in the
future may reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of shareholders. 

27 

We may not be successful in identifying, making,
financing and integrating acquisitions. 

A component of our business
strategy is to make selective acquisitions that will strengthen our core services or presence in selected markets. The success of this
strategy will depend, among other things, on our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates, to obtain acceptable financing,
to timely and successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and to retain the key personnel and the customer base of acquired businesses.
Any future acquisitions could present a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

incorrect assumptions regarding the future results of acquired operations or assets or expected cost reductions or other synergies expected to be realized as a result of acquiring operations or assets; 

failure to integrate successfully the operations or management of any acquired operations or assets in a timely manner; 

failure to retain or attract key employees; and 

diversion of management s attention from existing operations or other priorities. 

If we are unable to identify,
make and successfully integrate acquired businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Our common stock is subject
to penny stock regulation, which may make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 

Our common stock is considered
penny stock under SEC regulations. It is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell
our securities. For example, broker-dealers must make a suitability determination for the purchaser, receive the purchaser s written
consent to the transaction prior to sale, and make special disclosures regarding sales commissions, current stock price quotations,
recent price information and information on the limited market in penny stock. Because of these additional obligations, some broker-dealers
may not affect transactions in penny stocks, which may adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock and shareholders ability
to sell our common stock in the secondary market. This lack of liquidity may make it difficult for us to raise capital in the future. 

Current COVID-19 (coronavirus)
pandemic. 

See Overview section above
regarding risks associated with the current COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic. 

28 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

As of June 1, 2021, our executive
offices were moved to 3606 Challenger Way, Unit 1, Carson City, Nevada 89706, under a lease providing for a four year term at approximately
 4,100 per month. Effective October 31, 2022, the Company terminated the lease and has no further obligation. 

 The Company s former
executive offices were located in Tomball, Texas Tomball Facility and leased from JBL Energy Partners, an entity owned
by Jason Lane, former Director and Chairman of the Board of the Company who resigned in April 2021. The Tomball Facility was under a month-to-month
lease at a lease rate of 5,000 per month, as amended. Total rent expense under this lease during the years ended December 31, 2021, and
2020 was 8,000 and 60,000. The Tomball Facility lease with Lane was terminated in connection with the resignation of Mr. Lane. At May
1, 2021, the Company agreed to continue to lease a portion of the Tomball facility from the landlord on a month to month basis at 1,000
per month. The Company also rents a storage facility on a month to month basis for 250 per month. 

We believe our facilities
are adequate to meet our current and near-term needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no litigation of
any significance with the exception of the matters that have arisen under, and are being handled in, the normal course of business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

29 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Effective August 11, 2015,
the Company changed its name to QS Energy, Inc., and changed its trading symbol to QSEP . The following table sets forth
the high and low bid prices of the Company s common stock for the quarters indicated as quoted in the Pink Sheets as reported by
Yahoo Finance. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual
transactions. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.05 
 0.03 
 0.08 
 0.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.13 
 0.02 
 0.06 
 0.01 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.09 
 0.04 
 0.06 
 0.02 

According to the records of
our transfer agent, we had approximately 1,000 stockholders of record of our common stock at March 24, 2023. The Company believes that
the number of beneficial owners is substantially higher than this amount. 

We do not pay a dividend on
our common stock and we currently intend to retain future cash flows to finance our operations and fund the growth of our business. Any
payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings,
financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions in respect to the payment of dividends and
other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Issuances of Unregistered Securities in Current Fiscal
Year 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 20,773,874 shares of its common stock as follows: 

The Company issued 6,040,049 shares of its common stock upon the conversion of 178,000 in convertible notes, net of unamortized discount of 119,000, pursuant to convertible notes conversion prices of 0.02 to 0.03 per share. 

The Company issued 14,483,825 shares of its common stock upon the exercise of warrants of 542,000, at 0.03 to 0.04 per share. 

The Company issued 250,000 shares of its common stock upon the exercise of options of 20,000, at 0.08 per share. 

The Company issued convertible notes in aggregate value of 432,000 for net proceeds of 393,000, convertible into 14,409,995 shares in common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 0.03 per share, and in connection with these notes, issued warrants to purchase 14,409,995 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.04 per share and expiring one year from the date of issuance, summarized by month as follows: 

30 

Shares of Common Stock Issuable upon conversion
of Notes Issued in 2022 

Month of Issuance 

Principal amount of convertible notes 

Conversion 
Price 

Shares of common 
Stock issuable upon 
Conversion of Principal 

September 2022 

432,000 

0.03 per share 

14,409,995 

432,000 

14,409,995 

Issuances of Unregistered Securities in Prior Fiscal
Year 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 32,118,979 shares of its common stock as follows: 

The Company issued 8,533,333 shares of its common stock upon the private sale for proceeds of 128,000 valued at 0.015 per share. 

The Company issued 22,085,646 shares of its common stock upon the conversion of 524,000 in convertible notes pursuant to convertible notes conversion prices of 0.02 to 0.03 per share. 

The Company issued 500,000 shares of its common stock as compensation valued at 20,000 at a price of 0.04 per share. 

The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its common stock for services valued at 40,000 at a price of 0.04 per share. 

The Company issued convertible notes in aggregate value of 723,000 for net proceeds of 658,000, convertible into 28,794,327 shares in common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 0.02 to 0.03 per share, and in connection with these notes, issued warrants to purchase 18,907,157 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.03 to 0.04 per share and expiring one year from the date of issuance, summarized by month as follows: 

31 

Shares of Common Stock Issuable upon conversion
of Notes Issued in 2021 

Month of Issuance 

Principal amount of convertible notes 

Conversion 
Price 

Shares of common 
Stock issuable upon 
Conversion of Principal 

February 2021 

33,000 

0.02 per share 

1,650,000 

April 2021 

27,000 

0.02 per share 

1,375,000 

May 2021 

73,000 

0.02 per share 

3,630,000 

June 2021 

129,000 

0.02 per share 

6,435,000 

July 2021 

20,000 

0.02 per share 

990,000 

August 2021 

171,000 

0.03 per share 

5,694,333 

October 2021 

82,000 

0.03 per share 

2,749,998 

November 2021 

97,000 

0.03 per share 

3,226,665 

December 2021 

91,000 

0.03 per share 

3,043,331 

723,000 

28,794,327 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

None. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements
and supplementary data referred to in this Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements, which include statements concerning future revenue sources and concentration,
selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, capital resources, additional financings and additional
losses, are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed above in Item 1 and elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, particularly in Risk Factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Unless
otherwise expressly indicated, the information set forth in this Form 10-K is as of December 31, 2022, and we undertake no duty
to update this information. 

32 

Overview 

The Company has not generated
significant revenues since its inception in February 1998. We continue to devote the bulk of our efforts to the promotion, design, testing
and the commercial manufacturing and operations of our crude oil pipeline products in the upstream and midstream energy sector. We anticipate
that these efforts will continue during 2022. 

Our expenses to date have
been funded primarily through the sale of shares of common stock and convertible debt, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock
purchase warrants and options. We raised capital in 2021 and also need to raise substantial additional capital in 2023, and possibly beyond,
to fund our sales and marketing efforts, continuing research and development, and certain other expenses, until our revenue base grows
sufficiently. 

QS Energy operations have
been minimally impacted by COVID-19; however, COVID-19 has had a significant negative financial impact across a wide spectrum of industries,
both in terms of operations and access to operating capital. The Company s ability to continue operations is, in part, dependent
on our access to funding. A published by the National Association of Manufacturers in March 2020 reports that due to COVID-19, 35 of
manufacturers surveyed anticipate supply chain disruptions, 53 anticipate changes to operations, and 78 anticipate a negative financial
impact. With these facts in mind, no assurances can be made that COVID-19 will not materially affect operations or negatively impact our
ability to fund continued operations. 

Results of Operation 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 
 765,000 
 837,000 
 (72,000 
 (9 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 486,000 
 350,000 
 136,000 
 39 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,251,000 
 (1,187,000 
 (64,000 
 5 

Forgiveness of PPP loan payable 
 63,000 
 
 63,000 
 100 
 
 Interest and financing expense 
 (360,000 
 (233,000 
 (127,000 
 55 
 
 Net Loss 
 (1,548,000 
 (1,420,000 
 (128,000 
 9 

33 

Revenue Comparison, 2022 and 2021 

The Company recognized no
revenues during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Operating Expense Comparison, 2022 and 2021 

Operating expenses were 765,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 837,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 72,000.
This decrease was attributable to an increase in non-cash expenses of 22,000, offset by a decrease in cash expenses of 94,000. Specifically,
the increase in non-cash expenses is attributable to a decrease in stock-based compensation related to directors and employees of 52,000,
offset by an increase in stock-based compensation related to consultants of 74,000. The decrease in cash expenses is attributable to
decreases in insurance of 51,000, office expenses of 48,000, salaries and benefits of 42,000, rent expenses of 32,000, legal and accounting
fees of 23,000, computer expenses of 10,000, patent maintenance expenses of 7,000, corporate expenses of 5,000, and other expenses
of 5,000, offset by increases in consulting fees of 115,000, auto expenses of 4,000, bank fees of 4,000, travel expenses of 3,000,
mail and freight of 2,000, and meals and entertainment of 1,000. 

Research and development expenses
were 486,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 350,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 136,000. This increase is attributable to AOT prototype and demonstration project development costs. 

Interest expenses were 360,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 233,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 127,000.
This increase is attributable to an increase in interest and financing expense of 127,000 to account the relative fair value of the warrants
issued with our convertible notes and the notes beneficial conversion feature that were recorded as note discounts. 

We had a net loss of 1,548,000
or 0.00 loss per share for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 1,420,000 or 0.00 loss per share for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General 

We have incurred negative
cash flow from operations since our inception in 1998. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 133,000 and a stockholders 
deficit of 4,690,000. Our operating cash flow in 2022 was funded primarily through cash reserves, the exercise of stock purchase warrants
and options for cash, and the issuance of convertible notes for cash. 

34 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had
a net loss of 1,548,000 and used cash in operations of 923,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31,
2022, notes payable with an aggregate balance of 1,730,000 and certain obligation to a former officer are past due. These factors raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional funds and implement our business plan. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Summary 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had cash on hand in the amount of 133,000. Management estimates that the current funds on hand will be sufficient to continue
operations through March 2023. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt and equity securities
for cash to operate our business, including without limitation the expenses it will incur in connection with the license agreements with
Temple; costs associated with product development and commercialization of the AOT technology; costs to manufacture and ship the products;
costs to maintain an effective system of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; costs of maintaining our status as
a public company by filing periodic reports with the SEC and costs required to protect our intellectual property. In addition, as discussed
below, the Company has substantial contractual commitments, including without limitation certain payments to a former officer, during
the remainder of 2021 and beyond. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will
be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions
on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stock holders, in case of equity financing. 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company s contractual
commitments for future periods, including minimum guaranteed compensation payments and other agreements as described in the following
table and associated footnotes: 

Year ending 
December 31, 
 
 License 
Agreements (1) 

Compensation 
Agreements 

Total 
Obligations 

2023 

187,500 

197,000 

384,500 

2024 

187,500 

187,500 

2025 

187,500 

187,500 

2026 

187,500 

187,500 

2027 

187,500 

187,500 

Total 

937,500 

197,000 

1,134,500 

___________________ 

(1) 
 Consists of license maintenance fees to Temple University in the amount of 187,500 paid annually through the life of the underlying patents or until otherwise terminated by either party. For details of the Temple Licensing Agreements, see Note 7 of the Financial Statements, attached hereto. 

35 

Licensing Fees to Temple University 

For details of the licensing
agreements with Temple University, see Financial Statements attached hereto, Note 7. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate, on an on-going basis, our estimates and judgments, including
those related to the useful life of the assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

The methods, estimates and
judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our consolidated
financial statements. The SEC considers an entity s most critical accounting policies to be those policies that are both most important
to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations and those that require management s most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain at the time
of estimation. For a more detailed discussion of the accounting policies of the Company, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

We believe the following critical
accounting policies, among others, require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Certain significant estimates were made in connection
with preparing our consolidated financial statements as described in Note 1 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company periodically issues
stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock-based payments to officers, directors, employees, and consultants by measuring the cost of services received
in exchange for equity awards utilizing the grant date fair value of the awards, with the cost recognized as compensation expense on the
straight-line basis in the Company s financial statements over the vesting period of the awards. Recognition of compensation expense
for non-employees is in the same period and manner as if the Company had paid cash for the services. 

36 

The fair value of the Company's
stock options and warrants grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to
risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the stock options or warrants, and future dividends. Compensation expense
is recorded based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model and based on actual experience. The assumptions used
in the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 of the financial
statements for discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We issue from time to time
fixed rate discounted convertible notes. Our convertible notes and our equity securities are exposed to risk as set forth above, in Item
1A, Risk Factors. Please also see Item 7, above, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

Our consolidated financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in a separate section of this report following Item
15 and begin with the index on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

1. Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company's management,
with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses discussed below. 

37 

2. Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

(a) 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

Pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level described above. In making
this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded, that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to material weaknesses.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

The material weaknesses identified
include (i) the Company had inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (ii) the Company had an insufficient
number of personnel with an appropriate level of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience and ongoing training in the application of U.S. GAAP
and SEC disclosure requirements commensurate with the Company s financial reporting requirements. 

38 

Notwithstanding the identified
material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly,
in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity
with U.S. GAAP. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

(b) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No change in the Company's
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth
quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

39 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Composition of Board of Directors 

Our bylaws provide that the
Board shall consist of between one and eight directors, as determined by the Board from time to time. The number of directors is currently
fixed at seven (7) members. Each board member serves a term of three years and will serve until their successors are elected and qualified,
or until their earlier resignation or removal. Currently, the Board consists of three (3) members. 

In 2016, the Board of Directors
of the Company amended the Bylaws of the Company to divide Directors into three classes: Class I, Class II, and Class III. To implement
this classified board structure, the initial term of the Class I, Class II, and Class III Directors was one (1), two (2), and three (3)
years respectively, with subsequent three-year terms for all classes of Directors. 

Officers are appointed by
our Board of Directors and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of our
Board of Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our current directors or our executive officers. 

The following constitutes
the Board of Directors as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Class 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Term Expires 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director (Non-Independent) 
 
 Class I 
 
 2021 
 
 2022 
 
 Donald Dickson 
 
 67 
 
 Director (Independent) 
 
 Class II 
 
 2013 
 
 2023 
 
 Eric Bunting 
 
 54 
 
 Director (Independent) 
 
 Class I 
 
 2017 
 
 2022 

Biographical Information Regarding Directors 

Cecil Bond Kyte, Chief
Executive Officer (Non-Independent Director) was elected to serve as Chairman of the Board of the Company in December 2007, then known
as Save The World Air, Inc. STWA ). In January 2010, he was appointed to serve as CEO of STWA. In November 2013, Mr. Kyte
voluntarily resigned as a director, Chairman of the Board, and CEO of STWA. Since then, Mr. Kyte has held positions with the following
public companies: MassRoots, Inc., where he served as a board member from late 2017, through July 2019. Massroots, Inc. was a technology
platform for the cannabis industry during the time Mr. Kyte served as a director of the company; Rightscorp, Inc., where, since 2015,
Mr. Kyte has served and continues to serve as the company s CEO, and since 2016, has served and continues to serve as the company s
CFO. Mr. Kyte is also a member of the board of Rightscorp. Rightscorp s mission is to support copyright holders abilities
to litigate and monetize their music and other copyrights against piracy and peer to peer infringement on the internet. Mr. Kyte has mainly
been associated with start overs rather than start ups, using his abilities to restructure and develop a company s
management, financial condition, compliance, and product commercialization. In addition to his current roles as CEO, CFO, and board member
of Rightscorp, Mr. Kyte is currently supporting the funding and business development for Bye Aerospace s suite of products including
the development and manufacturing of advanced civilian/military aerospace technologies. Mr. Kyte has been a pilot for 35 years. He received
a B.S. Degree in accounting from Long Beach State University. 

40 

Prior to his appointment as
CEO, CFO, and Chairman of the Company, effective July 31, 2020, Mr. Kyte entered into an agreement Agreement with the
Company whereby he agreed to purchase 10,560,000 shares of common stock of the Company for 0.015 per share for a total purchase price
of 158,000, 10,000 of which was due and payable on August 7, 2020, 40,000 on August 31, 2020, and 108,000 on September 14, 2020. Mr.
Kyte did not meet this funding schedule; instead, during the period August 2020, through October 2020, he purchased 2,000,000 shares of
common stock of the Company for a total purchase price of 30,000 or 0.015 per share. 

Beginning January 14, 2021,
through June 7, 2021, Mr. Kyte purchased an additional 8,533,333 shares of common stock of the Company for a total purchase price of 128,000
or 0.015 per share. During this time, Mr. Kyte also provided the Company additional capital in the amount of 117,000 in exchange for
a convertible promissory note Note ), together with a related Warrant. The Note does not bear any interest; however, the
implied interest rate used was 10 since the Note was issued for 10 less than its face value of 128,700. The Note is unsecured, matures
in twelve months from issuance and is convertible into 6,435,000 shares of common stock of the Company at 0.02 per share. As part of
the issuance of the Note, the Company granted Mr. Kyte a Warrant to purchase 3,217,500 shares of the Company s common stock. The
Warrant is fully vested, exercisable at 0.03 per share and expires one year from the date of issuance. 

During the period August 2020,
through June 2021 (the Relevant Period ), Mr. Kyte provided the Company with 275,000 in working capital. During this Relevant
Period, Mr. Kyte also introduced capital to the Company in the sum of 150,000 from third-party sources. This capital was received by
the Company in exchange for convertible promissory notes and related warrants. With this additional third-party capital infusion, during
this Relevant Period, Mr. Kyte was responsible, directly and indirectly, for providing the Company with working capital in the amount
of 425,000. 

The Agreement also provided
that subject to the Company s receipt of working capital directly and indirectly from Mr. Kyte in the amount of no less than 500,000
by a date no later than September 29, 2020, Mr. Kyte would be appointed to the Company s Board and to serve as the Company s
Chairman, CEO, and CFO, without compensation through the balance of calendar year 2020. Neither of the foregoing conditions was satisfied;
thus Mr. Kyte was not appointed to the Company s Board or management in calendar year 2020. Nonetheless, given the resignations
of Messrs. Mann and Green from the Board, effective April 9, 2021, and the resignations of Messrs. Lane and Bundros from the Board, effective
April 15, 2021, and the resignation of Mr. Dickson as CEO of the Company, effective April 15, 2021, and the resignation of Mike McMullen
as CFO of the Company, effective April 15, 2021, the remaining two directors of the Company, namely, Mr. Dickson and Dr. Bunting, appointed
Mr. Kyte, and Mr. Kyte agreed, to serve on the Company s Board as a Class I Director and to serve as the Company s CEO, CFO,
and Chairman, effective April 15, 2021, with compensation to be determined at a later time subject to the Company s financial condition
and viability. 

41 

Don Dickson (Independent
Director), appointed to Board of Directors on August 6, 2013, and currently is employed with Cherokee, Inc. which allows him to consult
on different energy projects around the nation in the oil and gas industry. Don retired from Kinder Morgan in 2017, during his time there
he worked on projects such as the Northeast Energy Direct Project and the Cortez Expansion project as project manager / engineering principal
/ construction support. The NED project will serve the Northeast United States delivering natural gas to the region, while the Cortez
expansion project will increase the volume of CO2 being shipped from Southwest Colorado to West Texas for oil recovery. Prior to rejoining
Kinder Morgan Mr. Dickson served as Chief Executive Officer for Advanced Pipeline Services (APS). APS was established for the purpose
of providing a full range of services to the oil and gas industry. Core business areas are in new construction of pipeline and facilities,
horizontal directional drilling and pipeline integrity/rehabilitation. Prior to APS, Mr. Dickson worked for Kinder Morgan in their natural
gas operations, retiring after twenty-six years. During his time at Kinder Morgan served in different engineering capacities including
as Director of Operations on two major pipeline projects, the 42 (REX) Rockies Mountain Express through the state of Illinois,
and the 42 (MEP) Midcontinent Express Pipeline through the state of Louisiana. He also was Director of Operations with Tetra Resources
completing various onshore and offshore oil and gas wells and a Senior Engineer with Halliburton Services. Mr. Dickson earned his B.S.
in Engineering from Oklahoma State University. 

Eric Bunting M.D. (Independent
Director) was appointed to the Board effective April 1, 2017. Dr. Bunting is a board-certified Ear, Nose, and Throat physician, and he
is an owner and partner in an independent specialty group. This group has partnered with Wichita Surgical Specialist WSS ),
which remains one of the country s largest surgical multispecialty groups. Dr. Bunting has been on the board of directors of WSS
for the last 10 years. Dr. Bunting graduated from Kansas University School of Medicine and subsequently received specialty training at
Kansas University Medical Center. Dr. Bunting has many diverse business and entrepreneurial interests. Dr. Bunting has an interest in
early startup companies and franchising opportunities. He is an owner and partner in approximately 40 fast-casual restaurant franchises
in 10 states. He has board of director experience in the health care industry with multiple ambulatory surgical centers and a radiation
center. Dr. Bunting has been an integral part of these boards through merger and acquisition periods. Other interests are in the wine
and spirits industry where Dr. Bunting has been involved in a successful spirit start-up, which is poised for an acquisition opportunity.
Dr. Bunting has other ongoing active business investments in the evolving internet artificial intelligence industry, as it relates to
marketing and advertising. Dr. Bunting has been an investor in the Company, acquiring a significant number of shares over the last four
years. During this period, he has been and will remain an unbiased shareholder advocate looking forward to commercialization, deployment,
and eventual profitability for the Company. 

42 

Director Compensation Policy 

Effective January 1, 2014,
the Board passed a resolution suspending the July 1, 2013 Board compensation policy. Effective May 6, 2014, the Board approved a compensation
policy which includes two annual grants of options, including i) an option to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 25,000
divided by the per share closing price on the date of grant with an exercise price equal to the stock closing price on the date of grant,
a one year vesting period and an expiration date 10 years from the date of grant; and ii) an option to purchase a number of shares of
common stock equal to 25,000 divided by the per share fair market value of the option calculated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model based on market conditions, including stock closing price, risk free interest rate and stock volatility, on the date of grant with
an exercise price equal to the stock closing price on the date of grant, vesting immediately and an expiration date 10 years from the
date of grant. Also, effective July 1, 2013, the Board approved an annual grant of options to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock at
a price equal to the stock s closing price on the date of grant, vesting immediately and expiring 10 years from the date of grant
as compensation to the chairman of the Board s Audit Committee. Effective January 1, 2015, the Board amended the policy such that
there is only one annual grant as follows: i) all options granted would vest over one year; and ii) options granted mid-year due to appointment
to the Board or appointment to Chairman of the Audit Committee would be adjusted such that the number of shares would be calculated on
a pro rata basis depending on the number of day remaining in the calendar year, and the options would vest December 31 of the year of
grant. Board compensation for the calendar year 2022, payable to members of the Board was suspended. 

Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding our executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Cecil Bond Kyte, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer . Please see above under Biographical Information Regarding Directors. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

We maintain a corporate governance
page on our corporate website at www.qsenergy.com , which includes information regarding the Company s corporate governance
practices. Our codes of business conduct and ethics, Board committee charters and certain other corporate governance documents and policies
are posted on our website. In addition, we will provide a copy of any of these documents without charge to any stockholder upon written
request made to Corporate Secretary, QS Energy, Inc., P.O. Box 946, Carson City, Nevada 89702. The information on our website is not,
and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into this or any other filing we make with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

43 

Board of Directors 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors as
of December 31, 2022, consisted of three (3) members. As of that date, the Board has affirmatively determined that Mr. Dickson and Dr.
Bunting are independent directors. Mr. Kyte, our Chief Executive Officer is not considered independent. 

Meetings of the Board 

The Board held four (4) meetings
in 2022. A majority of the members attended all 4 board meetings held in 2022. No meetings in 2023 have been held as of the date of this
report. 

Communications with the Board 

The following procedures have
been established by the Board in order to facilitate communications between our stockholders and the Board: 

Stockholders may send correspondence,
which should indicate that the sender is a stockholder, to the Board or to any individual director, by mail to Corporate Secretary, QS
Energy, Inc. P.O. Box 946, Carson City, Nevada 89702 or by e-mail to info@qsenergy.com. 

Our Secretary will
be responsible for the first review and logging of this correspondence and will forward the communication to the director or directors
to whom it is addressed unless it is a type of correspondence which the Board has identified as correspondence which may be retained in
our files and not sent to directors. The Board has authorized the Secretary to retain and not send to directors communications that: (a)
are advertising or promotional in nature (offering goods or services), (b) solely relate to complaints by customers with respect to ordinary
course of business customer service and satisfaction issues or (c) clearly are unrelated to our business, industry, management or Board
or committee matters. These types of communications will be logged and filed but not circulated to directors. Except as set forth in the
preceding sentence, the Secretary will not screen communications sent to directors. 

The log of stockholder
correspondence will be available to members of the Board for inspection. At least once each year, the Secretary will provide to the Board
a summary of the communications received from stockholders, including the communications not sent to directors in accordance with the
procedures set forth above. 

Our shareholders may also
communicate directly with the non-management directors, individually or as a group, by mail c/o Corporate Secretary, QS Energy, Inc.
P.O. Box 946, Carson City, Nevada 89702, or by e-mail to info@qsenergy.com. 

The Audit Committee has established
procedures, as outlined in the Company s policy for Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters , for the
receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding questionable accounting, internal controls, and financial improprieties or auditing
matters. Any of the Company s employees may confidentially communicate concerns about any of these matters by calling our toll-free
number, +1 (844) 645-7737. Upon receipt of a complaint or concern, a determination will be made whether it pertains to accounting,
internal controls or auditing matters and if it does, it will be handled in accordance with the procedures established by the Audit Committee. 

44 

Committees of the Board 

Effective July 21, 2021, the
Board dissolved the Company s Audit Committee, and the functions thereof were assumed by the full Board. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the compensation earned during the last three fiscal years by the Named Executive Officers: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Long-Term Compensation Awards 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal 
Year 

Annual 
Compensation 
Salary ) 

Stock 
Awards ) 

Securities 
Underlying 
Options 
(#) 

Full Value 
of Options ) 

All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Cecil Bond Kyte (1) 

2022 

Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

Don Dickson (2) 

2022 

Former Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

300,000 

9,000 

9,000 

2020 

900,000 

35,000 

35,000 

Michael McMullen (3) 

2022 

Former Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

46,200 

46,200 

2020 

158,400 

158,400 

_________________ 

(1) 
 Mr. Kyte was appointed Chief Executive Officer CEO effective April 15, 2021. 

(2) 
 Mr. Dickson will not receive any cash compensation for his role as interim CEO; rather, his compensation will be in the form of options that will be granted Grant to Mr. Dickson to purchase 100,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company (the Options ), each month of his employment as interim CEO during the Term. The Options will vest on the 30th day following the date of Grant, provided that Mr. Dickson remains in his role as interim CEO on the vesting date. All of the Options shall be priced as of the closing market price of the Company s common stock as reported by the OTCBB (Pink Sheets) on the date of Grant. The Options issued to Mr. Dickson in exchange for serving as the Company s interim CEO shall expire ten (10) years from the date of Grant. Mr. Dickson resigned as interim CEO, effective April 15, 2021. 

(3) 
 Mr. McMullen was appointed Chief Financial Officer CFO effective April 1, 2017. Mr. McMullen s annual base salary under his employment agreement as CFO is 158,400, for a two-year term. Effective March 31, 2019, the Company amended Mr. McMullen s employment agreement. As amended, the contract was extended by 90 days with no other change in terms. Effective July 1, 2019 through November 15, 2019, Mr. McMullen was employed on a month-to-month basis with no other changes in terms. Effective November 15, 2019, Mr. McMullen s employment agreement was amended extending the term of the agreement to February 15, 2020 with no other changes in terms. 

Mr. McMullen s Employment Agreement was amended and restated effective February 15, 2020. As amended, Mr. McMullen s employment agreement was extended on a month-to-month basis with no other terms modified. Mr. McMullen resigned as CFO, effective April 15, 2021. 

45 

OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company granted no options to Named Executive Officers. 

AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
AND YEAR-END OPTION VALUES 

No options were exercised
by any of the Named Executive Officers during the 2022 fiscal year. The following table sets forth the number of shares of our common
stock subject to exercisable and unexercisable stock options which the Named Executive Officers held at the end of the 2022 fiscal year. 

Shares 
 Acquired on 

Value 
 Realized 

Number of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised 
 Options at 
 Fiscal Year-End (#) 

Value of Unexercised 
 In-the-Money Options )(1) 

Name 
 
 Exercise (#) 

) 

Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

Exercisable 

Unexercisable 

Don Dickson 

3,892,314 

Michael McMullen 

800,000 

_________________ 

(1) 
 Market value of our common stock at fiscal year-end minus the exercise price. The closing price of our common stock on December 30,
2022 the last trading day of the year was 0.05 per share. 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

Employment
Agreement with Don Dickson 

Mr.
Dickson s acceptance of the appointment as interim CEO of the Company for a term of 90 days became effective April 15, 2020 under
terms as follows: 

Compensation
will be in the form of options that will be granted Grant to Mr. Dickson to purchase 100,000 shares of restricted common
stock of the Company (the Options ), each month of his employment as interim CEO during the Term. The Options will vest
on the 30th day following the date of Grant, provided that Mr. Dickson remains in his role as interim CEO on the vesting date. All of
the Options shall be priced as of the closing market price of the Company s common stock as reported by the OTCBB (Pink Sheets)
on the date of Grant. The Options issued to Mr. Dickson in exchange for serving as the Company s interim CEO shall expire ten (10)
years from the date of Grant. Mr. Dickson resigned as the Company s CEO effective April 15, 2021. 

46 

Employment
Agreement with Michael McMullen 

Mr.
McMullen s employment agreement McMullen Employment Agreement with the Company became effective April 1, 2017,
pursuant to which he is serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The term Term of the McMullen Employment
Agreement is two years. Annual base salary under the McMullen Employment Agreement for the full Term is 158,400. The Company will also
issue options Options to Mr. McMullen to purchase 250,000 shares of restricted shares of common stock of the Company
at a per share exercise price equal to the stock price listed on the OTCBB market at market close on April 3, 2017. The 125,000 of the
Options vested on April 1, 2017, and 125,000 Options vested on April 1, 2018. The Options shall expire 10 years from the date of grant
of the Options. 

Effective
March 31, 2019, the Company amended the McMullen Employment Agreement. As amended, the contract was extended by 90 days with no other
change in terms. Effective July 1, 2019 through November 15, 2019, Mr. McMullen was employed on a month-to-month basis with no other
changes in terms. Effective November 15, 2019, the McMullen Employment Agreement was amended extending the term of the agreement to February
15, 2020 with no other changes in terms. 

Mr.
McMullen s Employment Agreement was amended and restated effective February 15, 2020. Mr. McMullen s Employment Agreement
had been scheduled to terminate February 15, 2019. As amended, his employment agreement was extended on a month-to-month basis. As of
July 16, 2020, the Company deferred Mr. McMullen s salary. As of December 31, 2020 deferred salary due to Mr. McMullen had accrued
to 72,600. Deferred salaries were reported in operating expenses and related party payable. Mr. McMullen resigned as the Company s
CFO, effective April 15, 2021. 

DIRECTORS COMPENSATION 

Board compensation for calendar
year 2022, payable to members of the Board under the Company s May 6, 2014, Board compensation policy, as amended January 1, 2015,
was suspended. 

47 

Item 12 . Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each of our directors; 

the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, are the only persons serving as a Named Executive as of December 31, 2022 for services rendered in all capacities to the Company (such individuals are hereafter referred to as the Named Executive Officers and all of our directors and executive officers serving as a group. 

Named Executive Officers and Director 
 
 Number of Shares 
of Common Stock 
Beneficially 

Percentage of 
Shares 
Beneficially 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Owned (2) 

Owned (2) 

Kyte, Cecil Bond, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

16,968,333 

4.32 

Dickson, Donald, Director 

6,729,073 

1.78 

Bunting, Eric Director 

14,102,621 

3.62 

All directors and executive officers as a group 

37,800,027 

9.13 

_________________ 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each listed person is c/o QS Energy,
Inc., 23902 FM 2978, Tomball, Texas 77375. 

(2) 
 
 Percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon
 376,074,096 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
 with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject
 to options and warrants currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for
 determining the number of shares beneficially owned and for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options, but
 are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to
 community property laws where applicable, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
 of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 
 
 As of the date of this report Mr. Kyte beneficially
 owns 16,968,333 shares of common stock of the Company, and a Warrant to purchase 3,217,500 shares of common stock of the Company. 

48 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Accrued Expenses - Related Parties 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, total accrued expenses related parties amounted to 6,000 and 0, respectively. Included in the December 31, 2022 accrued
amount are 6,000 in unpaid directors fees owed to members of the Board of Directors. 

Director Independence 

The Company believes Mr. Dickson
and Dr. Bunting are independent, and Mr. Kyte is not independent. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services 

The Board has selected Weinberg 
Company, P.A. to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Weinberg Company,
P.A. was first appointed in fiscal year 2002, and has audited our financial statements for fiscal years 2002 through 2022. 

Audit and Other Fees 

The following table summarizes
the fees charged by Weinberg Company, P.A. for certain services rendered to the Company during 2022 and 2021. 

Amount 

Fiscal 

Fiscal 

Type of Fee 
 
 Year 2022 

Year 2021 

Audit (1) 

66,000 

62,000 

Audit Related (2) 

Taxes (3) 

19,000 

17,010 

All Other (4) 

Total 

85,000 

79,010 

(1) 
 This category consists of
 fees for the audit of our annual financial statements included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K and review of the
 financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. This category also includes advice on
 audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements,
 statutory audits required by non-U.S. jurisdictions and the preparation of an annual management letter on internal
 control matters. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents services that are normally provided by the independent auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years, aggregate fees charged for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and are not reported as audit fees. These services include consultations regarding Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements, various SEC filings and the implementation of new accounting requirements. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents aggregate fees charged for professional services for tax compliance and preparation, tax consulting and advice, and tax planning. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents aggregate fees charged for products and services other than those services previously reported. 

49 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

Financial Statements: 

Reference is made to the contents
to the consolidated financial statements of QS Energy, Inc. under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits: 

The exhibits listed below
are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1(1) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant 
 
 3.1(6) 
 
 Articles of Merger 
 
 3.1(5) 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (12/20/13) 
 
 3.1(15) 
 
 Second amendment to Articles of Incorporation (10/12/17) 
 
 3.2(4) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 3.2(8) 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 10.1(2) 
 
 License Agreement between the Registrant and Temple University dated February 2, 2007 
 
 10.2(3) 
 
 License Agreement between the Registrant and Temple University dated August 9, 2011 
 
 10.4(7) 
 
 Registrant s Business Plan 
 
 10.8(9) 
 
 Jason Lane Employment Agreement effective April 1, 2017 
 
 10.9(10) 
 
 Michael McMullen Employment Agreement effective April 1, 2017 
 
 10.10(11) 
 
 Bigger Separation Agreement effective April 1, 2017 
 
 10.13(12) 
 
 Forms of Convertible Note, Warrant, and Securities Purchase Agreement in 2017 Spring Offering 
 
 10.11(13) 
 
 Amendment to the License Agreement between the Registrant and Temple University 
 
 10.12(14) 
 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 10.13(16) 
 
 Amendment to Jason Lane employment agreement 
 
 10.14(17) 
 
 Form of Spring 2018 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.15(18) 
 
 Form of Winter 2018-2019 Offering Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.16(18) 
 
 Amendment to Jason Lane employment agreement effective April 1, 2019 
 
 10.17(18) 
 
 Amendment to Michael McMullen employment agreement effective April 1, 2019 
 
 10.18(19) 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Jason Lane employment agreement effective February 15, 2020 
 
 10.19(19) 
 
 Third Amendment to Michael McMullen employment agreement effective February 15, 2020 

50 

21(17) 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on Signature Page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Annual Report Pursuant to Rule 13(a) 15(e) or Rule 15(d) 15(e). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Annual Report Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Annual Report pursuant to Rule 13(a) 15(e) or Rule 15(d) 15(e). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Confidential treatment previously requested. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB (Registration Number 000-29185), as amended, filed on March 2, 2000 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2007 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2011 
 
 (4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2013 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2013 

(6) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2015 

(7) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2015 

(8) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2016 

(9) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2017 

(10) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2017 

(11) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2017 

(12) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed June 6, 2017 

(13) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 14, 2017 

(14) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 19, 2017 

(15) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 8-K filed October 12, 2017 

(16) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2017 

(17) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018 

(18) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed April 1, 2019 

(19) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Form 10-K filed March 30, 2020 

Item 16: Form 10-K Summary 

None 

51 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorize. 

QS Energy, Inc. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Cecil Bond Kyte as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each
of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith,
as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 

/s/ Donald Dickson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Donald Dickson 

/s/ Eric Bunting, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Eric Bunting, M.D. 

52 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 QS ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
QS Energy, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of QS Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
experienced recurring operating losses and negative operating cash flows since inception, has a stockholders deficit, and has financed
its working capital requirements through the recurring sale of its debt and equity securities. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, notes
payable with an aggregate balance of 1,730,000 and certain obligations to a former officer are past due. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Convertible note transactions 

As described in Note 4 to the financial statements,
during 2022 the Company issued investment units consisting of promissory notes which are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, and warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock. The Company allocated the proceeds received from the
sale of the investment units to the convertible notes and warrants based upon their relative fair value. The Company used a Black Scholes
option pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to expected life of the warrants, expected volatility, risk-free interest
rates, and future dividends, to determine the fair value of the warrants. 

We identified the accounting for the issuance
of the convertible notes and warrants as a critical audit matter because of the significance of the account balances, and due to the complexity
involved in assessing the classification and presentation of the convertible notes and warrants. The auditing for these transactions required
a high degree of auditor judgement including evaluating the reasonableness of the significant judgements made by management in determining
the appropriate accounting. 

The primary audit procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 

We read the convertible note and warrant agreements, and relevant documentation. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s methodology for allocation of proceeds including the Company s consideration of relevant accounting standards. 

We developed independent estimates for the fair value of the warrants issued based on the assumptions and data used by management. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2002. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

F- 3 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable-license agreements-past due 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible notes payable, net of discounts of and , respectively: including and , respectively, in default 

PPP Loan payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Loss from operations 

PPP loan debt forgiveness 

Interest and financing expense 

Net Loss 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Cumulative effect adjustment for adoption of ASU 2020-06 (see Note 4) 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

Common stock issued on conversion of notes payable 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Fair value of common stock issued as compensation 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued on conversion of notes payable 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Common stock issued on exercise of warrants 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Common stock issued on exercise of options 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Fair value of common stock issued as compensation 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Accrued interest expense 

Decrease in operating lease right of use asset 

Depreciation 

Gain on partial forgiveness of PPP note payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable license agreements 

Accrued expenses related parties 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net proceeds from issuance of convertible notes and warrants 

Net proceeds from exercise of warrants and options 

Principal payment on PPP loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Adjustment for adoption of ASU 2020-06 

Recording of operating lease right of use asset and liability 

Conversion of convertible notes to common stock, net 

Value of warrants and beneficial conversion feature associated with issued convertible notes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 , used cash in operations of and had a stockholders 
deficit of as of December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, thirty-four notes payable with an aggregate balance
of and certain obligations to a former officer are past due. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had cash on hand in the amount of . Management estimates that the current cash on hand will be sufficient to continue
operations through March 2023, or, subject to actual costs incurred in implementing design modifications to our AOT demonstration project
described. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt and equity securities for cash to
operate our business, including without limitation the expenses it will incur in connection with the license agreements with Temple; costs
associated with product development and commercialization of the AOT technologies; costs to manufacture and ship the products; costs to
design and implement an effective system of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; costs of maintaining our status
as a public company by filing periodic reports with the SEC and costs required to protect our intellectual property. In addition, as discussed
below, the Company has substantial contractual commitments, including without limitation salaries to our executive officers pursuant to
employment agreements, certain payments to a former officer and consulting fees, during the remainder of 2023 and beyond. 

No assurance can be given
that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the
Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or
cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in case of equity financing. 

impairments were recorded for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively, and were included
as part of operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

shares and shares; outstanding warrants of 
shares and shares; and notes convertible into approximately and shares of our common stock, respectively,
have been excluded because their impact on the loss per share is anti-dilutive. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Testing equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively. 

 . At December 31, 2021, the balance of right-of-use asset was and the balance
of the lease liability was . During 2022, the Company amortized of the right-of-use asset and paid of the lease
liability. On October 31, 2022, the Company entered into a lease amendment with the lessor of the space to terminate the lease and be
released from lease obligation. The Company accounted for the cancellation of the lease by writing off the right-of-use asset of 110,000
and cancelling the operating lease liability of 112,000, which resulted in the gain on lease cancellation of which is recorded
in operating expense on the accompany consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Lease with former related party 

The
Company s former executive offices were formally located in Tomball, Texas and was leased for 5,000 per month under a month-to-month
lease from JBL Energy Partners JBL ). JBL was an entity owned by Jason Lane, former Director and Chairman of the Board of
the Company who resigned in April 2021, and the lease was terminated in April 2021 in connection with the resignation of Mr. Lane. Total
rent expense under this lease during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and
 . As of December 31, 2022, the balance payable to JBL Energy Partners was and is included as part of accounts payable and
accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Commencing May 1, 2021, the Company agreed to continue to lease a portion
of the Tomball facility from the new landlord on a month-to-month basis at 1,000 per month. The Company also rents a storage facility
on a month-to-month basis for 250 per month. 

Accrued interest 

Total outstanding debt, including and in default at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Less: Unamortized debt discount 

Total outstanding debt, net of unamortized debt discount 

Convertible notes 

At December 31, 2020, convertible
notes payable totaled . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued convertible promissory notes in the aggregate
of for cash proceeds of , net of OID of . The notes are unsecured, have an implied interest rate was 10 , mature
in twelve months from issuance, and are convertible into 28,794,327 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.02 to 0.03 per share.
In addition, the Company granted the note holders warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with a relative
fair value of . The warrants are fully vested, and expire one year from the date of issuance. The Company determined the fair
value of the warrants by using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, with the following assumptions: expected term of 1.0 year, stock
price of 0.03 to 0.04, exercise price of 0.03, volatility of 250 to 333 , risk-free rate of 0.25 0 0.35 , and no forfeiture rate.
The Company records a debt discount to account for the relative fair value of the warrants, and the OID, which is amortized over the term
of the notes. Also during 2021, convertible notes payable of and accrued interest of , net of unamortized discount of ,
were converted into shares of common stock. At December 31, 2021, total outstanding convertible notes payable totaled . 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued convertible promissory notes in the aggregate of for cash proceeds of , net of OID of .
The notes are unsecured, have implied interest rate was 10 , mature in twelve months from issuance, and are convertible into 14,409,995
shares of the Company s common stock at 0.03 per share. In addition, the Company granted the note holders warrants to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock with a relative value of . The warrants are fully vested, and expire one
year from the date of issuance. The Company determined the fair value of the warrants by using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, with
the following assumptions: expected term of 1.0 year, stock price of 0.09, exercise price of 0.04, volatility of 212 , risk-free rate
of 4.05 , and no forfeiture rate. Also during 2022, convertible notes of and accrued interest of , net of unamortized discount
of , were converted into shares of common stock. At December 31, 2022, total outstanding convertible notes payable totaled
 . As of December 31, 2022, convertible notes payable and accrued interest are convertible into approximately 35,138,466 shares
of common stock at conversion rates ranging from 0.02 to 0.48 per share. As of December 31, 2022, a total of thirty-four convertible
notes and accrued interest in the aggregate of 1,730,000 have reached maturity and are past due. The Company is currently in negotiations
with these note holders to settle these past due notes payable. 

Accrued interest 

At December 31, 2020, accrued
interest on convertible notes payable totaled . During the year ended December 31, 2021, accrued interest of was recorded,
and accrued interest of 2,000 was converted into shares of common stock. At December 31, 2021, accrued interest on convertible notes
payable totaled . 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, accrued interest of was recorded, and accrued interest of 2,000 was converted into shares of common stock. At December
31, 2022, accrued interest on convertible notes payable totaled . In addition, during 2022, 16,500 of accrued interest was reclassified
from convertible note principal to accrued interest as of December 31, 2021. 

Debt discount 

At December 31, 2020, the
unamortized debt discount was . On January 1, 2021 debt discount was decreased by due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (see
below). During the year ended December 31, 2021, debt discount of was recorded for the relative fair value of warrants of 
and OID of , debt discount amortization of was recorded, and of debt discount was removed and included in the
carrying amount of related convertible notes payable that were converted into shares of common stock. At December 31, 2021, the unamortized
debt discount was . 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, debt discount of was recorded for the relative fair value of warrants of and OID of , debt discount
amortization of was recorded, and of debt discount was removed and included in the carrying amount of related convertible
notes payable that were converted into shares of common stock. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . 

Effective January 1, 2021,
the Company early adopted ASU No. 2020-06 using the modified retrospective approach (see Note 1). Upon adoption, the following changes
resulted: (i) the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion features recorded in 2020 was reversed as of the effective date of adoption,
thereby resulting in an increase in the convertible debentures with an offsetting adjustment to additional paid in capital and (ii) interest
expense recorded in 2020 that was related to the amortization of the discount related to the beneficial conversion feature was reversed
against opening accumulated deficit. Accordingly, the adoption of ASU 2020-06 resulted in a decrease to accumulated deficit of ,
a decrease in addition paid in capital of 60,000, and an increase in total stockholders deficit of 30,000 on January 1, 2021. 

 , pursuant to the Paycheck Protection
Program (the PPP under the CARES Act. 

The PPP loan agreement is
dated June 18, 2020, matures on , bears interest at a rate of per annum, with the first six months of interest deferred,
and is unsecured and guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The Company applied ASC 470, Debt, to account
for the PPP loan. The PPP loan may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the PPP loan may
only be used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act, including qualifying payroll costs, qualifying group health care benefits,
qualifying rent and debt obligations, and qualifying utilities. Management believes the entire loan amount has been used for qualifying
expenses and all of the conditions outlined in the PPP loan program were adhered to by the Company. Under the terms of the PPP, certain
amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses. In January 2022, the Company received notice that 
of the PPP loan was forgiven, and in June 2022, the Company received notice that an additional of the PPP loan was forgiven. Accordingly,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, a gain on forgiveness of PPP loan was recorded. The Company also paid of principal
on the PPP loan, and at December 31, 2022, the balance of the PPP loan after recording the aggregate forgiveness and payment was 75,000.
The terms of the PPP loan provide for customary events of default including, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations
and warranties, and insolvency events. The Company was in compliance with the terms of the PPP loan as of December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively. 

AOT Prototypes 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred total expenses of and , respectively, in the manufacture and testing of the AOT
prototype equipment. These expenses have been reflected as part of Research and Development expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

Temple University Licensing
Agreement-amount past due 

On August 1, 2011, the Company
and Temple University Temple entered into two (2) Exclusive License Agreements (collectively, the License Agreements relating to Temple s patent applications, patents and technical information pertaining to technology associated with an electric
and/or magnetic field assisted fuel injector system (the First Temple License ), and to technology to reduce crude oil viscosity
(the Second Temple License ). The License Agreements are exclusive, and the territory licensed to the Company is worldwide
and replace previously issued License Agreements. 

Pursuant to the two licensing
agreements, the Company paid Temple a non-refundable license maintenance fee of 300,000, and agreed to pay (i) annual maintenance fees
of 187,500; (ii) royalty fee ranging from 4 up to 7 from revenues generated from the licensing agreements; and (iii) 25 of all revenues
generated from sub-licensees to secure or maintain the sub-license or option thereon. The term of the licenses commenced in August 2011
and will expire upon expiration of the patents. The agreements can also be terminated by either party upon notification under terms of
the licensing agreements or if the Company ceases the development of the patent or fails to commercialize the patent rights. 

Total expenses recognized
during each twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 pursuant to these two License Agreements amounted to and has
been reflected in Research and Development expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. In the twelve-month
periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also recognized penalty interest on past-due balances of and , respectively,
which is included as part of interest and financing expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, total unpaid fees due to Temple pursuant to these agreements are and , respectively, which are included as
part of Accounts Payable license agreements in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. With regards to the unpaid
fees to Temple, a total of are deferred until such time the Company achieves a revenue milestone of or upon termination
of the licensing agreements and the remaining are deemed past due. The Company is currently in discussions with Temple to settle
or cure the past due balance. 

revenues were earned from
the two License Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities recorded on the balance sheet are as follows: 

Stock based compensation 

Other temporary differences 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred taxes net of valuation allowance 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had net operating losses available for carry forward for state and federal tax purposes of approximately million expiring
through 2040. These carry forward benefits will be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. The annual limitation, if imposed, may result in the expiration of net operating losses
before utilization. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company recorded a valuation allowance of 13,132,000 for its deferred tax assets since the Company believes that such assets did not
meet the more likely than not criteria to be recoverable through projected future profitable operations in the foreseeable future. This
valuation is based on the federal corporate tax rate of . 

Effective January 1, 2007,
the Company adopted FASB guidance that addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax
return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based
on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The FASB also provides
guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased
disclosures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company files income tax
returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the State of Texas. The Company is subject to U.S. federal or state income tax examinations
by tax authorities for years after 2002. During the periods open to examination, the Company has net operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards for U.S. federal and state tax purposes that have attributes from closed periods. Since these net operating losses and tax credit
carry forwards may be utilized in future periods, they remain subject to examination. The Company s policy is to record interest
and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no accrued interest or penalties
related to uncertain tax positions. The Company believes that it has not taken any uncertain tax positions that would impact its consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of its common stock upon the conversion of in convertible notes at to per share, net of unamortized discount of . 

The Company issued shares of its common stock upon the exercise of warrants of , at to per share. 

The Company issued shares of its common stock upon the exercise of options of , at per share. 

Year Ending
December 31, 2021 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued an aggregate of 32,118,979 shares of its common stock as follows: 

The Company issued shares of its common stock at per share for proceeds of in a private placement. 
 
 . 

The Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of in convertible notes at to per share, net of unamortized discount of . 

The Company issued shares of its common stock as compensation with a fair value of , or per share. 

The Company issued shares of its common stock for services with a fair value of , or per share. 

Options 

Employee options vest according
to the terms of the specific grant and expire from 5 to 10 years from date of grant. The weighted average, remaining contractual life
of employee and non-employee options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was 4.8 years. Stock option activity for the period January 1, 2021
to December 31, 2022, was as follows: 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 

The weighted average exercise
prices, remaining contractual lives for options granted, exercisable, and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

0.25 - 0.49 

0.50 - 0.99 

1.00 - 2.00 

As of December 31, 2022, the
market price of the Company s stock was per share. At December 31, 2022 the aggregate intrinsic value of the options outstanding
was . Future unamortized compensation expense on the unvested outstanding options at December 31, 2022 is . 

Year Ending December
31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company did not issue options to employees, officers or members of the Board of Directors. 

Year Ending December
31, 2021 

During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company issued options to purchase a total of shares of common stock to an employee and former officer with a fair value of
 determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model. The options are exercisable at to per share, vesting immediately
or over one month and expire ten years from the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized compensation
costs of based on options that vested. 

Black-Scholes Option
Pricing 

The Company used the following
average assumptions in its calculation using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model: 

Risk free interest rate 

Volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

The assumptions used in the Black Scholes
models referred to above are based upon the following data: (1) the contractual life of the underlying non-employee options is the expected
life. The expected life of the employee option is estimated by considering the contractual term of the option, the vesting period of the
option and the employees expected exercise behavior. (2) The expected stock price volatility was based upon the Company s
historical stock price over the expected term of the option. (3) The risk-free interest rate is based on published U.S. Treasury Department
interest rates for the expected terms of the underlying options. (4) The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company
has not paid dividends to common shareholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to common shareholders in the future. 

Warrants 

The following table summarizes
certain information about the Company s stock purchase warrants. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Warrants outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Warrants outstanding, December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 the price
of the Company s common stock was 0.05 per share and the aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants outstanding was . As
of December 31, 2022, warrants were fully vested and warrants vest in January 2023. 

0.25 - 0.49 

0.50 - 1.00 

1.00 - 2.00 

Year Ending December 31, 2022 

In September 2022, pursuant to terms of convertible notes issued, the Company granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share, vesting immediately upon grant and expiring one year from the date of grant. See Note 5 for further discussion. 

In January through December 2022, pursuant to terms of consulting agreements, the Company granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of 0.02 to 0.09 per share, vesting up to one month from the date of grant and expiring two to five years from the date of grant. Total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: life of to years; risk free interest rate of to ; volatility of to ; and dividend yield of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense of based on the fair value of the warrants that vested. 

Year Ending December 31, 2021 

In February through December 2021, pursuant to terms of convertible notes issued, the Company granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of 0.03 to 0.04 per share, vesting immediately upon grant and expiring one year from the date of grant. See Note 5 for further discussion. 

In January through December 2021, pursuant to terms of a consulting agreement, the Company granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of to per share, vesting one month from the date of grant and expiring two years from the date of grant. Total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: life of years; risk free interest rate of to ; volatility of to ; and dividend yield of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense of based on the fair value of the warrants that vested. 

and and are included in accrued expense on the accompany consolidated
balance sheet. The accrued expenses related parties consisted of unused vacation of officers, unreimbursed out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by officers, and unpaid board and committee fees to members of the Company s Board of Directors. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

(1) 
 
 Consists of license maintenance fees to Temple
 University in the amount of paid annually through the life of the underlying patents or until otherwise terminated by either
 party (see Note 7). 

(2) 
 Consists of certain contractually provided benefits to a former executive officer pursuant to a severance agreement and amendments thereto. The balance due as of December 31, 2022, of is included as part of Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, of which the total amount is in arrears. The former executive officer disputes the amount identified in the above table, claiming the above amount is less than the amount to which he believes he is owed. Absent an agreement to settle the dispute, and in the event the former executive officer elects to initiate litigation regarding the dispute, including claims for interest and penalties to which the former executive officer believes he is entitled, the Company has reserved, and if necessary and appropriate will assert, all factual and legal defenses, counter-claims, rights, and remedies it may have in any such suit. 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qsenergy_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 AND RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

I, Cecil Bond Kyte, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of QS Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ CECIL BOND KYTE 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qsenergy_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

 AND RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

I, Cecil Bond Kyte, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of QS Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ CECIL BOND KYTE 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 qsenergy_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY THE 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

Solely for the purposes of
complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of QS Energy, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on our
knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March
30, 2023 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 qsep-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 qsep-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 qsep-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 qsep-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

